Yup, it's pretty bad for you. I try to stand as much as possible, but standing desks aren't exactly cheap, and I don't have a dresser that's the right height. NYTimes ran a few articles a while back about this very subject.. http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/02/23/stand-up-whi... http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/07/14/phys-ed-the-men-who... A key point: "The men worked out, then sat in cars and in front of televisions for hours, and their risk of heart disease soared, despite the exercise. Their workouts did not counteract the ill effects of sitting." Good idea.. I'll have to try that. Lots of Nietzsche, with healthy doses of pragmatism (James & Dewey), some empiricism (Hume), and rationalism (Spinoza). Hacker News. Not political-views-of-some-hackers news. I'm assuming it's just the general term for a 'piece of transmitted information', no matter what the medium. I'm strongly looking into transferring to the Koln International School of Design ( http://kisd.de/home.html?lang=en ) which is in Cologne, Germany. (I'm currently a sophomore at a US non-design school.) It's a unique program that basically covers every field of design; the major is called "Integrated Design." You essentially choose your own curriculum. It really comes down to what sort of design you're interested in. US schools tend to be focused on 2 subjects, with not much else: industrial design and communication/web/graphic design. Different schools are better at different things, but to highlight a couple: Carnegie Mellon: strong in communication design, interaction design, Human-Computer interaction, and generally anything computer science related. Cincinnati: not so great of a school in general, but the design department is top 5 in the country, mostly because the program requires 4+ co ops (internships.) Supposedly they're pretty good at traditional product/industrial stuff. I decided to pass on design school a few years ago, mostly because I didn't want to be pidgeonholed into either of those subjects. I'm pretty familiar with design schools, so I'd be glad to answer any specific questions. Also try http://boards.core77.com Are you looking for an undergraduate program or grad program? I know more about the undergrad program (Integrated Design), but they also offer a Masters in European Design and a Masters in Integrated Design. The following info is for undergrad, Integrated Design. (Just to be clear, I don't actually attend this school (yet) and haven't visited.) 1. To enter: a 6-month internship in a design-related field. I believe that they also consider relevant work experience. 2. The program is a bit different than most schools; instead of classes, you work on projects. Any student can take any project (with some limitations) and students of all years work together. Subjects: essentially, there are around 15 departments: audiovisual media, manufacturing, service design, typography, interface design, etc. To graduate, one must take at least 1 project in 10 of the departments, and fulfill the certain amount of project points. There’s also some other “classes”, like seminars and workshops. Hence the name “integrated design” – you can, for the most part, “design” your study curriculum out of the offered projects. 3. Most classes are taught in English if requested, but I believe you have to still take a basic German test. There’s a ton of information that I am leaving out, so I recommend you just browse the site for a while. Check out these pages, in particular: Studies - http://kisd.de/studies.html?&lang=en Study programs (notice the PDFs for each program) - http://kisd.de/studyprograms.html?&lang=en Departments/Subjects - http://kisd.de/subjects.html?&lang=en Applying - http://kisd.de/application.html?&lang=en Applying FAQ - http://kisd.de/application_faq.html?&lang=en International Students - http://kisd.de/1908.html?&lang=en (all from the nav bar) edit: sorry for the horrible formatting. And feel free to ask any other questions. Sorry, I really don't know much about most European schools, other then the few I'm stumbled upon. I'd imagine that schools in Italy (possibly France) would focus more on art, design, fashion, etc. as opposed to service design, engineering, etc. But I have little to no evidence to back that up. Looks like they're redirecting it to USA.visa.com Maybe "mother" would have been a better term to use? Sure. I couldn't find your email in your profile either! Or in your blog. Tsk tsk, HN. (and I mean the site, not you.) Anyway, feel free to contact me. http://www.google.com/recaptcha/mailhide/d?k=01YWSQ0iQDYIbvG... /avoiding spam It's certainly commendable to give away a vast fortune, and I don't want to take away from this honorable act in any way. But I wonder why more ridiculously wealthy entrepreneurs don't, ya know, preneur? Especially in the nonprofit "make a difference space". A billion dollars to charity is cool. You know what's really cool? A billion dollars towards a celebrity billionaire-spearheaded do-good project. (Or 1 million dollars each towards 1000 projects, etc.) Maybe I'm missing something, and I'm certainly no billionaire, so I probably am. But if I were a billionaire, I'd be more interested in angel investing (in promising, impactful projects) and my bringing my own ideas to life. But I digress. Bravo to the billionaires. Really, this is awesome. I always thought engineering was the application of science. A scientist observes, experiments, and records his findings. An engineer uses these findings to build stuff. I wonder if this has anything to do with server resources; IE is 1 30-minute video less intensive and take up less space than 3 10-minute videos? (Considering that most long videos are just cut into parts.) If so, I'd imagine it would have an impact, considering the sheer size of YouTube's userbase. Gotcha. But wouldn't longer movies being in multiple pages/clips serve more advertising? I realize that the clips may not even be uploaded if a time limit is imposed, but I would assume that more clips = more potential ad clicks. I suppose also that the advances in Content ID (the copyright checking system) may only be effective on longer clips. All in all, there are advantages and disadvantages to both approaches, and maybe YouTube is just taking the least complicated route. I see. I should probably watch more Youtube before I start asking obvious questions about it. Thanks! Not quite sure I agree. Anonymous has zero financial incentive to do any of this, which may or may not be a requisite to gang-status. Either way, it's still a point worth considering. Good point, but I think that some, if not the majority of gangs only exist to make money. No money = no power = no gang. Anonymous has no comparable feature. I see anon more as a sort of underground ideological group than anything else. The first comparable movement that comes to mind is Project Mayhem (with less physical destruction of property and more identity ambiguity.) Still waiting for my flying car... Actually, it's been even longer than 25 years. http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2550902895914120566# But I'll be patient. Very impressive. I'm curious to see how it performs in the wild though -- can it translate signs outdoors just as well as in a studio? I really hope so. Make a simple web app that sells for $15 a month. You'll only need to get roughly 150 customers to make $2000. Or change the price and recalculate. I will be learning how to hack! Planning on going HTML > CSS > Javascript > Ruby. Not all over the holidays, of course. Yup. It just comes down to value, and it depends on the app. Underpricing something that has a lot of value is generally not a great business move. Especially when you intend on adding features later. But if it's just a simple web app, presumably one that has some similar competition, then $5 may be a better idea. I have no experience selling a startup, so my opinion is probably not worth much... 1. Running a company isn't the same as building a startup. Two different skill sets, for the most part. 2. On to the next thing. Unless my startup is fighting some huge, globally important problem, I'd rather take the money and put it towards something that is more relevant. Just think what Zuckerberg could do with billions of dollars towards a serious issue. Staying at Facebook isn't a bad thing, per se, but with that sort of financial power one could really make a bigger difference than connecting people online. Festivus. That's pretty much why I'm hesitant to do "cant.com". The only issue is that 'cannot' adds another syllable and doesn't sound as...casual; JoeCantDance.com JoeCannotDance.com I get your point about the logo though. That's definitely something worth considering, especially as some (a minor fraction, likely) of my target audience might not realize that typing "can't" into the url bar won't work. Yup, I'm a native English speaker. And thanks for the thoughts. Seeing as it's just a blog, and not a real "business," going with the more comfortable contraction may be the better move. It's a relatively old term actually. I believe the guys from IDEO first introduced it. Very valid concept though. Tim Brown from IDEO: http://www.chiefexecutive.net/ME2/dirmod.asp?sid=&nm=... (sorry for the long link.) Brevity. None, because I don't have an android app. Sorry. But have you considered selling the app, rather than giving it away for free/with ads? It seems that most apps aren't used after 30 days, so you may make more total profit by charging a small fee: http://techcrunch.com/2009/02/19/pinch-media-data-shows-the-... (Feb 2009) He's confusing "physical" minimalism (having less physical stuff) with asceticism (getting by with less/being exposed to less). He starts to draw this distinction, but for some reason he doesn't quite understand it. His entire argument falls apart as a result. The cool thing about "physical minimalism" in the digital age is that my stuff is digital -- I can have access to a huge variety of things, only when I need them. I can have innumerable movies, on demand, whenever I want them. Compare to 20 years ago, when I would have to actually own these physical VHS tapes (and they would presumably be more difficult to navigate/organize). This is important for his notion of creativity, too. Digitizing things lets you more easily access a larger body of objects. If da Vinci had a computer, he'd probably digitize a lot of his stuff too -- it would allow him to be exposed to more things, more easily. Plus, he'd be able to travel more easily, and new experiences are a HUGE part of creative thinking. Gonna throw this one out there: Pittsburgh. It's cheap (REALLY cheap) compared to most cities and has a large talent pool of college kids (Carnegie Mellon and Pitt). Not the most exciting place to live, but for starting a company, it's probably one of the better choices. Less distractions + bad weather = lots of work gets done. On experiences and creativity: http://www.businessweek.com/smallbiz/content/oct2010/sb20101... >>>>>>> Psychologists have spent years trying to discover the answer to the question: "What makes innovators different?" In one of the most thorough examinations of the subject, Harvard researchers spent six years and interviewed 3,000 executives to find out. According to the Harvard research, the No.1 skill that separates innovators from noncreative professionals is "associating"—the ability to successfully connect seemingly unrelated questions, problems, or ideas from different fields. The three-year Harvard research project confirms what Jobs told a reporter 15 years earlier: "Creativity is just connecting things." This notion of making creative associations through seeking out new experiences is worth exploring more closely, as it plays a significant role in the way Steve Jobs has generated one innovative product after another, and another, and another. Jobs is a classic iconoclast, one who aggressively seeks out, attacks, and overthrows conventional ideas. And iconoclasts, especially the successful ones, have an "affinity for new experiences," according to esteemed Emory University neuroscientist Gregory Berns. >>>>>> http://www.hnofficehours.com/ Is somewhat of a directory of hackers and their chat handles/contact info, if that's what you're looking for. Step 1: Don't give up a significant portion of your company. Admission fees? Retail stores are increasingly losing to online services, so the brick-and-mortars might have to focus on the experience of being in a bookstore. For more on this idea, The Experience Economy is a good read. (Skip everything but the first 2-3 chapters. After that, it gets redundant and a little weird at the end.) http://www.amazon.com/Experience-Economy-Theater-Every-Busin... But cafes aren't really selling books -- they're selling coffee and cookies. A lot of people seem to just hang out in book stores, without buying anything, so I really wonder if the cafe business model will work out long-term. Is testing his/her IQ+EQ a reliable measure? No. 1) I made Pokemon cards out of cardboard in 2nd grade, selling them in conjunction with a Lunchables promotion (cards on the back of food boxes). My biggest sale was a 5ft tall Charmander. ;) Unfortunately, the teacher got wind of my business and made me give all the money back. I'm still a little bitter about that one. 2) Selling PSP game ISOS to friends in high school, and repairing/jailbreaking PSPs to resell. 3) I waited in line 3 days for the PS3 launch -- went home and sold it on eBay the next day for a $500 profit. So they created fake accounts and pretended to be attractive women, just to get with a random girl? If that's not the definition of creepy, I don't know what is. The fact that he doesn't want the girl to find out should make this obvious -- any woman who found out you were doing this would be put off immediately, as they should be. Instead of spending so much time with some weird scheme in an attempt to put down the "hunks," how about just becoming a more attractive and more interesting person on your own? Newsflash, guys: women are attracted to confidence and a sense of self-worth, among other things, not complex mechanisms to distract the other guys. There are two ways to be the biggest building. One is to tear down the other buildings. Or two, just build the biggest building. - Gary V Sorry, but this is just really strange, and the lack of ANY negative feedback on here or Reddit is even more disconcerting. An excellent point that seems to be under-emphasized. Instead of swinging for the fences on the first at-bat, focus on getting a man on base first. /cheesy metaphor Gary Vaynerchuk? Not exactly "internet startup" in the YC sense, but Wine Library is definitely an online business. http://winelibrary.com/ Yup. Ebook editions typically include all future updates. With paperbacks, you're stuck with whatever is current at the time of printing. Is it possible to show the landing page on a user's first visit, then have a minor popup for returning users? That would make the most sense to me. Here's the story about AirBnb: http://money.cnn.com/galleries/2010/smallbusiness/1003/galle... I don't know much about Quora, and have never used it, so I can't comment on its chances of success. But I really don't like the name, and I think it may hold them back, as far as mainstream adoption goes. It's not an attractive name to begin with, and I don't quite know how to pronounce it: koo aura or kwaura (rhymes with Laura)? If we're comparing Quora to Facebook and Twitter, it loses the name game by a mile. Facebook and Twitter are both easy to say and there's no confusion on spelling or pronunciation. Also, Quora can't be easily or obviously verb-ized; "Facebook me" or "Tweet it". I don't see "Quoraize it" or "Quoing" becoming a commonly used phrase. All of this may be irrelevant if Quora is just that good , but it's certainly something to think about. Meaning =/= easy to say and pronounce. Apple Dell Yahoo Microsoft Google Facebook Myspace None of these really mean anything, but they're all easy to say and spell. Quora, not so much. Considering that word of mouth is the single most important "marketing method", I think it's relevant at some level. Cleveland is included, but not Pittsburgh? Someone's a Jets fan... On a technical note, the information in the hover bubble is mis-aligned; the right side is a space below the left side, at least on this older version of Firefox. Trulia's Q1 2011 Rent vs. Buy Index provides guidance to help you make a smart decision on whether it is better to rent or buy in each of America's 50 largest cities by population. Ah, I see. That makes sense, especially because the actual "city" of Pittsburgh isn't all that populated. Well, I fit into your category of non-typical hackers. I've been around computers for ages, but never really bothered to learn programming beyond some rudimentary HTML. Nor am I a math-oriented person. At the moment, I'm learning HTML, CSS and Rails. Unfortunately I haven't actually done something yet, but I'm working on a project that (I think) will be very disruptive. So, I'll have to get back to you on that one. ;) Thus Spoke Zarathustra Many of you are confusing "analytic" philosophy with all of philosophy. There are numerous distinct schools, with distinct thinkers and lines of thought. Assuming that a single quality applies to a uniform field of "philosophy" is completely misguided. There is no such thing as a uniform field of philosophy. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analytic_philosophy http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continental_philosophy Supposedly the Ak 47s used in the film were real, as real Ak 47s are less expensive than fake ones. But I'm not sure where I heard this, or if it's even true. Interesting idea. I'd work on the design a little. The not-in-use buttons (by default, 'Login' and 'Register') look a little bare. How about putting an arrow frame or light green square over them (when not in use). That will help to break up the giant green block. The text itself could also use a little work. I would probably cut out the ads too -- I can't imagine that many people would click on them, and their presence drags down the rest of the design. You probably won't make a ton of money from this, so think of it as a marketing tool to advertise yourself, not a way to make a few bucks a month. Other question: I'm curious as to how long you've been teaching yourself, and what previous programming experience you have? I'm currently teaching myself Ruby (with little-to-no programming experience) in order to launch a start up. I believe what you’ll see are more YC companies launching with bigger, more complete businesses. Notice I said businesses and not ideas, or features. This is probably the real benefit of the 150k. Sure, the money will help to alleviate rent-worries, but it also lets founders tackle serious (more expensive) business problems. 37 complains about Microsoft all the time, so I just used them. Replace MS with any large corporation that makes "bloated" software. Great point. I don't have a ton of resources, so it does seem easier to attack the low end first. I'd definitely agree that Facebook used to be clean and simple. These days it's too busy, redundant, and disorganized. Are suicide rates higher among 'the rich and famous' than among average people? If not, this really has no merit. People kill themselves because they have mental health issues, not because they come to realize that success isn't the secret to happiness. What a flat out terrible article. The ability to flag submissions such as this are the sole reason I aspire to gain more karma. Have you considered that business people actually end up doing [their jobs] out of an underlying passion? Everyone doesn't have the same value system as you. The Smartest Guys in the Room - about Enron This is a good reminder for us tech-savvy people: there's a HUGE untapped market of people out there who either don't have a computer or barely know how to use one. More importantly, they're not stupid or unworthy of your time -- they often need the same tools and information that we do, only simplified and streamlined. Why not do both (techies and non-techies)? This isn't the answer you're looking for, but I'll give it anyway: Reframe your site so that you don't rely on the community to power it -- make it so each user can use the product to its fullest extent without a single other user. We had this same problem during the early planning process for our (currently just my ) startup. Ultimately we realized that we were looking at the problem the wrong way. Instead of making the tool community-powered, we made it individual-user-powered. This lets us be "successful" with far, far less users. Obviously this probably won't work for your site, but maybe it's just a useful thought exercise. Agree with you 110% on the technical issue; most apps and websites attempt to solve problems in a technical way, which isn't always the best method. Rather than downvote you, I'll disagree in a reply. Ads are an extremely unreliable business model. If you want to be an entrepreneur, run a business. If you want to run a business, sell stuff. Don't fall into the trap of "oh, I'll just tack some ads on later and we'll be fine." I really don't read the (general) news. As bad as it sounds, I still manage to stay relatively informed. I think there's three reasons for this: 1. If it's big enough news, I'll hear about it from my friends/co-workers/etc. 2. If it's big enough news, it will usually pop up on a site that I do frequent (like HN.) For example, the abundance of stories about Egyptians using technology informed me of what was going on RE the revolution. 3. Most of the news out there is completely irrelevant. "Don't miss" on CNN.com: Groundhog predicts early spring, Charlie Sheen, How to Avoid Salt, and something about Bush's daughter. 1. The UX needs some work. It looks late 90s-ish. 2. The name is a little cheesy. I'd really consider changing it. 3. It's not immediately obvious how to play songs. Can you put a play button under each song? Ditto for picking the winner - put a "This is the best song" button under each song. I do like the music though. :) And it's a cool idea. Have you considered approaching local Battle of the Bands competitions and getting them on the site? Sell it as a all-in-one promotional type of thing. Have you considered Flippa? http://www.flippa.com Sell your company. If it's between killing it and making a few hundred bucks, why not? I'd also add that a sale (probably) looks better, resume and experience-wise, than merely shutting it down. Saying "I developed a site, made some money on it, then sold it because I no longer had time" is much more impressive than "I developed a site, made some money on it, then shut it down because it wasn't successful enough." My bet is on an educational bubble (although it isn't strictly comparable.) I wasn't around during the first bubble, and I don't actually run a company presently. (So take this with a grain of salt.) But from my perspective, most of the failed sites in bubble 1.0 didn't actually have good products - they didn't actually sell a basic 'X product' to 'Y customer'. I think the same thing is happening now. Just look at Path, Hipster, etc. being valued at super high numbers. These sites don't actually have a real, solid business model. They're just social networks. (In my opinion) the startup community needs to stop making social networks and pseudo-businesses and focus on real products and real problems, like the rest of the business world has for centuries. 1. Very true. 2. Also true, but I think there's somewhat of a distinction between eCommerce and all web businesses (at least what I've been led to believe.) ECommerce is selling offline things online, or rather, selling products through an online channel. Zappos, Amazon, 37 Signals etc. are examples of this. On the other hand, many of today's startups don't actually sell anything. They have a feature, not a business. Is Path really an eCommerce site? Hipster? 3. True, but again, ads aren't exactly a "product". They're an extra level above your service, and are notoriously much more difficult to pull off successfully. Also, I think that most people (customers) have a strong disdain for advertisements, on a whole. I wouldn't rely on ads to power a product indefinitely into the future; personally, I tune out almost all all advertisements, and I know many people who do the same. Building a business on a fluctuating ad market doesn't seem like a great business model to me. Selling products, however, is much more concrete. http://techcrunch.com/2009/03/22/why-advertising-is-failing-... (Techcrunch, I know. But it's a really good article from an academic.) From the article: People don’t trust ads. There is a vast literature to support this. Is it all wrong? People don’t want ads. Again, there is a vast literature to support this. Think about your own behavior, you own channel surfing and fast forwarding and the timing of when you leave the TV to get a snack. Is it during the content or the commercials? People don’t need ads. There is a vast amount of trusted content on the net. Again, there is literature on this. But think about how you form your opinion of a product, from online ads or online reviews? There is no shortage of places to put ads. Competition among them will be brutal. Prices will be driven lower and lower, for everyone but Google. Also, don't forget that the NYTimes is instituting a paywall, and the Wall Street Journal already has one. These sites obviously couldn't function solely on ads, and they get massive amounts of traffic. Likewise for Hulu: they couldn't get by with ads alone either. Unless your web business has an extremely low overhead (read: simple web functions) I seriously doubt ads will be enough. Also useful (but not mentioned): Universal Principles of Design . Sedo page clicky: https://sedo.com/search/searchresult.php4?showportfolio=d254... Direct link to the interview: http://thisweekin.com/thisweekin-venture-capital/this-week-i... Wufoo (YC 06) is essentially a better designed Survey Monkey. http://www.wufoo.com I have my road bike hooked up to a trainer right by my desk. Works super well for watching interviews and listening to podcasts. (A bike trainer essentially converts your 'normal' bike into a stationary bike. http://www.amazon.com/b?ie=UTF8&node=3403551 ) I'd get a .com domain. Anything else is just asking for confusion. Or, to simplify: Does it solve a relevant problem for people who have money? If so, you're probably in the clear. So 37Signals is a lifestyle or family business? They definitely need a new design. I really like the "broadsheet" style of their site, but it badly needs to be cleaned up. Pittsburgh is pretty much all of those. Insanely cheap housing (I pay $400 for a 2br - with no roommate, just me.) Access to the best young talent around (Pitt, Carnegie Mellon, + numerous other schools). Relatively low crime rate, and it's named the best city to live in fairly often. The only downside is the weather, which isn't that bad in the winter -- certainly much better than Detroit or Boston. That's not very fair. Unless you're fortunate enough to be working on your most passionate, most world-changing idea right now , I don't see the problem with taking an exit. Many people have passions outside of their company, so what's wrong with taking the money and using it to fund another project? Make your idea so out-of-the-box that the people with immediate skills to implement it, won't (or can't). What does that mean? Pick an idea that is either inherently non-technical or requires significant non-technical work to launch. Your idea can't be stolen if it takes a massive amount of research and pre-programming work to launch. Most hackers (typically the people most capable of executing quickly) will try to solve a problem technically. So, don't solve the problem technically. I'm solving the "I have no technical co-founder" problem by becoming the technical co-founder. Let's hope it works out. I am very familiar with tech and computers, but not in the programming sense. Wouldn't that lead to the top rated comments being rated even higher, while newer (but still good) comments are left by the wayside? This would happen simply because the commenter posted outside of the time the topic was most popular (most viewers). I love the domain. Perfect for a simple web app. A few things: 1. I would move the 'About' tab over next to the 'Owed to You' tab. Stretching it across looks slightly off. 2. The last line of your copy could use a rewriting. Maybe "Try it out! Just use your own e-mail address."Or just take out the comma. 3. Is there a way to remove yourself from the e-mail list on the site? (not just in the e-mail.) Doesn't seem like a business; more of a web app. But maybe a small ad at the bottom of each e-mail? College student here, working on a startup. I've actually gone part-time on classes to work on my project full-time. Don't disregard high school until you've actually done something significant on your own time. Saying "this is a waste of time" doesn't have much merit when you haven't launched a successful product yet. My phone translates foreign languages, provides maps and directions, recommends restaurants and tells me the news of the day. It lets me communicate with friends around the world and in general, allows me to function. All my knowledge depends upon access to communication services: my email, my calendar, my maps and guidebooks. But all of this is at the mercy of the service provider. While I agree with his post on the whole, nearly all of those smartphone apps are available offline. His point is more valid when it comes to content. Related: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pittsburgh_left The driving practice of the first left-turning vehicle taking precedence over vehicles going straight through an intersection. neither. Avoid numbers entirely. So if I asked you about art, you'd probably give me the skinny on every art book ever written. Michelangelo, you know a lot about him. Life's work, political aspirations, him and the pope, sexual orientations, the whole works, right? But I'll bet you can't tell me what it smells like in the Sistine Chapel. You've never actually stood there and looked up at that beautiful ceiling; seen that. Great movie that I just had to quote. I really hope to visit the chapel someday, and this site only reinforces my desire. Typically 2-3% is considered average/good. You're doing great at 10%. I'm in Pittsburgh and looking to meet a cool and smart co-founder. Well, sort of. :) Where are you best places in the Burgh to find tech entrepreneurs? While execution > idea most of the time, I think it's become a little too accepted, for its own good. Ideas are worthless when they're another spin on a web 2.0 site, or rather a spin on something that already exists. From the link: Oh, and what was the company? It was yet another Web 2.0 flavor of a question-and-answer, poll-your-friends site with a distant revenue model and no user acquisition strategy. Ran if for two years before we shut it down with almost no revenue achieved. Shocking, I know. Going stealth is more worth it if your idea isn't in the same universe as ye old web 2.0 social network/web analysis/etc. tool. Hint: these aren't real businesses. This is especially true if your idea is simple to implement technically, but not necessarily simple to implement on a whole. And the idea that "someone is already doing it" is far from a truth. There are plenty of HUGE problems that no one is working to solve - most likely because they aren't problems with technical solutions. The notion that "ideas are worthless" is really only valid if the idea isn't all that original in the first place. If I am not doing it at the moment, someone else is. You're assuming that # of people with an amazing idea = # of people with the tech skills/knowledge to make it happen. Don't forget that the vast majority of businesspeople (very, very successful business people) are significantly less technically-inclined than a HN-reader. I'm in a very similar situation: building a startup that's not technically complicated and has no real competitors (only substitutes). I'm trying to stay semi-stealth; avoiding talking about it to startup/techies/online but still asking friends, family, and potential customers. Facebook might count, depending on what you mean by stealth. Nope. I'm nearly at 400 and I can't find a downvote button anywhere. I hate to be one that argues about definitions, but: generally known and talked of; especially : widely and unfavorably known http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/notorious They pay for the university's existence. You are oversimplifying the educational system to a very large degree (pun intended). Education isn't about the 'information', it's about the collective sum of benefits that a university provides. If it were strictly about the education (courses, books, etc.) there would be no purpose -- most of it can be found for free online. University is about the whole package, of which a strong alumni network is often a major piece. Without a strong sports program, many of these schools would lose a large fraction of their alumni's attention - and I don't mean dollars and cents. To use a previous commenter: Ding ding ding. I went to a D3 school for football, and when considering a possible MBA, something I was looking at half jokingly, but half legitimately, was whether the school was large - because I thought it would make watching sports on TV for the rest of my life, and having true attachment, a lot more fun. Undoubtedly, as I progress further in my career, that fervor would have grown with team success, and also made my attachment more real - while my current alma mater (Chapman University in Southern California) - would have fallen away from consciousness with no legitimate way to grab my attention. Whether I make a donation to any school in the future is up for debate, and I am now not likely to get an MBA based on many of the points raised here and elsewhere - but the point made on this comment hits the nail on the head. I find it extremely unlikely that I will ever donate to my small private school in Southern California - because the thoughts of how it's helped me depart with every passing second, and they have no way to get it back. This obviously leads to a weakening of the school on a whole, in terms of future enrollment and overall reputation, leading to a decline in the quality of education. I don't necessarily agree with you in that there shouldn't be a overarching consistency to their products (no matter how subtle), but Google definitely isn't the strongest when it comes to design. UX rule #1249042: If anything on a site is ever confusing, it's always the site's fault, not the user's. So don't feel bad. Eh? It's a pretty fundamental part of usability, design, and business in general. Blaming your users is never a good idea. I am in a similar situation (20 years old, semi-dropping out to start a company.) Here's my advice/what I'm doing: 1) Don't drop out entirely. Being a part time student allows you to still access most of the university resources. Many of these can be very valuable. 2) Don't move to SF. It seems tempting, but if you have no plan, no skills, and no money, it's a recipe for disaster. SF is also extremely expensive; unless you're going to NYU, it's probably a lot cheaper to live in your college town. 3) Work on your own projects to get some experience/a portfolio. No one will hire a random kid with no skills. My advice is to work on a project yourself until it gets the attention of the online community. Then you can drop out 100% and move to SF, as you'll have proven that you can provide value. An exception can be found for every rule, in just about anything. Nitpicking specific examples and then saying "oh, well this disproves it" proves nothing. 99 out of a 100 times, blaming the user isn't the right move. For the sake of brevity, I used ever and always . Agreed. The window of opportunity for a new social network to take the thunder of Facebook is long closed. Social networks are a bit old at this point, and as you said, Facebook is pretty entrenched. 1. You need a new domain name. 2. The design could use some work. Sorry to say it, but nearly everything is very poorly designed. Have you looked into Wordpress themes for video? There's a lot of quality ones floating around. 3. Your copy needs re-done too. It's not completely clear what the site is, and there's some readability issues there too. Good luck! Email isn't stale. It's a default. Facebook is on its way to being the same. Tumblr? Not a definite need there. http://www.cookingforengineers.com/ A wristwatch? What's that? - Sincerely, people under 25 Yup. I pay $400 for a 2br, all to myself, in Oakland. Doesn't get much cheaper than that. The weather is pretty bad though - and I say this as a native. Thanks. They're doing Launch 2.0 now, which are existing companies. Any idea if Launch 1.0 is after this, or did it already happen? Clickable: http://www.weezic.com 1. What's with the name? It reminds me of two things: Weezer, the band, and Weezy, as in the rapper Lil Wayne. Neither of which have anything to do with classical music. But I'm no musician, so I might be missing a reference. 2. I'm no designer, but I think you have slightly too many colors on the home page. Try to limit it to no more than 5, total (including the background, borders, etc.) Other design issues: the "become a weezician" shouldn't be in all caps, as the "Learn more..." isn't. On the same button, I'd reverse the colors; blue seems to indicate "You are here," but you're using it as a link. 3. I like the idea, but again, I'm not a musician, so my opinion means nothing. That said, the intro lines definitely need to be re-written. Are you looking for a classical work to play? For each work, enjoy instantly all the quality resources you need. I'm not quite sure how to reword it, perhaps something like... "Classical sheetmusic at your fingertips." It is a lot more polished than most beta-type sites though, so good work! Always get a dotcom. Anything else is just asking for confusion, especially if you ever plan to market to non-tech customers. That said, if it's just a webapp or something, I wouldn't worry about it too much. http://www.NameChk.com works well too. Fortune favors the bold. Cliche? Maybe, but I don't see or hear it often. It really applies to everything in your life. The fact that it's an ancient roman saying with a lot of history makes it even more relevant (to me, at least.) I can attest to this as well. I checked mahalo's quantcast a few weeks ago and it was hidden. Awesome photos. This needs some equally awesome music in the background, though. Try this: "Nevergreen" - Emancipator http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RChF0wlcWfQ (timelapse video link) http://www.vimeo.com/14718221 1. Typo: "FreemusicforthemassesS.com" - extra S in there. 2. I'm not entirely sure what your site is, judging from the homepage. I know you explain it on the tour page, but it should be immediately obvious what your site does. Cool idea, but you should communicate it more clearly. I've always thought it had to do with control - in a car, you "have control" over your vehicle, whereas in a plane, you don't. Which is essentially the theory you're referencing. Worth a read: The Experience Economy http://www.amazon.com/Experience-Economy-Theater-Every-Busin... Read online: http://books.google.com/books?hl=en&lr=&id=5hs-tyRrS... Skip the last few chapters. The author's personal (religious) beliefs start to show, and his line of thought weakens (experience economy leads to "transformation" economy, in which people seek to be "transformed.") The majority of the book is an excellent read, though. Information =/= experience. Two different things. The author is referring to the experiential aspects of Facebook, i.e. keeping in touch with friends, etc. Not the actual information on the site. That's why he brings up college dorms being nicer - since it's difficult for universities to provide a better education , they focus on providing a better experience. As Hollywood wanes, indie filmmakers rise. Don't forget that a decade ago, a HD-quality camera was out of reach for anyone but Hollywood directors. Today, you can get one for $1,000. Bad times for Hollywood film? Yup. Good times for the art of filmmaking? It's never been better. Water. Alternatively, stocks in desalination companies. For the impatient, skip to the end of the article. It is the connection between memory and creativity, perhaps, which should make us most wary of the web. ‘As our use of the web makes it harder for us to lock information into our biological memory, we’re forced to rely more and more on the net’s capacious and easily searchable artificial memory,’ Carr observes. But conscious manipulation of externally stored information is not enough to yield the deepest of creative breakthroughs: this is what the example of Poincaré suggests. Human memory, unlike machine memory, is dynamic. Through some process we only crudely understand – Poincaré himself saw it as the collision and locking together of ideas into stable combinations – novel patterns are unconsciously detected, novel analogies discovered. And this is the process that Google, by seducing us into using it as a memory prosthesis, threatens to subvert. No: tech people and hipsters aren't normal people. Grandma isn't going to ditch Facebook for the hot new social network. Nowhere in particular; by "hot new social network" I just meant any potential Facebook alternative. I can't think of any real ones offhand. Charlie Sheen? It's already been done. http://livethesheendream.com/ If not, that site is filled with good ideas. You're acting as if Conan is in explicit control of his lawyers. He's a major celebrity worth millions of dollars. If the lawyer didn't try to shut down sites with his name in them (that are about him), he/she isn't a very good lawyer. Besides, the grandfather post said they asked for the domain - not the site (?). That could be very relevant. If obesity is a disease of poverty, then how come truly poor people (e.g., the poor in India or China) are skinny? Corn subsidy in the U.S.. Not much else to say. I hope it goes down too, but for a different reason: so startups will stop using "ly" at the end of their name. I'd agree that the news is bad for you. But that "article" was underwhelming, to say the least. Can't help you on the standing desks, but; Have you considered using an exercise ball instead of a chair? Am I correct in assuming that you just want a standing desk for the health benefits? If so, exercise balls are pretty good for you as well (at least better than a chair). They are a lot cheaper than standing desks. http://www.gearfire.net/10-reasons-to-use-an-exercise-ball-a... I attend one the affected universities, so it's really frustrating for me too. At least they've thought the whole circular plan through: - Teachers won't get rewarded for master's degrees - Cut funding for universities, resulting in less teachers being able to afford master's degrees - Teachers don't bother with master's degrees Simply amazing that a guy armed only with a tablet and a microphone can have this much impact. Khan Academy is miles better than any of those when it comes to design and ease of use, especially when it comes to presenting the material to elementary/middle school aged children. I certainly don't think a MIT lecture will appeal to 5th graders. We're working to solve a problem that virtually all businesses face and doesn't have a real solution. Other than that, I'm in stealth mode, sorry. :) That may be true, but I think his point about "not focusing on the technical aspects of why Apple was better" is really important. The idea does matter. Don't get caught up in the false dichotomy that plagues this issue. Obviously execution is hugely important. But that doesn't mean that the idea is irrelevant. The key is to take a great idea (that has a market) and execute on it well. Step one is to stop classifying people into "douches" and "non-douches". Being "damn near 40" and still making judgments on people the minute you meet them is your first problem. I've had the same issue - couldn't get work done and couldn't relax. My solution was to cancel my home internet plan and go to the library. No more working at home for me. :) Plus, it saves me ~$50/month, which helps when you're bootstrapping a business. Sedo clickable page: https://sedo.com/search/searchresult.php4?showportfolio=d254... It doesn’t even matter if you don’t have a co-founder. Any additional thoughts on this? "You really, really, really should get a co-founder" seems to be the standard response, but I'd really, really like to hear that it isn't an accept-or-reject issue. Glad to hear that, thanks. “When we’re talking primarily about good typographical rules and creating a balanced visual hierarchy, those things are not subjective. Those just are. You can guarantee that people will react a certain way to these things. And we’re not actually looking for an emotional connection where we might be with color and the more artistic layer if you will. That’s the nice thing about design. At its core level it’s not really subjective. It’s just a matter of good balanced decision making and not cluttering things, not overcrowding.” — Dan Rubin Maybe, but that's really glossing over the entire history of design, especially people like David Carson. Google him for examples of his work - it's not clean, balanced, and clutter-free, yet he was pretty influential in the design world. Of course, he knew the rules before he meaningfully broke them, but that's nowhere near being "objective." Universal Principles of Design Wow, that's impressive. Well, at least it sounds impressive to someone without a lot of math knowledge. Which has me puzzled. I can't think of anything offhand that I "discovered". I suppose you don't need to have been the first to discover it; it merely needs to be relatively unknown to most people? If that's the case, then nevermind: I'm full of obscure knowledge. I've actually "invented" an impressive device, but I'm not sure if "something you invented" is what they're looking for. Of course, I'm probably reading into this a little too much. If you're renting a $100,000 house for $1,500 a month, you are probably overpaying on rent, no? (YC Winter 2011) I just wanted to comment on the excellent picture choice. Didn't realize it was a cup of coffee until I read through the article. I then imagined myself as the entrepreneur, staring down into his coffee on the table, pondering the deal. I don't think I would've had the same visual response with a stock photo of a coffee cup. Not sure if that was your intent, but good job either way. I feel like the future competitor of telcos won't be a telco. It will be something like an interconnected wifi network spread across a vast area. Imagine a city like New York or SF, with wifi access points everywhere . You use a "phone" to access this network. In other words, an iPod touch that's designed specifically for communication over wifi networks. Obviously that's a wild prediction, and I really don't know much about cellular network, but hey, it seems possible. I suppose I should have searched a little harder. This (from the last class) says they pushed it back to Oct 28, so I'm assuming that it's mid to late October, depending on the specifics that year. http://ycombinator.com/w10announcement.html No, but I probably will be in the fall (when I apply to YC.) Namely AlphaLab, which is out of Pittsburgh. http://www.alphalab.org/ Semi-agreed. Reddit is minimal in that it is pretty simple and straightforward to use. Not minimal in the designed-to-be minimalist sense. The best example of this is Google and Apple. Both are minimalist. But Apple (arguably, of course) has a much better sense of design. Reddit is like Google. ...only one way to find out. Interestingly Apple used a similar tactic with their "Think Different" slogan, which was hugely successful. The difference, I think, is that Apple was positioning itself against the monolith IBM, hence the "Different". Google is in a similar position today as IBM was back then (in being dominately huge). So maybe naming the magazine "Think Quarterly" makes sense after all. If I stood on one leg “to exhaustion” — until it hurt too much to continue — a few times, I woke up feeling more rested Wouldn't it be easier to just exercise? Regular physical activity leads to better sleep, and doesn't require you to stand on one leg. Well, yeah. It just seems a little strange (and likely less efficient) to do leg raises, when a decent workout of real exercises would be just as easy and more effective. Even if you stick to the legs, exercises like bootstrappers, squats, and lunges would be significantly better. Something I've always wondered: assuming all other things (connections, community, alumni, funding, etc.) being equal, does YC win out over other "incubators" simply because of Hacker News? YC startups (quite rightly) get on the front page easily, which obviously drives a lot of traffic. Most other "incubators" don't have anything comparable. I meant more in the scenario of: "our startup got into 4 different incubators, one of which is YC. They all have strengths and weaknesses, which roughly balance each other out. Is Hacker News the trump card?" Fair enough. I just didn't get the impression that the OP took an exercise approach to his experiment. It seemed less isometrics and more "I'm gonna stand on one leg until I get tired." No caffeine? The average person in the united states makes 2-3 million over the course of their entire life. True, but I don't see any reason why low capital = low innovation. Cheap internet companies aren't derivative by default. I don't disagree with you in that entrepreneurs choose software because it's cheaper. My question was: what's inherently derivative about software startups? Why is everyone making photo-sharing software and not software to solve other (unaddressed) problems? 1. According to that line of thought, every problem has been solved already. Are we really at that point? There are hundreds of problems that are more relevant than "how do I share images of my location with people in my same location". 2. ^What real problem does a company like Color solve? Is there one? 3. Maybe the problem is that startups are targeting consumers ? B2B has a way of culling the herd: if you don't solve a problem, no one buys your product. I'm trying to sell a number of domains. Take a look and see if you like any. https://www.sedo.co.uk/search/searchresult.php4?showportfoli... Thanks! Really getting tired of the constant reiteration of this soundbite. It's much, much more complex than that, and the constant chanting of "ideas don't matter" just leads to groupthink. For example: what if the bulk of your product is copy (writing) or design? All it needs is a simple account system and framework built around it - the majority of the work is nontechnical . That's not to say that it is easy or simple; rather, the work is just not technical in nature. Technical execution deserves 85% in a tech-heavy startup. Technical execution deserves far less than 85%, probably even less than half, in a non-tech-heavy startup. The OP didn't specify "what" his site is about, but regardless. Now you're just arguing about definitions. "Technical" = coders in 99/100 uses, especially for the OP. Don't forget about chartbeat. http://www.chartbeat.com A few things I'm doing/done: 1. Selling random stuff on Craigslist and Ebay. Say, that bike trainer is really cool, but I haven't used it in awhile, and I should go ride outside anyway. Ditto for every other non-essential item I own. 2. Setting up a few minor content-type sites. I wrote a bunch of articles awhile ago and never did anything with them. I'm spending this weekend setting up a simple wordpress site to host them. Not going to make me rich, obviously, but anything helps. 3. Start a minor side business. If you can figure out a way to spend an equal amount of time (say, 20 hours/week) and make more money than a comparable random job, do it. You'll learn more and it'll look awesome on a resume. (I'm doing this too). 4. I've looked into using AirBnb to host. Not sure if I will end up using it, but if you've got the space (and the comfort level) you can definitely pay the rent with it. I think that's the point - Musk is running both successfully. Trying not to get hit by a car (I ride a bike.) I'm not fan of the public school system, but I don't think it's that simple. Mainly, wouldn't home-schooled children (and their parents) presumably be more concerned about their "education" than your average family? The fact that they are homeschooling their kids, rather than dumping them off to the school system, seems to suggest this. If that were the case, these students would probably get a higher quality of education even if they were forced to go through the system. It's this same flawed argument that always comes up with college earnings. (College grads are more successful, therefore you should go to college.) Isn't it likely that those who are likely to enroll at a college are more driven, potentially-successful people to begin with? I posted this awhile ago on a similar Ask HN. It's probably not relevant if your site is really community-driven, but it might be worth thinking about. --- Reframe your site so that you don't rely on the community to power it -- make it so each user can use the product to its fullest extent without a single other user. We had this same problem during the early planning process for our (currently just my) startup. Ultimately we realized that we were looking at the problem the wrong way. Instead of making the tool community-powered, we made it individual-user-powered. This lets us be "successful" with far, far less users. 1. Where will most of your customers come from? I get the feeling that (potential) 37signals customers first go to 37signals.com, then to highrisehq.com from there. 2. Who are your customers? If your business is consumer-focused, I'd probably try to find a .com. B2B or to tech-savvy people, on the other hand, probably wouldn't mind GetXApp.com. I am in a similar situation (20 years old, semi-dropping out to start a company.) Here's my advice/what I'm doing: 1) Don't drop out entirely. Being a part time student allows you to still access most of the university resources. Many of these can be very valuable. 2) Don't drop out to work on your project. Start planning what you're doing, begin to work on it, show it to people, and then drop out once it looks promising. It's tempting to drop out right away, but if you have no plan, no skills, and no money, it's a recipe for disaster. It's also expensive; paying the rent and food is no fun and occupies my mind too often. 1. Brush your teeth in the shower. 2. Listen to podcasts/news while cooking, working out, etc. Never only watch / listen to a show, always do something else simultaneously. But do you think the "vast majority of kids" take that as their main reason? No, but many adults take it as their main reason, which leads to more potential "role-models" becoming police officers/fire fighters, which leads to more kids wanting to be like these particular role models. Example: kid grows up admiring his uncle the fireman, who has nice things (always employed) and makes a difference in his community. His uncle might have simply taken the job because of the benefits mentioned in the grandparent post. Kids don't necessarily need to know the labor benefits of a job, but (I think) they know the types of people that take these jobs, and want to be like them. Of course, it doesn't mean that they'll actually become firemen, but we're talking about the "what do you want to be when you grow up" question, not necessarily what they end up doing. Very, very true. A friend of mine is considering the military, largely so he gets more experience and a better shot at a firefighting job. Have you tried looking for angels through your potential customers? As in, ask your (future) customers if they can introduce you to a VC or angel. Even as an American, I still love to read about others' views of America. A little narcissistic, maybe, but I think it's more like getting another pair of eyes on something you look at everyday. That's a good thought. Maybe the plan should be to launch one quickly, get traction, then hire people to help you with the nitty-gritty while you slowly start working on the second idea. 1. They both roughly have similar timeframes. 2. One targets entrepreneurs, while the other targets virtually everyone (consumer-based.) The former is SaaS, while the latter is free to start but costs more to remove ads/add features. It doesn't necessarily need a lot of users to be successful (not something like Facebook) but the experience of the site is better with more people. 3. Both have virtually no competition and solve significant problems. Sorry for being so sneaky and vague about it, but there's nothing out there like either of these ideas, so I'm a bit hesitant to broadcast on a savvy community like HN. I would, but: a) there's nothing that solves either of these problems b) they aren't new problems and have been around forever c) technically, they wouldn't be very difficult to implement (they aren't technical solutions to these problems). I've talked to multiple people offline about both ideas, so I'm very certain that they are good and will work. I've been working on the one for about 5 months now, so this isn't "just an idea". I'd just rather not broadcast them to HN when I'm months away from launching either one. Not sure if you're implying that KR isn't a technical guy (he may or may not be, I don't know enough about him), but with your logic, Bill Gates isn't a technical guy either, seeing that he dropped out of college too (although before choosing a major). Majoring in comp sci = having some technical knowledge, whether you graduate or not. Not majoring in comp sci != not being a technical guy. Yeah, sorry if that came across as hostile. It just seemed like you were saying "he's not technical because he dropped out." I do agree with you in that his major doesn't necessarily mean he's technical, though. A little snarky, no? With all the talk of "save HN", comments like this really don't seem to add anything worthwhile to the discussion. Your previous comment had nothing to do with the disadvantages of the name and everything to do with making a clever, ironic joke, which, by the way, was negative to begin with ("for when it fails".) Unless you think that "Milk" is a bad name because a random iPhone app's name can be used in a roundabout way. I hate to be so critical, but Reddit-style comments like this really don't belong here. Glad to see that the pageviews didn't dip after launch. Question: how did you initially get advertisers? I'm assuming that the $500 ($462 last month) is from your sponsors adhering to something like this: monthly fee = pageviews * $X. Did they pay anything up front, or do you charge at the end of the month? Feel free to not answer if these questions are too prying. [I'm launching a small (side project) content site soon, so I am curious] Very useful information. Thanks! Nice list. You should add The Startup Foundry too. http://www.thestartupfoundry.com EDIT: nevermind, didn't notice there was more than one page. You should put the page navigation at the top of the page. Well, mostly because the newer idea could possibly be more worth pursuing. Figure out what they're missing and make it a hallmark feature of your product. Alternatively, just out-do them at their own game. Or as we say in Pittsburgh, j'eet yet? Am I the only one that really doesn't like Quora's answer summary? Especially for a question like this, because some (somewhat contrary) valuable opinions are essentially ignored in favor of a catchy one liner. This is why you should aspire to make it big. Not so you can buy a jet and fancy cars, but to go on awesome adventures and push the definition of "what's possible." Or maybe I just admire Richard Branson a little too much . Apple, anyone? Although they aren't a startup, the fact that they are hush-hush until the product launches is good enough (for me) to at least consider stealth mode. I want money to do 2 things: 1. Travel, anytime, anywhere. 2. Limitless ability to create new projects and businesses. Fancy cars and houses? No thanks. I hate "stuff". I grew up on message boards. In fact, my first experiences with a computer were with message boards. If there's one thing that I dislike about nested comments, it's that they make the community seem less cohesive. When everyone is commenting in a linear fashion on (roughly) the same topics, it makes for a tighter community. Nested comments, while better organized, just seem like a bunch of people having separate conversations. Message boards are like a group assembly. One person talks at a time, and everyone listens. Nested comments are like a crowd of people having individual conversations about the guy that just talked. Perhaps the question then becomes: how do we make a large community function like a small one? One idea: for every new "comment" on a story (that isn't a response) create a new instance of the story on the news feed. Example: I comment on this story, and you reply. [Newer online forums are worse at conversation] "I grew up on message boards. In fact, my ..." by keiferski | 2 comments Rinse/repeat for every new comment on the story. It would lead to more instances of the same story on the news feed, but would also lead to more in-depth comments. Of course, it would be very easy to organize (and hide) long lists of comments. Point taken, but: "If I had asked my customers what they wanted, they would have said a faster horse." - Henry Ford Someone has gotta be innovative. True, but this wasn't made clear, so I felt the need to "debunk". "Ask your customers what they want" is a common startup catch phrase, and while it does apply in many situations, it isn't as clear-cut and true as many seem to think. It belongs in the same bin as "execution is everything," "ideas are meaningless" and "you need a cofounder to succeed." Useful and oftentimes true, but by no means a universal truth. Or to have the complementary skills yourself. One person should usually do 80% of the talking. Going back and forth is just confusing - no reason to make a fair and democratic presentation. (This typically applies to presentations and pitches, but I think it works for interviews too.) Take a gap year and see what happens. If you succeed, awesome. Otherwise, go to school. Going to college immediately after HS was probably one of the worst decisions I've ever made. The notion that downvotes = disagreement. "The best way to predict the future is to invent it." The only thing to worry about is student loans; you typically have to start paying them back 6-12 months after dropping out. In general, though, you're right. The credits at my university are good for 11 years (after you stop going.) How are 7-year old emails from an ex-con convincing? The only "authority" that thinks they are convincing are some editors on BusinessWeek and Reuters. You're equating tech entrepreneurs with entrepreneurs on the whole. There's a big business world outside of tech. Case in point: Richard Branson. Arguably one of the most charismatic entrepreneurs around. I prefer a full-size treadmill in my cubicle. Seriously, though, try putting a BRM / Office Depot box on top of a standard-size desk. It's almost the perfect height, and you won't look like a fool. Even a public school education (at in-state rates) will run you 40-50k minimum these days. Well, to use my school as an example: In-state tuition is about 14-15k. Room and board is 5-6k. That's easily 20k a year (I paid north of 22k my first year) leading to 80-100k over four years. Not exactly something you can work through on a Unless you're exceptionally bright, poor, or unique, it isn't affordable. The vast majority of kids (read: average, middle class folks) get stuck paying 85% of the bill. Scholarships are pretty hard to come by for an above-average, white, middle class guy. College isn't as affordable for most as it was for you. I don't doubt it. I'm just saying that for your average person, college isn't cheap. It's cool that you made it work, but for the majority of the population, college isn't an affordable option. From the comments on his article: Some days I code for an hour or two, some days none, but sometimes all day long. Actually last weekend I pretty much never left the house. I coded the entire Friday-Sunday basically. From the comments on the article: Some days I code for an hour or two, some days none, but sometimes all day long. Actually last weekend I pretty much never left the house. I coded the entire Friday-Sunday basically. I'm actually a philosophy major, so I know how important liberal arts are. :) I'm interested in a wide, wide variety of areas, but I feel as if this thirst is better quenched online than in a specific semester-long course. There's more and better information online than any one introductory course will have. I'm not actually a programmer (I'm teaching myself how to program). I'm much more interested in business than your average programmer, so accounting might not be too boring. The reasons for enrolling are Internet, printing, workspace, and to keep the university job I currently have. I'm not entirely sure I will be taking a course, but I'd like to investigate all the options first. Over two syllables, not under two. This is definitely an underemphasized point. It could turn out like the radical 60s and subsequent conservative backlash of the 80s. It will eventually get old, either from a quick death (rejection of social altogether) or a slow death (commodification; Facebook/social media becoming a platform, like email). I think the bigger issue is the types of companies this line of thought promotes. How is your company going to change the world when you're planning on cashing out 3 years in? No wonder there are so many trendy and knockoff startups. All men are hungry. What separates the dangerous from the docile is what one feeds this hunger with - political power or food, in Caesar's case. No, get a standing desk. Average standing desk > the best chair. Yes, always try for the .com. Anything else is horribly confusing for non-technical people. Reminds me of a section in Richard Branson's book Losing my Virginity. He had just started Virgin Atlantic and was essentially the target of a smear campaign by British Airways. The future of Virgin was up in the air, more or less. During all of this, BBC (or some other station) did a short documentary on the situation. They interviewed him at an airfield for retired planes, somewhere in the Southwest US. Quite the ominous setting. (Can't find the exact quote anywhere, sorry) Under PPP, the Chinese economy will expand from $11.2 trillion this year to $19 trillion in 2016. Meanwhile the size of the U.S. economy will rise from $15.2 trillion to $18.8 trillion. That would take America’s share of the world output down to 17.7%, the lowest in modern times. China’s would reach 18%, and rising. So we won't be the top any longer, but we'll still be enormously dominant. So? Competition drives innovation. All the "America is doomed" folks act as if America is going to crumble to pieces simply because we are no longer the only gorilla in the room. Most importantly, there is less competition and markets are more open for conquest. 'Russia has many markets that are not dominated by anyone while in other countries similar markets have companies that are already worth billions', If that's the "most important reason," I think I'd rather go to Brazil, Africa, the Middle East, or virtually anywhere else that isn't going to lock me away for trivial things. (Not that the aforementioned countries don't have problems) Gattaca Can't help you with the specifics, but I have some notes from an INC article on negotiation. Might be useful (sorry for the horrible formatting, not much I can do: -- INC Magazine Topic: Negotiations 1. Before you get to the table a. Know your alternatives i. BATNA – best alternative to a negotiated agreement ii. Be comfortable with walking away b. Know your counterpart i. Research other company c. Know the standards i. Frame your proposal within the other’s standards 2. Opening Gambits a. Make an aggressive first offer i. Make a reasonable and defendable ii. Risky if your offer is too high or too low b. Present multiple, equivalent, simultaneous offers i. Offer counterpart multiple (equal) offers to see what they prefer 3. Responding to the Offer a. Make an aggressive counteroffer i. Stick to your own target price b. Consider showing your hand i. If counterpart is underestimating you, consider disclosing your BATNA c. Counter – no matter what i. Always have a counter offer, even if their first offer is ideal d. Take when you give i. When you do have to make a concession, diplomatically ask for a reciprocal concession e. Avoid consistency traps 4. Table Manners a. Talk face to face b. Sit at the corner of a table/side by side, not across a table c. Only talk to ask questions d. Mimic your opponent e. Act like little things are a big deal, so that you can easily drop them later While I agree with you, there was no need for the personal attack. If you disagree with someone, say it politely and directly. Don't call them stupid in a roundabout, passive aggressive way. How are people solving the problem now? What's the market size of these solutions? Comparing a town with ~300,000 people to a metropolitan area to a major city like SF/Bay Area isn't exactly a fair fight. Obviously SV is going to be better at almost everything. Compared to almost any city its size, Pittsburgh is awesome as far as cost of living, culture, education, and food go. And your sentiments about the culture here are a bit off. It's definitely much more blue-collar than SV, which may be why you get that impression. But it's a far cry from being anti-ambitious. PNC Virtual Wallet. The Flash interface is really irritating. Need to raise money != desperate for cash I once read that the 20th century was the domain of physics, and (by all predictions) the 21st century will be the domain of biology and chemistry. Perhaps the breakthrough advances are in those fields? "Everyone's doing it" isn't a valid excuse. Macjournal. It's alright, although I wish the hierarchical folder structure was more customizable. Try http://www.lulu.com Agreed. 9/10 posters are intent on disproving the article in one way or another, rather than actually learning something from it. "Critiquing articles on HN" likely isn't something they'll look favorably upon years from now. Maybe I'm just a Luddite, but I really don't like reading long-form literature on a computer or Kindle. Mostly because of the eyestrain, but also because of the physicality of the book (and the kindle/computer's lack of it). Still waiting for electronic paper...or something that lets me access the web's info in a physical, eye-pleasing way. Until then, I'll still be looking for the deadtree version first. Oh, yeah, I know what a Luddite is, and yeah, it wasn't the best word choice. I jokingly grasped at the word nearest to my situation - guy-who-doesn't-like-LCDs isn't quite as catchy. :) I'm as tech-savvy as anyone, but I prefer to work/read on standard paper if possible. (not a deadtree publisher though - just a guy with irritable eyes) Well, I don't know much about electronic paper, so I could be mistaken. I was thinking the ideal would be a physical book-like object whose pages were changeable. It's about physically having a book in my hands. The kindle, while more efficient, just feels awkward. To me, it's the same as reading on a computer, minus the eye strain. It has no style or substance, like a book; it's just a piece of plastic/metal. . Making money, he said, was not seen as a good thing to do. “The culture is changing, but it will take time.” There's your marketing problem. If being an entrepreneur was only about making money, I wouldn't want my culture to encourage it either. They should focus less on materialism and more on making a difference and creating jobs. I am talking about the marketing (or culture) of entrepreneurship. I.E. what the article is about. Not actual business principles. Spreadsheets and bottom lines aren't going to convince anyone to make the jump. It's really just a buzzword anymore. I'd say that startup = a relatively new business. Hence the (slightly antiquated) term, "startup business." A site that doesn't make money (or that doesn't have a business model) isn't a startup business, it's a website (or blog, or forum, or web app, etc.). I'm still waiting for mobile computer interfaces, a la some combination of Terminator vision glasses and Minority Report hand gloves. Standing at a desk is better than sitting, but why do we need a desk at all? I'd much rather dance while coding. Stop focusing on the results (being accomplished, getting things done, etc.) and learn to enjoy the process. Don't worry about working so you can enjoy a reward; learn to enjoy the work itself (or find something else that you do enjoy). Life's too short to waste time today for a potential reward tomorrow. I hate to sound like a hopeless optimist, but am I the only one that is a bit disheartened by the focus on studying/acing an exam, rather than actually, I don't know, learning something? As in, a focus on grades distracts students from the real point of an education. I'm of the opinion that you shouldn't even be at university if you're not foaming at the mouth to acquire the knowledge. Sure, there are classes that you won't enjoy regardless, but tactics to beat them should be an exception, not the rule. Agreed, there potentially is a need for some sort of "test" as to whether or not you learned the information. I'm just not sure if the standard question:answer format is really the best solution. Some form of essay or project seems like it would be more effective, to me. Meh, I'd rather have my kids(if I had any) create something of value, not just be on top of the latest web fad. Will a collection of tweets be worth keeping in 10 years? Of course, the argument could be made that Twitter/Tumblr are the modern day journal, but I'm not really buying that, primarily because there is no privacy. The word art , in the past, was used in the same way that we, today, use craft . So, it's not quite that simple. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Art But let's avoid an argument on the semantics of aesthetics and just leave it at that. Completely dependent on your market and product. As the other response noted, data points from other SaaS companies are useless unless said companies are identical to yours. SaaS is just a type of business model, not a type of market or product. I'm not the grandparent poster, but I think his point was: Programming is not the only thing that constitutes "getting your hands dirty," i.e. the "real work", and that anyone who thinks this is completely overlooking the importance of business principles. Always choose travel. Reminds me of an argument Plato (or was it Socrates?) made 2300 years ago. Essentially, he thought that all "unjust" people believe their actions to be "just" - they themselves thought they did the right thing. As such, these unjust people should not be punished for their lack of knowledge, but instead educated or rehabilited, as their unjust actions were simply a result of not knowing what the "just" really is. A modern metaphor for this might replace "knowledge of the just" with "biology that can resist impulse," or something similar. The problem, which was just as valid in Greece as it is now, is the question of "What is just?," or "Is a non-impulsive brain chemistry desirable?". Actually, now that you mention it, I believe Plato was (consciously or unconsciously, due to his aristocratic background) referring to the unjust in positions of power, maybe not so much criminals. As in, unjust men with long-term planning. In that case, it is a convincing argument. Consider that most dictators and despots seem to think they are in the right (Ww2, etc.) Compare this to "normal" criminals, who seem to have poor impulse control (lack of long-term planning. ) Of course, that has nothing to do with the article. I've brought up an argument and then dismissed it just as quickly :) I don't think Lettvin really cared about the books themselves - he just wanted to meet the type of people who reads them. I will look into those, thanks. (I am also 20). Hah, well, I'm not quite sure, hence this post. But after spending the past few months researching and meticulously laying out a conquer-the-world startup idea, I've come to the realization that I'm not quite prepared for it. It's going to require too much money and I don't have all of the necessary skills to get it off the ground. So, until I'm ready, I'm working on a couple smaller projects, both of which, coincidentally (or not), apply directly to the "big" idea. The goal is to make enough income from these projects in order to finance some travel (and the future startup.) Ideally, the skills from these smaller biz projects will prepare me for the big game down the line. -- As far as the big corporation vs. your own venture, my advice would be to try and develop your own things before you graduate. That way, it will be an easier decision in 2 years; either you need a job, or you don't. That said, I personally would go for my own venture, simply for the personal freedom. Running an online business that makes ~30k a year would be worth significantly more to me than a ~60k stationary full-time job. Yeah, you're probably right on the networking, although investors right now might be affected by the bubble situation. Networking in general is a good practice, though. I'm striving to be both the business and the engineer, although I have much more experience with business (family and small money-making projects I've done through the years.) Ideally, I'd like to build the site entirely myself and then bring on a technical wizard (for salary or a small chunk of equity) to be the CTO. Call me selfish, but I want to have control over my business - no huge dilution to co-founders and investors for me, thanks. From Will Durant's The Heroes of History , on da Vinci's work style: "Leonardo had no trouble explaining...that an artist's most important work lies in conception rather than in execution, and (as Vasari put it) 'men of genius do most when they work least.'" I'm with you on the athletes, but actors and musicians don't contribute to the advancement of humanity? I'm sorry, but you're quite mistaken. The notion that only technical fields are valuable is a very, very short-sighted mentality. Both technical and non-technical people provide value, and the proper way to get more of both isn't to attack those that are unlike you. Well, I don't think that hacker culture is particularly anything new. Using your definition, almost every revolutionary figure since the dawn of time was a "hacker," which obviously isn't true, in the literal sense. So, if anything, it would be like past revolutionary periods in history. Yes, you are right, and I thought that as soon as I posted it. Maybe a better answer is that the whole media frenzy around professional sports is the problem, not the sport itself. The flaws in that line of reasoning are A) the notion that eating fatty food and sitting in a chair all day is the peak of "pleasure" or "satisfaction", which in my opinion is a very shallow viewpoint. The accomplishment of running a marathon or achieving a related athletic goal is much more satisfying than cheetos, to me at least. B) the notion that every person's 60-80 years are equal regardless of health choices. Eating healthily and exercising make my life better now in ways that cheetos can't. Even if an unhealthy person and a healthy person both died at 60, the quality of life during those 60 years would no doubt be higher for the latter. Reminder to HN: read the article before commenting, please. "And such is the supreme folly of man that he labours so as to labour no more, and life flies from him while he forever hopes to enjoy the goods which he has acquired at the price of great labour." - Leonardo da Vinci Figure out how to build your startup while maintaining a normal lifestyle. Working 15 hours a day isn't sustainable, nor is it desirable. My guess: because too many of today's startups are more concerned with the profitable exit than they are with building a diverse, long-lasting organization. Actually, historians argue about the level of impact da Vinci had on science, with many saying "not very much." This is because his notebooks were not published for centuries after his death. Most of his "scientific observations" were only to quench his personal curiosity. In a sense, then, we can all still become da Vincis. Da Vinci was big on learning from experience, rather than by reading the works of others. Nothing is stopping a person alive today from observing nature and learning from it, in the same manner of Leonardo. Will you be learning things that are already in a book somewhere? Most likely, yes, but I think that isn't really the point; the quest for knowledge may be more important than the acquistion of it. Also, consider that many breakthroughs/innovations are from new entrants to a field# ie those who aren't experts in the new field. (Of course this may not apply to science as much as another field, but it's worth pondering regardless) #See "The Medici Effect" Speaking as a student, I'm still confused as to why we need the textbook industry at all for certain subjects. Is it really necessary to make an annual book for subjects that don't change significantly from year to year? I've personally seen new editions feature nothing but shuffling of the contents. They've even started selling "loose-leaf" editions, meaning that it's just a collection of binder-punched pages. Why? No new textbooks = no used textbooks = no competition from third party vendors selling used textbooks. No one wants to buy a bunch of pages in a binder. Seems to me that an open-source textbook should be written once and updated incrementally as needed. Up-to-date information could be available online for those with slightly dated textbooks. Of course, the universities, McGraw Hill, Chegg, Amazon, and numberless other interests wouldn't gain much from this situation. It would settle the question for past companies in established markets, not new companies in new markets. Would evaluations of US Steel and Standard Oil apply to (early 2000s)Google and (early 1980s)Microsoft, in terms of your proposed arguments? That's the problem with basing all future predictions on past data; Mr. Rachleff also questioned Google’s reliance on its algorithms. “There’s no analysis to be done when you’re evaluating a company that’s creating a new market, because there’s no market to analyze,” he said. “You have to apply judgment.” The point is that a system-wide focus on selling to the government isn't desirable. Likewise, I would think that a system-wide focus on selling to venture capitalists to be similarly undesirable. The NY subway isn't a good comparison, at all. Most people would still use and pay for the subway, even it were privatized. On the contrary (which is specifically stated in the article) the rent-a-bikes don't seem to be needed by consumers. Whether consumers really want the bikes is unknown, but that isn't the point he's making. "I know that I know nothing, therefore I am wise." - Socrates Well, it's not that I disagree with these comments, or that I'm only looking for ones that "make me feel happy and warm inside." My point was that a large portion of comments are focused on attacking the post, and that just seems unnecessary to me. I would say: come up with a better idea. I know it's in vogue to claim that "ideas are worthless' and "it's already been done before", but quite honestly, I think that's crap. Personally (me, one individual) have 4-5+ solid "ideas" with significant market research behind them. None of them have competitors, whatsoever, and all of them solve huge problems in the marketplace. The only thing holding me back is a lack of technical skill, which I am solving by learning how to program. So, that being said, I would think a little harder. Rome wasn't built in a day, and an original idea isn't likely to come in a weekend. Thought from left field: Have you considered starting a cough lifestyle business, or less-controversially, working as a contractor for The idea would be to earn a decent living from a part-time source, and spend the rest of your time learning new languages, tools, etc. In other words, disconnect your dreams from your job. If jobs aren't fulfilling you, change your definition of "job" to "something that pays the bills." It's poor professionalism and poor writing, not poor self-preservation. I doubt that the writer is putting himself in danger by calling someone an imbecile. Thanks for the link, I did not know of them. Unfortunately, we don't get many tourists around here (not that I'm surprised...heh.) You are probably right on the cost, though. I didn't want to make my post any longer, but I've also considered having 2 types of tours: a group (up to 10 people) standardized tour with a pre-planned route, for $10 a person, or a private, customized tour for $25-$30 per person. That would work out to: $50 for a 5 person public tour $75-90 for a 3 person private tour Which is a bit more reasonable. Correct, $30 per tour. You are right, though. The slight difference would be that we wouldn't lose money on the non-booked time; there's no commute or overhead, other than the website and some printed materials. I, or my tour guides, wouldn't have any significant prep time for each tour. I mentioned it in another comment, but perhaps a split model would work better: $10/person public generic tour vs. $30/person private customized tour. Rather than looking for work on-site, I would try working remotely. You'll have a much bigger market to sell your skills to. Can't really help you as far as specific sites or employers go, but it seems to be fairly common. Related (and interesting): A peculiarity perhaps unique to a handful of languages, English included, is that the nouns for meats are commonly different from, and unrelated to, those for the animals from which they are produced, the animal commonly having a Germanic name and the meat having a French-derived one. Examples include: deer and venison; cow and beef; swine/pig and pork; and sheep/lamb and mutton. This is assumed to be a result of the aftermath of the Norman conquest of England, where an Anglo-Norman-speaking elite were the consumers of the meat, produced by lower classes, which happened to be largely Anglo-Saxon[citation needed], though this same duality can also be seen in other languages like French, which did not undergo such linguistic upheaval (e.g. boeuf "beef" vs. vache "cow"). With the exception of beef and pork, the distinction today is gradually becoming less and less pronounced (venison is commonly referred to simply as deer meat, mutton is lamb, and chicken is both the animal and the meat over the more traditional term poultry. (Use of the term mutton, however, remains, especially when referring to the meat of an older sheep, distinct from lamb; and poultry remains when referring to the meat of birds and fowls in general. Use of the term swineflesh for pork, is also widespread, especially in religious contexts) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_language Not sure why this has turned into another airbnb discussion. It was only a few paragraphs of the post, which was for the most part valid. Attacking the author's background or interests is completely beyond the point, and at some level, only supports his argument; nothing could be more petty. Question: is NYC as strong a place to found a startup as SF/the valley? Obviously the valley is where many companies are hqed, but NYC's urban atmosphere is much more appealing to me than suburban California. Interesting how this might be confined to tech, due to the shorter product cycles. Case in point: Richard Branson and Virgin's empire. Technically, they're (Virgin Group) a branded vc firm, but Branson himself is a chairman, not a CEO, and I believe that he wasn't the CEO for the companies that he started either (the name Nik Powell rings a bell.) Taken as such, perhaps it's not that hired CEOs are useless intrinsically(as the tech world loves to believe) but merely are good at operating in existing industries (Virgin Records wasn't the first record company, Virgin Atlantic wasn't the first airline, etc.) Look into 37Signals, specifically David Heinemeier Hansson. They're always giving speeches/talks about running a business with reasonable work hours. What's with the constant "you need to get a co-founder" advice? It almost seems like insecurity: "well, if you don't get a co-founder (like us), you're doomed! Better give up now." There are plenty of companies that started with a solo founder, and starting a company solo is better than not starting one at all. Not everyone has the ability or desire to spend 6 months hunting for that perfect cofounder. The exit strategy of someone else is also going to be different, which in my mind is a huge issue. Personally, I despise the idea of an acquisition (vs. building a long-term organization), whereas a majority of the industry feels (and caters to) the contrary. Each additional cofounder increases the likelihood of the "cash-out" mentality and gives one less control of the company's future. Branson actually wasn't a single founder; see Nik Powell. 1 That said, he owned the majority of the company and more or less made the final decision. Perhaps the moral of this story is that one person should ultimately have the final say. 1. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nik_Powell Having read multiple Branson biographies, I can assure you that he had (and has) help. Edit: Branson may be the sole founder of Virgin Group, which is a holding company. He definitely was not the sole founder or Virgin Records, Virgin Atlantic, or Student . Because not every business is composed of four hackers around a kitchen table? Any word on whether the course materials will be available in the future, or if the course itself will be offered in the future? Not sure if you're American, but "graduates" typically means "one who graduates from a Bachelor's program", at least in this context. Most of your selected quotes are (probably) referring to programmers who only have a Bachelor's in CS. Like every single article on the subject, the author fails to propose an alternate credential system that will replace college. Will some academics (like the author) lose their jobs to technology? Probably, but that has little to do with the credential aspect of a degree. Outside of the silicon valley/ tech industry, it's impossible to get a decent job without a degree. You can't get a job as a secretary without a degree these days. There is a bubble in Silicon Valley, but it's not an economic one... I see that the name has a story behind it, but most people will be seriously turned off by a website named "Dead Grandma Cookies." Definitely look into changing that. The fact that one can even get into Harvard or MIT puts said individual leaps and bounds above the average student. Saying that some 1% of kids can get an affordable education at top schools is really quite irrelevant. Those don't address the credential aspect of a degree program. H.u.v.a. Network - distances. Think space ambient music with an imaginative beat. I think two spaces are enough Not sure why some have such a negative reaction to dressing well/looking good (#3). Look good, feel good is my motto. Realize that you have a huge amount of power and ability. There are thousands of people like me: tons of ideas but no technical knowledge to implement them. Many people would kill for the ability to build an idea at will. You've got the power; don't waste it. Whatever happened to just "being a utility"? All of these new features really don't line up with Zuckerberg's vision of Facebook.* *At least my impression of his vision, given that he often describes Facebook as a utility. Edit: sorry, what did I say that was so offensive? In every single interview I've seen with Zuckerberg, he talks about Facebook being a utility. How does adding various features (like the timeline) correspond with that at all? Thanks for the response. I actually have a ton of ideas and have done market validation. The problem I have is of implementation. “A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.” - Bruce Lee EverNote has always worked well for me. My only issue with it is that notebooks can only be nested one level deep. Just another refrain of a trite startup buzz theory. No, your ideas don't matter if they're not good ideas to begin with. A community for software developers isn't a good idea, and neither were any of the others mentioned. Keeping your idea semi-secret makes sense when it has no/weak competitors, not when it's a Web 2.0 social search engine. I think there's definitely some value in taking time off to figure out where you're going (and where you want to be.) Keeping your head down and finishing for the sake of finishing is probably not going to end well; you'll be in debt, you will have lost the opportunity cost of your time in school, and you still might not know what you want to do. Don't be the guy who's in debt from a degree in a field he doesn't want to work in. No need for the hostility. My point was that continuing on along a path (staying in school) might not be the best action, and oftentimes it's hard to step back and get a sense of things when you're fulltime in school. Not to mention the debt you'll acquire and time you'll waste going down a wrong path. Unfortunately Florida is much, much less expensive than almost anywhere else. A college education from a decent university in Pennsylvania will run you about 15k a year (University of Pittsburgh or Penn State). Throw in living costs and tuition increases, and you're looking at 80-100k easily for 4 years. He said make money, not be profitable. If you don't have a business model, you're not a company. Alternatively, go to school abroad (specifically, Europe.) Tuition is often less than $3,000 USD annually, and you're in a completely different environment, which (hopefully) will expand your mind more than Podunk U. A liberal arts education is just as worth it today as it was 300 years ago. The current problem is that the cost of a liberal arts degree has spiraled out of control. There's no reason why an English or Philosophy degree needs to cost $15k a year. Making everyone an engineer or scientist isn't the answer. A startup business is supposed to make money. Don't get caught up in the "oh, we'll worry about revenues later" nonsense. If you have no idea how your startup will make money, get the job at Apple. Will: See, the sad thing about a guy like you is in 50 years you're gonna start doing some thinking on your own and you're gonna come up with the fact that there are two certainties in life. One, don't do that. And two, you dropped a hundred and fifty grand on an education you could of got for a dollar fifty in late charges at the public library. Clark: Yeah, but I will have a degree. And you'll be servin' my kids fries at a drive-thru on our way to a skiing trip. Unfortunately, I think that more and more liberal arts majors/grads are coming to this realization. It's become increasingly obvious that the degree is not worth the debt. Been to Starbucks lately? 9/10 of the employees there have a degree. (And in an ironic twist, the guy with the degree won't be the one going on a skiing trip; he'll be the one serving fries.) Obviously not.. it's just a movie. The point is that a liberal arts degree might not be worth going into serious debt for, especially when you can get 90% of the same information for free at the library. That's not to say that liberal arts degrees are "useless"; far from it. But not everyone has 30k+ lying around to indulge in a degree just for fun. I don't think he is saying that a liberal arts degree is a waste, or that the subjects you study are useless. He is saying that, unless you have a ton of money lying around, seriously rethink that expensive "useless" degree. If you're wealthy enough or you already have earning power enough that you can decide to pursue a degree or advanced education in something that will not help you earn a living then more power to you, but I suspect that that is a very minor fraction of the population. Another effect this will have on the start-up scene is that if you build your company in 'The Valley' that companies like Google will be competing with you for talent. You may have an upside from being in the SV eco-system in the first place, however you may find yourself paying a lot more for developers than if you were in a place where parties with pockets as deep as Google are rare. Headquarters in Silicon Valley, development somewhere else might be a good strategy if you want to keep the burn rate under control. Any thoughts on this? Can a small startup compete with the Googles and Apples in the Valley? I've always used Mockingbird. http://www.gomockingbird.com Very true, but there's no need to assign developers as "inspiring experts" and entrepreneurs as "wealthy people." 10/10 of the wealthiest people are not successful because they wanted to be rich, they're successful because they enjoy business and entrepreneurship. These people aren't any different than you; they just have different interests. It ultimately comes down to your personal interests. Like business? Be an entrepreneur. Like programming and computer science? Be a developer. The only thing not to be is in it only for the money. Ive is much more responsible for Apple's current renaissance than Wozniak. There's a lot of similar material on http://www.coolhunting.com/video There's actually one about this same guy from 2008: http://www.coolhunting.com/tech/cut-brooklyn-kn.php Cute, but I don't buy the business. For starters, how are any of the "152 average guests" apart of the target market? Last time I checked, the only people who buy wedding dresses are...the 2 people getting married, and their immediate family. That brings their inflated metric of 448.2 million potential customers down to...2-5 million, globally. Sorry, but when you pull out ridiculous statements like "8% of the Earth's population is in our target market!" , you look inexperienced. You might as well say "Our target market is 6-7 billion, because everyone wants to get married." Reminds me of a scene in Boiler Room : Ask him questions. Ask him rhetorical questions. It doesn't matter, just get a 'yes' out of him. If you were drowning and I threw you a life jacket, would you grab it? Yes. Good. Pick up 200 shares. I won't let you down. Ask him if he wants to see 30-40% returns. What's he gonna say, 'no, I don't want to see those returns'? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izOIOvguncU&feature=relat... (possibly nsfw, language) Yes, thank you. Hiding behind silly web apps doesn't help anyone. BUT, "telling people to fuck off" isn't much better. A polite "hey, I'm trying to get some stuff done, I'll be with you soon" is sufficient. "Pre-revenue" seems like such a ridiculous term. It should only be used post-revenue to describe the period of time...pre-revenue. Unless, of course, that every startup founder is a pre-billionaire. ;P Nope, the common argument is "it doesn't matter what degree, as long as you have one." This is repeated at all levels (high school teachers, college students, parents, college tour guides, etc.) In what universe is starting a company with no clear revenue stream a good thing? After this rain, the car needs washed, too. It doesn't get much more short-sighted than this. What happens in 20 years if engineers are everywhere and can't get work? Instead, let's make liberal arts degrees cheaper. There's no reason why a Philosophy or English degree needs to cost 15k+ a year. It's been said before, and it needs said again: a liberal arts education is just as valuable today as it was 300 years ago. The current problem is one of cost, not of value. If the objective is to maximize short-term economic gains, then yes, that would work. If the objective is to create well-rounded, cross-disciplinary citizens, then no, that is a horrible idea. Regardless, I think it's a false dichotomy. Why does one have to be expensive while the other is cheap? And why can't someone get both a liberal arts education and a "practical" education? I see no reason why a student can't pay 5k for a 2-3 year liberal arts degree, and then go on to (competitively-priced) a 2-3 year engineering degree. Look into IDEO (a world-class design firm) and their prototyping methods. They're really good at getting to the core of an idea with the limited materials available (as an example: they prototyped a surgeon's tool with a sharpie and some tape.) Work hard. Cry less. And realize you’re part of history No, sorry, but you probably aren't. Zynga isn't changing the world and neither are 99.9% of the startups coming out of SV. The over-working culture is exactly that - a culture. It has nothing to do with actual reality, and everything to do with perceived reality. Great, long-term companies aren't built by entrepreneurs who sleep 2 hours a night. P.S.: not getting enough sleep decreases productivity. The 37Signals guys have covered this a few hundred times at this point. I also seem to recall Richard Branson saying that he "needs his 8 hours." Take that 100k and move somewhere that isn't NYC or the valley. Assuming you're 24, have no spouse or kids, and no other expenses, 100k will go a long way in many parts of the country. Here in Pittsburgh, you can live like a reasonably well off college student on 1k a month. Can't help you on the visa though, I'm not familiar with how that works. Somehow, I feel like those being critical are posting from a SF coffeeshop, sipping a $5 latte, planning the next social-deals-crowd-sourced "startup". The man is more of an entrepreneur than most of the people on this site, myself included. What makes it even more inspiring is that he didn't have a 150k offer from Google to fall back on. Well, no. If you can get hired by Google, you get get hired by any other company in the valley. A person from the hood# who sells candy bars to survive is not in that category. #mentioned in the article. Seeing that it is optional to report your ethnicity, I'm kind of surprised that anyone (other than those who get an advantage) would do so. The admissions system is already arbitrary as hell. Nah, it's for a different demographic. Khan Academy is primarily for high schoolers, whereas MIT is for college students (and beyond). MIT OCW could definitely learn something about design and ease of use from Khan Academy, though. Enough of the exit topics already. This has been covered before: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3304359 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1517191 http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1511104 Entrepreneurship should be about building great companies, not about the millions you'll make from an exit. Yeah, sorry if I came across as hostile. There have just been multiple topics/stories on this in the past few weeks. Hopefully the links I provided have the information you're looking for. Why does any criticism of technology instantly get labeled as technophobia or luddism? Is it not good to ask why technology X is in your life, and if you want it to be? Having no cofounder is better than having a bad one, and starting a company solo is better than not starting one at all. Don't get too hung up on the latest startup / incubator trends; plenty of companies have been started with one founder. Just go out and do it. This isn't Reddit. You can make your point without being smarmy about it. And yet Apple is/was the most valuable company in the world, largely due to design. Saying "design is horseshit" makes about as much sense as saying "engineering is horseshit" or "writing well is horseshit". Read: it makes absolutely no sense. Luckily, business isn't a field where only the young make an impact: Colonel Sanders started KFC at 65, Henry Ford started Ford Motor Company at 34...most entrepreneurs aren't 25. Also, consider architecture: most architects don't hit their prime until 50. But yeah, life is short, so don't waste too much time. As someone who's in a similar position (I did drop out of college, partly to build a company, but partly because it didn't make sense at the time): 1. Your idea sucks, so don't drop out of school to start it. You need to find a better idea. 2. See if you can take a leave of absence, and also see how long your credits are good for. For example, my uni's credits are good for 11 years; if I twiddled my thumbs for 10 years, then came back, I would (presumably) have lost nothing. In the final analysis, you should drop out of college for reasons that have nothing to do with the college itself. In other words, drop out because it won't help you get to where you want to go, or because you have other things to do. But don't drop out simply because it's boring or because you want to stick it to the man. Once/if you drop out, you'll realize that.. no one really cares either way. Likewise, don't stay in school because it seems like the safe thing to do. Life isn't a checklist, and you need to have a good reason for whatever you're doing with your time. The idea of "using a degree as a backup plan" is no different than "finishing a degree in the future as a backup plan", as far as I'm concerned. Being an anti-college revolutionary is all great when you're in school, but once you leave your school's ecosystem, you'll realize that it's exactly that - a small part of the world. (this is all from personal experience.) Sorry, that was a poor choice of words, and I apologize. But I still think it's a bad idea, if only because you're going up against multiple billion dollar companies. You're essentially a novice climber who wants his first climb to be Everest. Business isn't easy; you'll need every advantage you can get. My advice (and what I'm personally doing, after being in almost the same situation as you) is to build a smaller business first, specifically something that does not require a network effect to be useful. In other words, a product that is useful to a single customer without any other users. See stuff by 37signals and most SaaSs in general for examples. The end point is really that business is hard, and it's infinitely harder when you go after something huge like eBay on your first try. That's not being bold, it's being foolish. Why not build something smaller to learn more about business, make a good bit of money from that, and then take on eBay? It is quite a bit easier to build a 100k/year company than a 100million/year company. Plus, you'll have money to bootstrap your company. Reminds me of a Buddhist monk quote: "The greatest problems of humanity are psychological, not material." - Lama Yesh Read the classics. Learn how to paint/draw/sculpt. Travel to random places. Keep a journal on what you want to do with your future. After a few years of the above, you should have a much better idea as to what you want. Jumping from one intense startup to another (or into a random job) won't give you time to sit back and reflect. Not exactly curriculum, but I really, really, really recommend the (fictional) book "The Last Samurai" by Helen DeWitt. It's about a young mother homeschooling her prodigy son, and is set in London. Easily one of the most inspiring books I've ever read. http://www.amazon.com/LAST-SAMURAI-Helen-Witt/dp/B0014JOL1A/... Try http://www.lynda.com An unlimited monthly pass will run you $25 ($37.50 if premium). Their library is quite large. Having been a "minimalism-addict", I've come to the conclusion that the best part is the act of getting rid of things , not the act of having few things . Getting rid of junk is liberating; living with 15 things is just a pain in the ass. This is really just business 101. Outside of the tech startup world, most businesses aren't launched without significant market research. That's mostly a result of the upfront costs (huge in real-world vs. tiny in tech). Of course, both approaches have their plusses and minuses. A good portion of a degree's value is in its branding/prestige value. It's not just about the knowledge, it's about the overall reputation of an educational institution. The material at Penn State is 99% the same as MIT's. If this weren't the case, MIT and Stanford would have lost their luster to public schools decades ago. Unfortunately I don't see a degree from a website named "Udacity" garnering anywhere near the level of respect that a traditional university has. Step 1 to bringing down the university system: pick a decent name. I'm all for eliminating the term startup entirely. You're either a website or an online business. Pretty simple. Thanks for the book suggestion. Do you think that the hand-drawn approach is more effective because it's hand-drawn, or because most textbooks are not hand-drawn? I.E., is a casual style better because it is intrinsically better, or because it's merely different? I haven't personally had this issue, but have you considered incorporating and paying yourself a salary? I've spent the better part of the last year or so learning everything about naming, and this is the result. Creating a name is a problem that every new startup (or product) faces, and for most people, it's a time-consuming and difficult process. There are a lot of naming firms out there, but almost all of them are too expensive for a small startup (most charge $10,000 - $20,000+ minimum) and have questionable results. So, I (along with a few part-time friends) set out to offer a better product for a reasonable price - $299 per project. Since we're just starting out, the first 10 customers will get 50% off ($149). A common question is "why wouldn't I just create a name myself?". Our answer is: if you want to make your own name, go ahead - many companies have. Check out our site for some naming tips. But, the idea is that if you're an average person, it's probably a waste of your time and your company's time. Not to mention that it's probably not your expertise (naming is as much a skill as anything else). Some quick math: let's say you're worth $50-100 an hour (an average tech professional). If you spend any more a few hours, you're losing money. As many founders can attest, it can take weeks (and sometimes even months) to run through the naming process and come out with a winner - and it might not even be a good name. It really just comes down to economics: specialization is vastly more efficient - you're good at X, and we're good at naming. All in all, you get quite a bit for your money. Each project comes with a detailed PDF report that analyzes each of the 5 names according to our methodology, which includes every metric you could possibly think of. ---- I'd be glad to answer any questions here, or via email at (Contact at Nomvilla.com). ---- Some links (from the nav bar): How we create and analyze names: http://www.nomvilla.com/methodology Names we've created: http://www.nomvilla.com/portfolio Case studies and other articles: http://www.nomvilla.com/case-studies An example of the report you'll receive (PDF): http://nomvilla.com/wp-content/uploads/images/Nomvilla-Sampl... Yep, you've got it. Nom is the Latin root for "name" and the N-vowel-M form lends it to basically every Western European language (Nom in French, Nome in Italian, Nombre in Spanish, Namn in Swedish, etc.) A villa is an upscale country house, usually in the Mediterranean or S America. Together they mean "a high class naming house", which is the brand we're trying to convey. I'd actually recommend using a variation of the .com instead of the naming hack. I.E. use GoKaolinite.com instead of Kaolini.te . Unless you're targeting tech-savvy people, domain hacks can be confusing. Then, once you've gotten traction/investors, buy the .com. Fair enough, but I trust the US government more than Libya, even if both can be unreliable. Safest thing is to buy both. But you don't necessarily need to use Go - try NameHQ, NameNow, or GetName. You're right in that many sites don't have a prefix or suffix in their domain - but that's because they have the name itself (not a naming hack). My ranking is Name.com > NameHQ.com > Na.me (the HQ can be any suffix.) The .com is critical. I've also written an article about this which you may find useful: http://nomvilla.com/blog/exact-matching-domain-names/ I don't think its necessarily contradictory... more poorly worded. The name should hint at what it does, either through a direct correlation to the business, like Facebook, or by describing a quality the business has, like Amazon ("large selection of goods"). The idea here is to be "Facebook", not "College Students Directory". In other words, hint at the business while still being untied to anything specific. Thanks for the feedback; I'll revise the copy. Some links: Hire us: http://www.nomvilla.com/naming-services How we create and analyze names: http://www.nomvilla.com/methodology Names we've created: http://www.nomvilla.com/portfolio Case studies and other articles: http://www.nomvilla.com/case-studies An example of the report you'll receive (PDF): http://nomvilla.com/wp-content/uploads/images/Nomvilla-Sampl... I should probably have them redirect to a parked page. All of them are owned by me personally (for personal projects or for friends/clients). Thanks for the feedback and good luck. I am actually planning on offering an all-in-one name-logo-business card package, which seems to be more substantial. Just get a pair of iPhone earbuds (with a microphone). That way you can pretend to be on the phone. (self-plug: I run a naming company) - Mint's name definitely helped them, and Wesabe's name definitely hurt them. In short, Mint's name is simple and straightforward, which helped users trust them with financial information. Wesabe's was neither. http://nomvilla.com/blog/how-mint-beat-wesabe/ - Under Armour's founder thinks that the name helped win over athletes (getting big tough guys to wear leotard-lookalikes) http://nomvilla.com/blog/how-under-armours-name-won-over-ear... - FeeFighters' business increased 25x after they changed their name from Transparent Financial Services http://nomvilla.com/blog/feefighters-new-name/ I think it's either "Zort" like Xavier, or "Exort", where you pronounce the X as a letter. 1. Mint's relation to a color that has good associations is a good thing. Mint = green, clean, fresh. I also think it's pretty obvious that Wesabe is difficult to communicate, especially compared to Mint. 2. UnderArmour: ok, but we're talking about naming in general here. The brand positioning of your company matters no matter what market you're in. A social network targeting seniors isn't going anywhere if it's named "L33tHacke.rs". 3. Correlation doesn't equal causation, etc. etc. but you're probably never going to get an isolated experiment involving a name. The market is too complex and the early stages of a company are too hectic to isolate any one cause for success. If it were that easy we'd have discovered the secret to success by now. In short: they had issues with their name; they changed their name; a lot of good things happened. Take that as you will. -- EDIT: the article is actually titled: "How a new name HELPED grow FeeFighers' business 25x". So my comment is the only thing in error. From the article: Problems with the name: We kept talking to customers on the phone, or in email, and they would say things like “How do you spell your name again? What’s your domain name?” Or, “I mentioned you to one of my friends.” We’re like, “Well, why didn’t they ever come back? We never actually heard from your friend.” It turned out that they had forgotten our name, because it wasn’t memorable enough. After the name change: Since we’ve changed the name [from TransFS to FeeFighters], we’ve raised a million and a half of additional capital. We have added five people to the team. We’ve grown our customer base 25X. And we’re growing like 30 percent over month to month. So it’s been a really, really good year. Go for the masters - it'll be harder to get it later, and if you put in the work, benefits are guaranteed. A startup can go wrong in innumerable ways, so don't get hung up on a particular one. "Opportunities are like trains - there's always another one coming." - Richard Branson I started a company that names new startups and products - http://www.nomvilla.com . It's going okay so far, but I'm working on a name-logo-business card package. Generally speaking, it's better to have a straightforward domain than a short one (if you can't have both). In other words, TaskMessenger.com is better than TSKMG.com 13 isn't too long. StackOverflow and Huffington Post both have more than 13 letters. A big thing that no one has mentioned: if you ever want to work in a field outside of tech, you'll probably need a degree. I don't know about your personal situation, but I sure as hell didn't know how I wanted to spend the rest of my work life doing at 18 (and I still don't 4 years later.) Not going to college would have only stunted my growth and left me staring down the same potential paths. College forces you to be exposed to the world in ways that a typical job can't. The question shouldn't be: to go or not to go to college? It should be "when?". Taking a year off to travel or volunteer is an excellent idea; going to work for some random startup isn't. EDIT: some more thoughts: - programming as we know it today may not exist in 20 years. The 100k+ salaries and limitless job openings won't last forever, and you may be stuck with nothing but work experience in a field that's changed significantly. - college isn't that difficult. I'm not sure what schools you can get into (or are planning on getting into) but unless it's Stanford, MIT, or Ivy League (or other top 20 schools), you'll probably be able to build a startup on the side. If you can get into a top 20 school, go, no questions asked. A little startup isn't worth screwing up that experience. I run a naming company, and you might find our methodology and case studies pages useful: http://nomvilla.com/methodology http://nomvilla.com/case-studies As far as your specific questions go: 1) The name is the first impression when someone sees the site via other media; i.e. a news article, or word-of-mouth, or an email. It can be the first impression when someone visits your site, but the logo and general design of the site can be the immediate first thing. In either case, the name is in the top 5 things a user first notices, and like a horrific site design, a really bad name can turn off some users. 2) The best possible scenario is an emotional company name with a descriptive product name. Apple: human, small, unlike cold, sterile computer companies of the time. iPhone: descriptive and straightforward. iMac: likewise. If you don't have a separate company and product name, try to pick something that's in the middle. Don't be overly descriptive, but still try to have the name relate to your company, even in a tangential way. Let's be honest now: if Google was pursuing your for months, and you've worked for Microsoft and Amazon, you aren't the average college student. Most people can't get a job for 50k+ out of school. And that's not even mentioning the fact that this is limited to consumer tech companies. The soundtrack for The Social Network by Reznor and Ross is my staple. It's all instrumental with a good beat, and gets me in the entrepreneurial mindset. Hand Covers Bruise: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SBNCYkSceU In Motion: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yczul_609Gg&feature=relat... Outside of that, anything techno-trance or industrial works. I definitely don't like too many voices, it's distracting. 1. I don't make the hiring decisions at most companies. Fact is, at most companies outside of the HN-SV-tech startup world, a degree shows that you're competent, and you're facing an uphill battle without one. 2. College exposes you to subjects that you normally wouldn't be exposed to. Being an engineer is a respectable profession, but if you've never actually tried other subjects, how could you know if it's the right career for you? Or for that matter, how would you be exposed to some of the best things in life, like literature and art? Sure, you could just go to the library, but quite frankly, most people don't know what they don't know . College isn't going to make you into a Renaissance man, but a few years of courses in various subjects will help you develop into a more well-rounded person. 3. I agree that outside-the-classroom experience is essential, but working at a random startup company isn't going to expose you to anything except running a business and the narrow niche it occupies. Great stuff for learning about entrepreneurship, but useless when it comes to basically anything else. You aren't going to learn about humanism or the philosophy of science at your web 2.0 app startup. 4. You'd have a degree, which shows a baseline of competence and is required for advancement in many companies. 5. Starting a business is better than working at a little startup, in my opinion. And there's no reason why you can't do one or both while in school. 6. Not arguing with you about grades, but that's missing the point. College shouldn't be about getting good grades, it should be about broadening your experience of life. If you spent 4 years locked in a room studying engineering, then yes, you'd be better off not going. Woah man, you've really got some deep problem with college - you've written half a book on this page. Step out of the black-and-white world where college = follower and dropout = leader. It's perfectly possible to go to college and not be a "coasting weak success." For many people, college is a good experience. An experience worth 100k in debt? Probably not, but that's an extreme example. Maybe college wasn't for you. But it sure seems like you've got a massive chip on your shoulder, especially with lines like "having a college degree shows a certain timidity and inability to think for oneself, to me anyway." Stanford's course is often recommended. I just started going through it myself. http://itunes.apple.com/us/itunes-u/ipad-iphone-application-... Go back to Reddit, thanks. I think it helps to remember that the most influential (or smartest, etc.) people in history didn't have a whole lot of resources. Compare Shakespeare and Nietzsche to Vanderbilt and Rockefeller. Will anyone care about the latter two in 100 years? If you're chasing fame or "impact", building Google might not be the answer. I'm working on step 2 of a naming company (we create names for new startups and products). The plan is to offer a package with a name, logo, and business card, so I'm working on my logo design skills and bringing in some more designers. Also, I'm building an copy editing service that's more transparent and straightforward. Most editors have complicated pricing schemes that vary depending on the topic, document type and whether they charge by the hour or by the number of words. Instead, I'm charging a flat fee per word, no matter what the project, and you'll be able to customize other features (like delivery date, format, etc.) Hoping to get both startups rolling by the end of June. Yep, Nomvilla. ( http://nomvilla.com ) Richard Branson is known for being fit. http://www.quora.com/Richard-Branson/How-does-Richard-Branso... http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-2003255/Sir-Richar... http://www.mensfitness.com/leisure/sports/fit-to-fly I actually run a company that creates names, so I'd love to help :) http://www.nomvilla.com But if you'd rather do it yourself, I still recommend reading our methodology and case studies - there's a lot of good info in there, in terms of finding the right name. http://nomvilla.com/methodology/ http://nomvilla.com/case-studies "Nom" is the Latin root for "name" in pretty much every European language (Nom in French, Nome in Italian, Nombre in Spanish, etc.) and a villa is an upper class country house, so together, it's "Naming House". Sad to see no mention of Hume (in the article or comments). He figured out the limitations of science 300-ish years ago. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Hume#Hume.27s_.22Science_... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Problem_of_induction Unfortunately, you only get to write these sorts of posts when what you love is economically in demand. A bunch of disjunct thoughts: 1. If you aren't profitable now, and don't expect to be anytime soon, will you ever be? Don't forget that the purpose of a business is to make money and sustain itself, not merely to exist for as long as possible. 2. Let's say you have X dollars, which can be used either for keeping a startup afloat or for finishing your degree. Imagine it's a year from now, and you've spent X. Either you'll have a degree (something that shows an accomplishment) or you'll have work experience at a defunct startup. Maybe you will have become profitable, but it doesn't sound like you're trying that hard. 3. HN probably isn't the best place to ask if a degree is worth it. You'll get a lot of extreme answers from people in the anti-college camp. 4. I don't have any personal experience with working for companies, but I'd imagine that a degree would look much, much better than an extra year at a failed startup. Especially considering that you worked on it for 1-2+ years and still didn't make money (assuming you don't.) This sentiment will only increase as the company gets larger; a small startup may understand that you learned a lot from a failed startup, but a mid-size company or larger will assume you just dicked around for a few years. 5. A degree more or less sticks with you for the rest of your career, especially if it's from a top 3 school. Will anyone care that you had a (failed) startup experience in 10-15-20 years? It's definitely possible to dress up without looking like a stiff in a suit. Get a decent button down from somewhere like J Crew or Banana Republic, a pair of nice, dark jeans (or khakis) and some dark leather shoes. The key take-away is a suit doesn't necessarily = well-dressed no suit doesn't necessarily = not well-dressed Think of your typical office drone (like the guys in Office Space) - they're in crappy suits and don't look that good. Likewise, some of the best-dressed people hardly ever wear strict "suits." But, I do agree with the poster below: If a company balks because you overdressed for your interview it's their problem, not yours. Intelligence is overrated as a metric, from the get-go. Being smart doesn't mean anything - accomplishing something, whether that be writing a book, founding a company, making a new scientific discovery, sculpting a masterpiece, etc., is a much better metric. Unfortunately everyone seems to be hung up on the "idea" of being smart, as if having a high IQ somehow constitutes an accomplishment. The point I was trying to make was that intelligence itself is a bad goal - it's a means to an end. Being smart makes things easier, sure, but it's not really something to be proud of by itself. 'Metric' was probably a bad word choice. Don't know if this is what you're looking for, or if it counts as scientific or Buddhist, but: The immense scale of the universe. The sheer size of it gives me both hope, in that there's so much out there to learn and discover, and calmness, in that my problems are petty and not worth getting upset about. Reading about astronomical and physics theories sparks this feeling. Echoing other comments: set small goals. I used to make grand plans about spending 50 hours a week self-studying 10 different subjects. Unsurprisingly, I didn't get anything done. So, instead, set small goals and work your way up. Personal example: I'm learning Spanish. Instead of spending 5 hours a day learning, I'm trying to do one Pimsleur lesson a day. (It's an audio learning program). It's only 30 minutes, and I'm on a 6-day run. Pretty easy, and I don't want to break the chain, so I end up doing it. 30 minutes a day, every day is better than a few hours here and there. Meanwhile, in the real world, millions of people use Facebook to keep in touch with friends, share photos, and set up events, in addition to meeting in person. Defining yourself by not using something is no better than defining yourself by using it. Just let go and accept that it's a useful tool, nothing more, nothing less. I've heard nothing but goods things about Stanford's course: http://itunes.apple.com/itunes-u/ipad-iphone-application-dev... Unfortunately, there really isn't one. If you're targeting tech people, .io or .co might be okay. But if you're targeting anyone else ("regular people") you need a .com, no questions asked. Either change your name, buy the .com, or add a prefix or suffix to your name (GoName.com, NameHQ.com, etc.) (I run a naming company) Clickable: http://pitchremix.com Hey Mike, really appreciate you taking the time. I recently launched a service that creates elevator pitches for startups: http://pitchremix.com Any specific thoughts on the site and the service? Do you think there is a large enough market (i.e., do you think many startup founders would pay for this?) And are there any glaring holes to fix? Features that I absolutely must add? Thanks again! Thanks for the feedback. That's actually the exact problem I've been having with my first customers. I end up consulting with them via email (until the pitch is perfect) anyway, so I might as well build the site around it. A 30-minute consultation is a great idea too. Thanks again. Full disclosure: I run a naming company. But that doesn't mean I'm trying to sell you. Obviously your problem is going to be the word LUST as the first 4 letters of your name. To be completely honest, a daily deal site named "Lustomer" makes me think you sell adult merchandise or something. If you're targeting anyone other than SF hipsters, you're going to have a problem. It's really scary how out of touch (or inexperienced) the people saying it's a good name are. This is basically the equivalent of naming your company ShitHeadwear. A cute pun? Sure. The name for a serious business that's actually going to sell things to real people? Not in a million years. Can you imagine going up to Joe Schmo, a local business owner who's 55 years old, slightly conservative, and wears a suit to work everyday, and asking him if he'd like to use your product called "Lustomer"? Even if he's willing to look past the name, the fact that you chose it reflects very poorly upon you. This is his business we're talking about - he works 10 hours a day and spends most of his time at the office. And he's going to trust a company with some ridiculous unprofessional name? Yeah, not gonna happen. This is reminiscent of Fukime, except your name is probably worse. Definitely change it before you get any further. You know your value system sucks when the question "does it matter where you go to college?" is automatically assumed to be about salary. Hmm, well off the top of my head: - Affordability. Not necessarily low prices, but reasonable prices. - Quality of education, in terms of teaching skill, breadth of courses offered, and the like - Strength of student community (clubs, etc.) - Location of the school (rural schools bore me) - Background of students (I like schools with students from the world over) - Location of students post graduation. I dislike schools where most of the graduates never leave the area. Maximizing income and minimizing debt are not the same thing. Hmm that's a tougher question. The big thing in my mind is having a sincere interest in the subject and the charismatic ability to get students interested in it. Most professors don't really give a shit whether their students like the subject. Also, the willingness to go beyond bureacratic systems in the name of intellectual interest. In other words, talking about X because your students are fascinated by it, not sticking to the curriculum 100% of the time and talking about Y. Sorry for bad sentence form, on my phone. You're missing my point. Making a decision to go to X school because it will make you more money is fundamentally a different decision than going to Y school because it's cheaper. You may have to get the higher debt to get the higher paying job, but going to the lower debt school is probably good enough to make a decent income. Umm? If you go to the cheaper school, you won't be crushed by debt, even though you may make less money in your lifetime. This is what the article was about... I really don't understand what you're arguing for here, Jerf. The article posed a question: is going to the better school worth the debt? You seem to be saying yes, you should focus on the monetary aspects, while simultaneously decrying student debt. What are you arguing? Well I suppose you could ask the people already there and see what they have to say. Along with visiting and the usual stuff. Otherwise, what can you do? Increased earning potential is not the big rational reason to go to college. Our society seems to function that way presently, but some people actually do enjoy learning. My guess is that the color: is set to #404040, not black. Most people aren't aware that pure black is hard on the eyes; a slightly grey black is much more readable. Clickable: http://www.pitchremix.com/ Thanks for the heads up. I recently edited out a lot of the text on the site, and must have forgotten to put that back in. (Site's still in construction-mode). I personally run another business and pitch it to clients all the time. (Nomvilla.com). I've also pitched clients in person and investors at university events, startup events, etc. In general though, think of this more as an editing service. You'll know more about your business and the people you're pitching to than we can; our job is to help you communicate your message clearly and effectively. (That's also why I'm offering free services - to get some more experience and social proof) Thanks for the feedback. I'll think about adding my name somewhere on the site, and turning off whois privacy. Right, but the point of an elevator pitch is to have a polished, 30-second-or-less summary of what you do. Filling out the questions with any level of detail will get you way over 30 seconds, and it'll probably be poorly organized and unclear. Our job is to take your description of the business and distill it down into an effective pitch. Yeah, because having an interest in anything athletic-related makes you a brogrammer. Groan Start with Nietzsche or Plato. (Easy reading) Avoid Kant for now. (Hard reading) I'd recommend an overview-type book first, try Archetypes of Wisdom , or even the audiobook series Giants of Philosophy . http://www.amazon.com/Archetypes-Wisdom-Introduction-Douglas... http://www.amazon.com/Giants-Philosophy-Series-Audio-Classic... Also, working chronologically is probably a good idea. You'll get to see how ideas have developed (and stayed the same) over the ages. Source: philosophy major. Another interesting tidbit is that Brazilian clothing and swimwear tend to be more revealing than Euro-American clothing, because the medieval Brazilian man was a sparsely dressed native, whereas the medievel European man was outfitted in heavy armor. At least, according to this: http://www.coolhunting.com/style/cool-hunting-vi-36.php (nsfw? Girls in bikinis) Clickable: http://pitchremix.com/ I really don't like coffee either, so I stick to tea and blended drinks. Pretty much every coffeeshop will have one or the other. How could Craigslist possibly enforce this? Are they going to look for every single ad on every single classifieds website to ensure that it's not exactly the same? Unless someone like PadMapper is scraping data, it seems impossible to enforce. Not the OP, but a guess: religion is basically just a value system. In that sense, it's no different than any other value system, other than the fact that it includes existence of X deity. I assume that it got shut down due to inactivity. The few times I checked it, there were only a handful of posts from months ago. RateMyProfessors is the first thing that comes to mind. Unfortunately, I don't think a 1-to-1 Yelp model for education would work, as RateMyProf would seem to show. A good restaurant is easy to determine: the food is good or it isn't. Universities and students, unfortunately, aren't that simple. Students usually give good reviews to easy teachers, which multiplied across the system, results in lowered standards for everyone. Links, if you want to check out my projects: http://namingkings.com http://pitchremix.com I'd prefer to finish my degree right now. Thanks for the advice though, that may be my best shot post-graduation for a real job. Well I can't exactly get up and move to a large city at the moment (I'm in a college town and I just signed a lease). I will look up some meetups, though. Thanks. I run a naming service ( http://namingkings.com/ ) and can definitely help you out. Also, you may find these articles useful: http://namingkings.com/blog/case-studies I run a pitch-creation service (pitchremix.com) and have definitely noticed this. Many founders don't know how to communicate what their startup does in clear, concise language. They may be building a super-complex world-changing technology, but no one knows (or cares) because it's hidden behind a wall of stream-of-consciousness gibberish. A little structure goes a long way. It doesn't. It's just a consequence of the Reddification of HN. Ogilvy on Advertising is still one of the best books on advertising, ~30 years later. http://www.amazon.com/Ogilvy-Advertising-David/dp/039472903X... I run http://namingkings.com/ and http://pitchremix.com largely by myself, although I sometimes get friends to help and get second opinions. I probably spend ~10 hours a week working. I'm currently a student, but I also have a part-time job. Motivation-wise, it definitely helps to get business. :) Every time I get a sale, it energizes me to work on marketing the site some more. I also try to tell as many friends/coworkers/people on the street about it. Without a co-founder, it can be hard to stay in the entrepreneurial mindset, so telling others about it helps reaffirm that mental state. Not to get all relativistic[0], but the primary reason we don't actively instill these values is because we no longer look to classical Greco-Roman society for inspiration. Variously throughout history (Renaissance, Neo-Classical era - Franklin's time, etc.) society has upheld ancient values as the highest. In modern times, they've largely been replaced by scientific values. This was a big debate around Darwin's time (replacing the classical "liberal education" in Latin and Greek with modern scientific study.) It's also increasingly prevalent today, as universities are basically just for career-preparation. The dominant metric when evaluating universities is almost always "earnings following graduation". [0] I don't necessarily agree or disagree with Classical values, but I do think we should sit down and make our own decisions, rather than blindly do it because Franklin/Plato/etc. says so. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooper_Union#Financial_support Since the only function of a suit is status signaling No, it's not. Just as you like hacking / biking / whatever, many people enjoy looking good by wearing well-made clothing. I have a question, for you Nathan, or even anyone who has published an ebook. Do you think a large portion of your success is due to the commercial nature of the book? (You help people make better apps, which makes them money) Or, is it just one among many factors? I ask because I am contemplating writing an ebook, but it's more of a self-help-style book. Nothing cheesy, I promise. But the premise is more of "I'll help you accomplish X" rather than "I'll help you build beautiful apps/achieve Y technical feature." Thanks a ton, and good luck. Great answer, I really appreciate it. I'm currently learning how to code. The biggest problem that I consistently have is getting the damn thing to work. I'm about halfway through the Hartl Rails Tutorial, and moving at a snails pace because I have to google error messages every five minutes. I end up spending hours changing permissions, re-installing packages, and poring over StackOverflow posts. I get that real-life software development is very similar, but I'd really just like to build something. Coding isn't all that hard (in my experience). It's the tangential stuff that makes it hard, and as a result, turns people off from learning. Just think: in 50-100 years, the phrase "100 years ago" won't mean that much, in terms of technology. Okay, maybe a better word choice would have been "certain" technologies. Seeing photographs of the 50s in 2050 won't seem all that amazing. Not the OP, but I do write a lot. For me, it's because writing forces you to get out of your head. When you write (presumably in language that people other than you can easily understand), you're forced to think about how others will read it. Ergo, empathy. This is expanded even further when you begin to consider your audience ("So I'm writing for school children... how do I communicate this in a way that they will understand?" and so on). The problem is that users don't care whether a social network is distributed or not. The overwhelming majority of users don't know what XMPP is, or why they should care. Also, the lack of a choice is sometimes a good thing. Personally, I don't want my friends to be on 10 different social networks. Facebook isn't perfect, but I like the fact that it is uniform. Money/stuff has a diminishing buying power, i.e. you can only purchase and consume so many things. But it doesn't have diminishing creative power. For all the billionaires out there with too much money, look up the Medici family. I highly recommend Getting Started in Electronics by Mims. It's widely considered a classic for getting kids/young people interested in electricity. Cool, but selecting text is awkward (especially on a MBP) and I only do it to copy/paste. Maybe hover is a better trigger? Stick around for another ~week or so (Oct 1) and you'll see the monthly Who's Hiring thread. Thanks for the suggestion, but you should post the full link (not a url shortener). It's just a HN-etiquette thing. I spent a week in August in a hostel around Long Island City. It took ~10 minutes by subway to get to Midtown, another 15 or so to get anywhere else in Manhattan. The main drawback is that you can't easily walk there - you have to go across the Queensboro Bridge. Walking back to LIC late at night is much more of a hassle than walking back to say, LES or Hell's Kitchen. I agree completely. Don't try to teach about business via academic abstractions. Come up with a project that allows you to explain basic concepts. Also, I highly recommend the book "Accounting Fresh from the Lemonade Stand". It uses the story of a lemonade stand (in which the reader is the owner) to explain accounting concepts. It's extremely effective and much more interesting than a typical textbook on the subject. The title is a bit hyperbolic, and would more accurately be "Check your spam box for important emails". Fair enough. The article is just titled to obnoxiously grab attention "Gmail is ruining your company!" instead of "Gmail forwarding doesn't always work" or something similar. But hey, it's at the top of HN, so it must have worked. It's slowly turning into TechCrunch stories commented on by Redditors. No, because the point of college isn't to learn information. It's everything else that matters. Shameless plug: I run a pitch-creation service at http://pitchremix.com , and I'd be glad to help you out. -- Some general thoughts: 1. Always dumb down your language. Not necessarily 2nd grade English, but definitely avoid words like "multi-dimensional representation" and concepts like "binary or linear". Most educated people know what you mean by this, but it adds an extra level of unnecessary complexity to your pitch. I shouldn't have to think about what you mean by "binary taste systems". When you give me a two-sentence description of your company, I should know instantly what you do. 2. Once you've simplified your language, work on describing what you do in as straightforward terms as possible. There was a good article on HN a couple days ago about applying to HN; in it they nailed how to describe something like Google: Google is a website. A user comes to the website and sees and text box and a submit button. He types in words into the text box and clicks on the button. Google then shows him a list of websites that contain the words he just typed in. http://www.acunote.com/blog/2012/10/y-combinator-application... Notice how it doesn't take for granted that the person knows what a "search engine" is. Obviously in this day and age, everyone knows what a search engine is. But they didn't 5-10 years ago. Today, everyone might not know what you mean by "a matrix that helps make predictions" or a "multi-dimensional representation of people's tastes". 3. Now that you've described what you do in as simple terms as possible, tell me a) why this is a problem and b) why you are the solution -- Hopefully that was helpful. No problem Federico. If you can distill your ideas down into a simple message, you'll be fine. Good luck! From http://ycombinator.com/howtoprepare.html ---- The most important thing to us is probably the demo. And by demo we mean a working prototype of whatever you plan to build. Mockups can be helpful too, but they're much more convincing if they do something. Even if you have nothing now, you should be able to build something in the time you have. (Demo = live. Please don't make a video. We won't watch videos.) ---- If you haven't actually launched it yet, maybe a video is ok? Or you may want to make something in a wireframe program. Thanks for the Github suggestion - looks like exactly what I need. I've had a strange idea cooking in my mind for a few years now, although I've never really fleshed it out. What if we had an AI-like system instead of representatives? Imagine this: "Pennsylvania-One" is an AI. Every day, from their smartphones or another device, PA citizens vote on issues, ranging from small to big. Using this data, "Pennsylvania-One" creates a model of what its constituents want, and then, using its vast knowledge of political theory, history, economics, etc., makes a decision. This decision can be double-checked by constituents or by some other "watchmen"-like individuals. Of course, this would never happen (people trust people much more than machines), and it's more of a sci-fi idea, but it's an interesting thought nonetheless. Wittgenstein received a PhD from Cambridge solely from his book Tractatus , which he wrote during WWI. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ludwig_Wittgenstein#section_6 At my university, the main library is called Hillman Library. As a joke, students call it "Club Hillman". It's a pretty popular term and has been going on for a few years now. During finals week, the library is packed full, and going there becomes a big social event. So, a friend and I decided to capitalize on it. I designed the shirt and build the website over a week/weekend, and since launching Wednesday night, we've sold about 20 shirts. We're aiming for 200 by the 26th (so they're ready for finals week). We're marketing both online (Reddit worked really well) and in person (putting up fliers everywhere around campus.) It really depends on what the startup is doing. PhDs in Machine learning (probably) aren't gonna know a thing about sales. General intelligence is useful, sure, but being a successful entrepreneur isn't about being smart, it's about finding an opportunity and putting in the hard work to take advantage of it. College isn't about learning a skill or some specific knowledge. It's about the overall intellectual atmosphere (and the people who make up this atmosphere.) In the end, it's about becoming an educated person. Will it help you learn programming? Probably not. But you will learn about the world in ways that are extremely unlikely to happen if you skip college. Things that may seem irrelevant, like the philosophy of science, the fundamentals of microeconomics, or any other "obscure" academic topic. Can you go to the library and read a book about the subject? Sure, but you probably won't even know what books to read. Even then, reading a book pales in comparison to a good course. Also, I'd take advice from recent dropouts with a grain of salt. In all likelihood, they don't know what they don't know . In other words, life may be good now, but unless they had a broad pre-college education, or read classic literature, science, etc. for hours a day, they probably won't know what they're missing. Their frame of reference on the world is likely very narrow and limited to web development (or startups, or whatever.) Edit: check out this design school in Germany (relatively close to Eastern Europe). When I was applying to schools, I looked into it and really liked what I saw. (I stayed in the US for a bunch of unrelated reasons). http://kisd.de I don't know much about IED, but it looks like a solid school. And yeah, read as much as you can. But if I could tell you just one thing, it's that reading books is in no way comparable to going to a decent college. You'll be exposed, directly and indirectly, to so many different things at university. Things that would never have occurred to you otherwise. You'll have to do projects that seem irrelevant, but being forced to learn X skill will pay off later in life. That's the main issue with being self-taught: you tend to only do things you're interested in, and as a result, you miss out on some of the more boring, important stuff. Final thought: students have a ton of free time. Most don't manage their time well. Learn time management, and you can get a degree AND build a startup at the same time. Best of luck! Two points: 1. There's a big difference between job-searching at 40 and job-searching at 60. At 60, you're potentially 5 years away from retirement, so it's not surprising that companies are hesitant to hire. 2. Depending on the specific startup, younger people really may be more effective, at least in certain areas. For example, something like Facebook (during its early days), which targeted college students. A twenty-something will have much more insight into the mind of a college student than a 60-something. This obviously doesn't apply to areas of the company that don't relate directly to the end users. Edit: I don't agree with the logic of companies, I was just playing devil's advocate. Graduate college, launch a startup, conquer the universe. :) A. Learning experience for a startup B. Getting hired by a startup C. Getting hired anywhere Lockpicking kit and a book about it? Not quite computer-hacking, but still very related. I post this all the time; Having no cofounder is better than having a bad one, and starting a company solo is better than not starting one at all. Don't get too hung up on the latest startup / incubator trends; plenty of companies have been started with one founder. Just go out and do it. Meh. I dropped out for awhile, learned a lot, went back to college, learned some more. Dropping out should be a non-issue, something that just happens because you ran out of time. Making arguments for it just always struck me as apologetics. These have all been non-answers. The best advice I can offer is to watch "The Social Network". Its hacking scenes are about as authentic as any movie has ever been. But the question is then: does the makeup of all ethnicities within programming reflect the general population? My guess is that everyone who would use either app was using Snapchat and saw no reason to switch. The idea isn't compelling enough to draw in new users, so Poke failed. It gets suggested all the time, but How to Win Friends and Influence People is my answer. No other single book will help you out more in life. NPR's Planet Money Lapham's Quarterly I have absolutely no evidence to back this up, but: I feel as if the "shallowness" of recent SV-culture startups can partly be attributed to the glorification of what I'll call "dropout culture," that being a subtle anti-intellectualism and an acceptance of the idea that only technical knowledge is valuable. University forces you to be exposed to a lot of different fields (that you would never see otherwise). I'm not as bothered by his predictions as I am by his blinding, religious-like devotion to their results. I would take him more seriously if he focused more on the science and less on some pseudo-technocrat-religion. The luddites could not care less about technological progress, succeeding or not. What they tried to do is keep their jobs to be able to feed their families. This really is so true, on a broad scale. We (humanity) love to demonize people, make them out to be zealots hell-bent on destroying civilization. In reality, they are usually normal people with normal people problems. Look into an online or distance degree, not necessarily in CS. Most places that have a degree filter will be okay with any degree over no degree. Specifically, try the London International Programmes. http://www.londoninternational.ac.uk/ That said, you should go to university for the intellectual stimulation, not just to get a higher paycheck. Devs aren't (and shouldn't be) the primary customers of most startups The questions, for anyone too lazy to view the actual application (such as myself) or who doesn't have a HN account: -------------------- - What is your company going to make? - If this application is a response to a YC RFS, which one? - Please tell us in one or two sentences about the most impressive thing other than this startup that each founder has built or achieved. - Please tell us about the time you, keiferski, most successfully hacked some (non-computer) system to your advantage. - Please tell us about an interesting project, preferably outside of class or work, that two or more of you created together. Include urls if possible. - How long have the founders known one another and how did you meet? Have any of the founders not met in person? - Why did you pick this idea to work on? Do you have domain expertise in this area? How do you know people need what you're making? - What's new about what you're making? What substitutes do people resort to because it doesn't exist yet (or they don't know about it)? - Who are your competitors, and who might become competitors? Who do you fear most? - What do you understand about your business that other companies in it just don't get? - How do or will you make money? How much could you make? (We realize you can't know precisely, but give your best estimate.) - If you've already started working on it, how long have you been working and how many lines of code (if applicable) have you written? - How far along are you? Do you have a beta yet? If not, when will you? Are you launched? If so, how many users do you have? Do you have revenue? If so, how much? If you're launched, what is your monthly growth rate (in users or revenue or both)? - If you have an online demo, what's the url? (Please don't password protect it; just use an obscure url.) - How will you get users? If your idea is the type that faces a chicken-and-egg problem in the sense that it won't be attractive to users till it has a lot of users (e.g. a marketplace, a dating site, an ad network), how will you overcome that? - If you're already incorporated, when were you? Who are the shareholders and what percent does each own? If you've had funding, how much, at what valuation(s)? - If you're not incorporated yet, please list the percent of the company you plan to give each founder, and anyone else you plan to give stock to. (This question is as much for you as us.) - If we fund you, which of the founders will commit to working exclusively (no school, no other jobs) on this project for the next year? - For founders who can't, why not? What level of commitment are they willing to make? - Do any founders have other commitments between June and August 2013 inclusive? - Do any founders have commitments in the future (e.g. finishing college, going to grad school), and if so what? - Where do you live now, and where would the company be based after YC? - Are any of the founders covered by noncompetes or intellectual property agreements that overlap with your project? Will any be working as employees or consultants for anyone else? - Was any of your code written by someone who is not one of your founders? If so, how can you safely use it? (Open source is ok of course.) - Are any of the following true? (a) You are the only founder. (b) You are a student who may return to school when the next term starts. (c) Half or more of your group can't move to the Bay Area. (d) One or more founders will keep their current jobs. (e) None of the founders are programmers. (Answering yes doesn't disqualify you. It's just to remind us to check.) - If you had any other ideas you considered applying with, please list them. One may be something we've been waiting for. Often when we fund people it's to do something they list here and not in the main application. - Please tell us something surprising or amusing that one of you has discovered. (The answer need not be related to your project.) Treat it like a job; get all of your homework done 9-5, Monday thru Thursday. Forget about school entirely outside of these hours. Source: I'm taking double the normal courseload while building a startup. You don't need to choose school vs. work, if you manage your time correctly. I think the key word there is episodic ; i.e., that the work wasn't consistent, and thus the "few days' wages" were possibly more valuable. But I haven't read the study, so I could be wrong. Many people that start restaurants don't know how to cook... Being a good chef doesn't make you a good restaurant manager. Entirely different skillsets. I'm not a programmer by any means, but I did write this little word-counter while going through a Ruby book. You might find it useful...? ---- lines = File.readlines("text.txt") line_count = lines.size text = lines.join total_characters = text.length total_characters_nospaces = text.gsub(/\s+/, '').length word_count = text.split.length sentence_count = text.split(/\.|\?|!/).length paragraph_count = text.split(/\n\n/).length puts "This document contains:" puts "#{line_count} lines" puts "#{total_characters} characters" puts "#{total_characters_nospaces} characters excluding spaces" puts "#{word_count} words" puts "#{sentence_count} sentences." puts "#{paragraph_count} paragraphs." puts "#{sentence_count / paragraph_count} sentences per paragraph (average)" puts "#{word_count / sentence_count} words per sentence (average)" "The Story of My Life" by Giacomo Casanova. I'm not a YC person, but I can help on little edits: - you need more describing the idea. I like the simple one-liner, but you should elaborate more. - typo on "Impressive" question. "I was represented a 15 year old...". I'm not sure if you represented or were represented by . Also change the last line to something like, "deportation was cancelled." No need to use both "dismissal" and "deport" to describe the same thing. - "What do you understand better" question: I'm unsure how your answer relates to you. I'm just seeing why NatGeo gets it. - Philippines is spelled wrong - the last question seems more focused on you, and not on external information. I interpreted that question as something about the world you discovered, not an internal self-discovery. Good luck! No problem. Shooting from the hip: it's a neat idea but feels too much like an add-on, and not like a full-fledged company. I don't get it. Is it fraud because she already has enough money to pay for it, but opted to use Kickstarter instead? How is that fraud? Is every millionaire startup founder who raises capital a fraud as well?