It seems to me that Git's ecosystem is rather more developed than Subversion's, despite its younger age. I haven't seen any hosting service for Subversion repositories that approaches GitHub (and even `gitweb` is pretty nice actually) and the amount of stuff in e.g. http://git.or.cz/gitwiki/InterfacesFrontendsAndTools is pretty huge compared to what I've seen for SVN. When it comes to documentation, not only is the reference manual excellent in the usual way of Unix reference manuals, but I also know of six tutorial Git books, several of which are free online: the Git User's Manual, the Git Community Book, Git Magic, Pragmatic Version Control Using Git, Pro Git, and Git Internals. As I said in another comment (now deleted), I'm using Subversion on a project for the first time in years, and I constantly find myself wishing the project was using Git. I've found git pretty frustrating to learn too. darcs is a lot easier. Still, it sure is more powerful than SVN, and once you know what you're doing (and maybe have a cheat-sheet handy) it isn't much harder to use. You know, transmitting video has proven to be a pretty important tool for fighting world hunger and various kinds of oppression; when it's possible to see the problems other people are experiencing, it's a lot easier to empathize with them. So it might not be a great idea to let one company decide how our video-transmitting technology is going to work and who gets to use which parts of it. To be more concrete, imagine: "The video you have selected ("russians_in_tskhinvili_getting_shelled.wmvx") is not viewable in your region ("Georgia"). Please contact your system vendor for a software upgrade if this region is not correct." "New Adobe Explosion 2012 offers video content providers a usage-tracking feature, which provides accurate statistics on the age and gender breakdown of their viewing audience, enabling video content providers to micro-target advertising content. *Information about users' identities will not be disclosed except pursuant to an order from a court in one of the following jurisdictions: United States, China, India, Saudi Arabia, or Germany.)" "The United States Trade Representative is pleased to announce a new accord with Brazil, addressing both American media companies' concerns related to rampant Brazilian internet piracy and the new Brazilian military government's concerns related to subversive content from overseas. Under the accord, effective starting 2Q 2011, only properly licensed video codec software from Adobe, Microsoft, or Apple will be permitted in Brazil." "We're sorry, but the license for the software that created this audio file ("Grandpa Telling Us About His Mother.flvx") has expired. Please contact the content provider to request that they renew their license in order to access the content." That's really nice. I'd love to see the code, even if there are other "something similar"s in Ruby. Did you actually implement the entire x86 instruction set, or just the parts of it you have used so far? Many businesses have their own photocopiers, fax machines, and PBXs, do their own accounting, maintain their own supplier lists, provide support to their own customers when they have problems, and pay their own employees, even though you can outsource each of these services. Sometimes the problems of outsourcing a business function are greater than the benefits of the enhanced specialization. For several years now, the vast majority of companies that have an internet connection have had some of their internet-connected computers inside their own companies, and others somewhere else, like a colocation center. Even though AWS is pretty awesome, I don't expect that to change anytime soon; the balance will shift back and forth according to things like available technology, legal liability, experienced quality of service, and so on. Just a means to an end, when they started out doing that — hopefully that remains the case. What do you think a non-broken replacement for DNS would be like? I agree that DNS is pretty broken, and it's a really important problem to solve. I was hoping you might have insights on what to do ;) Like pop songs in that study where they divided people into groups and had them rate songs? It seems almost inevitable. That sort of positive feedback can make a system more sensitive, but it can also make it unstable, amplifying noise until it overwhelms small signals. My third connection is that, if your hypothesis is correct (and I'm pretty sure it is) you would tend to expect comment karma to be distributed according to a Zipf distribution. Google Web Accelerator. bonsaitree said water at room temperature. The vapor pressure of water at room temperature is around 25 millibar; nothing "local" about it. Today I discovered that % 100 = 3; parses in Perl. I wish the space between the % and the 100 had the semantic meaning of telling perl that the % is supposed to be an operator, not a hash sigil. What other languages allow spaces in identifiers? Fortran 77 and Algol 68, I think? That race was over four years ago, though. Ruby won. It's nice that the old nag is finally making it to the finish line, but the audience has been gone for a long time. "extend it to monolithic intuitions such as ... policing, armies, ..." I hear they tried that in Somalia. Do you read John Robb? There are lots of small pharmaceutical companies already; they are a major focus of current VC funding, in fact. The majority of "biotech" firms are actually working on pharmaceuticals, not food crops or spider-goats or biological weapons. But for most of the previous thousands of years, the rule "larger is better" apparently didn't apply to companies, just armies and the like. The US didn't experience its dramatic economic growth in the 1800s by assembling a large and disciplined army; instead, it disassembled large and disciplined slave plantations, moving the agricultural center of the country to smaller, more productive farms in the North. (Farm productivity per acre continued to vary inversely with farm size, worldwide, until the 1970s.) I think it was its network of what we would now consider small industrial companies, coupled with its relatively low level of violence (due to geographic isolation), that enabled it to outstrip many of the Great Powers in economic growth. By contrast, during the Edo period, Japan was an extremely large and disciplined organization --- which produced some remarkable art but also made it militarily and economically weak. So I think the picture is much more complex than, "The success of a society was proportionate to its ability to assemble large and disciplined organizations." I suspect Drucker and Coase's insights may help to provide a more nuanced view. Yes. As Adam Smith sort of points out, they also make greater specialization possible. When you get access to a larger market (through dropping trade barriers, improved transportation technology, population growth, or whatever) you can either expand your business or increase its specialization (making it, one hopes, more efficient). What's interesting is that in the 20th Century the big trend was that people expanded their businesses; now, it seems that people are instead specializing more. Presumably some of the reasons for this are to be found in The Nature of the Firm, but while I don't think Coase has the whole story, I think his viewpoint is helpful here. It's not that people are collaborating in smaller groups than before; we're all still collaborating with everyone else in the economy. It's that the nature of that collaboration is changing from intra-company collaboration to inter-company collaboration. Coase focuses on inter-company collaboration through market mechanisms, but another important kind of collaboration is non-market exchange of information. The vast common body of free software and knowledge that we all share access to is a major reason that we can launch an innovative web site today with one or two people working together for a few months. If you wanted to launch Reddit (or HN) in 1990, you would have had to write client software, set up a modem bank, and ship starter kits to our clients with a CD-ROM and a modem inside. The fact that you can just buy access to the internet cheaply instead is collaboration through the market. So is being able to buy a multi-gigahertz machine with gigabytes of RAM for US$500. But in 1990, you would have had to do a lot more. You would have had to drop US$500 on a compiler from Borland or somebody and write your code in C++. (If you preferred Lisp, you could drop US$3000 or so on a MacIvory from Symbolics instead; they weren't dead at the time. Or Lucid Common Lisp on a Sun, maybe; how much did that cost?) Now we can write our software in PLT Scheme or Python instead. If you wanted to do cool AJAXy effects, even assuming that you could transfer the Web software of 2000 back to 1990, you'd still need to implement all the AJAXy stuff yourself, as I did in 2000, instead of just using Prototype or MochiKit or jQuery. A couple of years earlier, you would have had to use Java. And today, you can run the whole thing on Linux. In 1990, you would have had to buy SunOS, or HP-UX, or Ultrix, or some other such horrible abortion, and the minimum price for that hardware was around $5000. And you probably would have had to recompile your kernel. And when you have trouble load-balancing, you can Google to find out how people set up reverse proxies and round-robin DNS and the like, rather than inventing it for the first time and publishing a paper about it. This growth of the information commons means that you can afford to be much more specialized today. You can focus on the unique aspects of your site, rather than figuring out how to run the first or second global information service. > larger commercial operations tended to be more successful than small ones. It's just that the big ones weren't very big by modern standards. It seems that you have a different idea than Coase about what limited the size of companies; he believed that companies stopped getting bigger because as they got bigger, they started becoming less "successful", in the sense of "profitable". What's your alternative explanation? Johnnie Cochrane and celebrity plastic surgeons don't earn 30× as much as other doctors and lawyers because their compensation is set by a guild; if anything, guilds tend to assign scale and frown on those who charge more (and prosecute those who charge less). They earn 30× as much because people are willing to pay 30× as much for their services. You have a good point here, and I hadn't thought of it that way before. Somewhat related, it does seem like a major factor in the importance of people's software accomplishments (measured economically or however) is the importance of the problem they were trying to solve. Build an easy-to-use web site builder for Microsoft Windows in 1994? Sell to AOL, retire to Switzerland at 35, spend your spare time mentoring the young, designing prosthetic limbs, writing new operating systems in Python, or whatever floats your boat. (Incidentally, to me, that seems like getting paid 10× as much as the average COBOL cubicle drone who retires at 65.) Build it for NeXTStep instead? Nobody will remember. Hamming's "You and Your Research" makes this point about scientific accomplishments: working on great problems is a sine qua non of scientific greatness. To tie back to your point, when someone has some vague notions about what they need done, the first thing you have to do to make incredible software for them is to figure out what they would think was "incredible" — that is, figure out which problems to solve, and which to postpone. Because if you get that wrong, all the rest of your work is more or less wasted. As Hamming points out, it's not enough for the solution of a problem to be desirable; it also has to be feasible. That clearly involves some risk. Michael Jordan is part-owner of the Charlotte Bobcats, actually, and I think there are a number of Google and Microsoft employees who are richer than Michael Jordan (who apparently has about US$400M and recently had to pay US$168M in a divorce settlement). It's true that it's because they're part-owners of Google and Microsoft, but that ownership was granted because of work they did, not (for the most part) because of dollars they contributed. So I think the premise of the article is wrong; some programmers do earn as much as sports stars and star musicians. I don't have a good sense for how the numbers shake out in the aggregate. L. Peter Deutsch, who is by anyone's measure one of history's greatest programmers, spent many years working on basically just GhostScript, basically by himself (code contributions he received were not up to his standards). He made a good living at it and has a substantial amount of savings as a result. I don't really have any idea whether that means US$2M or US$2B, though. Maybe he'll donate some of his savings to some charity and we'll get an idea of their scale. So I think GhostScript might demonstrate, or at least approximate, the limit of what one person working by himself can do. ("Greatest": he wrote approximately the second Lisp interpreter when he was 15; with Butler Lampson he wrote the QED editor, on which ed and thus vi are based; he invented JIT compilation; he did a bunch of stuff at PARC in the 1970s that I don't even know about; and he successfully competed with Adobe in the PostScript RIP market for decades.) The work of programmers scales really well, too. There are a number of pieces of software used by more than a billion people: Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Firefox, Google, Apache, PHP, and the operating system they run on: Linux. And that's exactly why the best-paid programmers make a lot more money than the best-paid soccer stars. Can't you write Rails templates with DreamWeaver? Is it a lot harder than assembling dialog boxes in VB? I've basically never used DreamWeaver and I haven't used VB since 1997, so I don't really know. No problem. (I'd reply privately if I could, so as not to clutter up the thread, sorry.) Oh, sure. I thought he was complaining more about the excessive complexity of modern computing environments, though, the way that mainframe people used to do around 1970, and the way minicomputer people used to do around 1980. Maybe he should try programming an 8-bit AVR. Does Scrum require TDD/BDD? I think BDD is going to be limited where your biggest and hardest requirements are things like, "The game should be fun to play". "Without a lot of brand advertising"? How many ads do you think Tom Cruise buys to promote his personal "brand"? I think the relevant thing is the reputation, not the advertising that might or might not create a better reputation. The reputation is why Tom Cruise makes 50 000× as much as the actor in the community-theater play down the street from you. (Assuming they're even getting paid.) When a producer is negotiating a contract with Tom Cruise, I don't think it enters his mind how much unknown actors in community theater make. I think he's thinking about how many people bought tickets to see the last Tom Cruise movie and his estimate of how many of them went because of Tom Cruise. I don't know enough about hairdressers to know whether the same thing applies to them. It does apply to fashion designers, and in some cases it seems to apply to programmers. Joel's article is about scrapping your existing codebase and starting from scratch. The discussion here is about a new version of the Python interpreter which was made from the old one by means of a bunch of incremental changes, and which will require a bunch of incremental changes in old Python code to run the old code. How is Joel's article relevant here? Cooks at Taco Bell and McDonald's in the US make US$5-$10 per hour‚ which is up to a max of maybe US$6000 per year. Emeril Lagasse got paid US$9 million in 2005, apparently. Wolfgang Puck makes quite a bit of money too. According to " rel="nofollow">http://www.chefschoolreview.com/blog/2006/07/do_chef_salarie... , which also has a list of top chef salaries, "The average non-celebrity executive chef can earn between $125,000 and $250,000 but, according to foodservice.com, the average annual salary is closer to $60,000." There are some guys I know here in Buenos Aires who run a restaurant in their house a couple of nights a week, charging US$50 a plate for up to 20 people. Even they are getting 10× or 20× the pay of an average restaurant cook, and they only work a couple of days a week! Bell Labs named three of their operating systems after castrated men, a notoriously bad movie, and Hell itself. Names that make marketers cringe have a long tradition. I don't think hackers hate Tcl because it's "intimidating". They hate it because it's verbose, slow, and lacking in abstraction power. (Last time I used it, associative arrays weren't first-class, i.e. you can't have a list of anonymous associative arrays; is that still the case?) Also, Tcl was originally aimed at the niche that Lua now occupies — lightweight embedded scripting language — but Tcl is 720k of code while Lua is 82k, and isn't verbose, slow, or lacking in power. Finally, the libraries available for Tcl, while they do cover some pretty important stuff, are a tiny fraction of what's available for C, C++, C#, Java, Perl, Python, or even Ruby. The article says it's "more or less as fast as ... Ruby". Well, that's pretty slow! The string-substitution execution model is easy to explain, and it's easy to do higher-order programming with, but it's very error-prone and very difficult to implement efficiently. If you use Tcl in a disciplined way, you won't have too much trouble with this, but it is not nearly the advantage that this article makes it out to be. Tcl does have some nice advantages: it's optimized for use as a UI with an embedded DSL, not for use as a programming language, and its support for event-driven programming and securely running untrusted code are first-rate. Yosef K. (Yossi Kreinin) recently blogged about some of this. Oh, and you say, "# is a command that ignores its arguments". You're wrong about that; try "# [set x 3]" or "# comments do not end at semicolons; puts hello" if you don't believe me. If I understand correctly, that page says that 34% of modafinil takers reported headaches, compared to 23% of non-modafinil takers, 11% reported nausea (vs. 3%), 7% reported nervousness (vs. 3%), and 5% reported insomnia (vs. 1%). What do you think the numbers for caffeine would be? Caffeine withdrawal is a major cause of headaches, and caffeine is a major cause of nervousness, insomnia, tachycardia, hypertension, dizziness, etc. I'm not saying caffeine is some kind of dangerous drug; I'm just saying that "almost zero side effects in comparison" is at least plausible given the Wikipedia page. Compare the behavior of # to the behavior of puts. If you puts [set x 3], not only does it print out 3, it also sets x to 3. If you # [set x 3], it does not set x to 3, because # is not actually a command that ignores its arguments; it is a comment, just like in Python, Perl, or sh. Similarly, if # were a command, a semicolon would terminate it and start a new command, but it doesn't. The comment continues to the end of the line. You seem to think that dicts aren't associative arrays. I think the last version I did any significant amount of work on was Tcl 8.3. But I wasn't any kind of expert on it then. It might be true that Tcl (8.6?) is faster than Ruby now, but the article that started this thread didn't dare to claim that, and these benchmarks of Tcl 8.5b3 don't support that claim: http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/gp4/benchmark.php?test=all... Memory latency problems can be worked around with pipelined requests, if you have enough concurrency in the CPU; memory bandwidth problems can be worked around with more independent banks of memory and more memory channels to the CPU, which means more wires. Both can be worked around by putting more memory locally. Absent such workarounds, it's true that there are some problems (large-mesh finite element analysis, maybe) that more cores won't help with, and other problems that exhibit enough locality (large cellular automata) that more cores will help with. This article observes that some problems are in the first category. It would be absurd to claim that no problems are in the second category. Modafinil is effective in small enough doses that you could put it into just about any beverage you like, just like amphetamine, piracetam, and so on, and unlike ethanol. You may enjoy quaffing toxic organic solvents like ethanol, but I don't particularly fancy the idea myself. For those who don't follow the link, the first link places the US, with 95% confidence intervals: - 25th to 28th among the 40 countries on math; - 12th to 23rd among the 40 countries on reading; - 20th to 27th among the 40 countries on science. The second link just divides the countries into above average, average, and below average. The US is "below average" on math, and no reading rank is reported. What if they give you a sheet of paper, you xerox it there, and then store one copy next to your birth certificate and give the other copy to your regular doctor? I have an immunization record that I keep inside my passport (for yellow-fever reasons). I like GUI Emacs because keys like C-/ work, even if they have no ASCII code, and I don't have to wonder if I'm going to get random backslashes if I try to copy and paste into another window. There really isn't that much difference between switching between Emacs and, say, IRC, by using Alt-Tab or ^A ^A. I didn't remember that you can't have a comment inside of a statement, but you're still wrong! It's true that you can't have comments in as many contexts in Tcl as you can in most languages, but it is not true that they are just ordinary statements; ordinary statements evaluate their arguments. "#" comments don't evaluate their "arguments", don't terminate at semicolons, and you can't redefine the meaning of "#" with "proc", so "#" is special and reserved — just in fewer contexts than in other languages that use it as a comment character. Oops! I was speaking from ignorance. Thank you for the correction! How can you get to dislike a programming language without learning it first, at least well enough to have things you don't like about it? If your reasons for not liking it are "riddled with inaccuracies", then maybe what you don't like about it isn't that language but something else that you have mistaken for that language? He couldn't buy one when he wrote that, but it's also sort of beside the point. Software freedom is about other people having the ability to modify the software they depend on, not about me having the ability (if I spend enough money and time) having that ability. I own my house, even though I have no idea how to move walls and put up new drywall (in my case, I did but it didn't work out as well as I'd hoped). You can hire someone else to put up new drywall. If you can't, you don't own the house; you're just renting. Outsourcing your security to a group of people makes you vulnerable to that group of people, and anybody who can lean on them. As you point out yourself, mobile phone carriers have not proven trustworthy in that way. The guy who buys the phone has the right to choose who they want to trust; mobile carriers blackmailing phone manufacturers into giving them backdoors into this most personal of devices is a violation of that right, and it imperils us all. "Competitive advantage" means roughly "doing things your competitors can't". You can't do that with off-the-shelf tools unless your competitors are in Nigeria and can't afford them. I want to add to the chorus of "What experience are you comparing Visual Studio to?" You're sort of damning it with faint praise by touting things like "evolving towards concurrency" and Microsoft's alpha-quality OCaml clone, F#, as a selling point. Obviously .NET wouldn't have a future if it wasn't doing cloud, functional, concurrent, and support online, but it's sort of chasing the taillights of the open-source community there. Maybe I read more into "cannot be beaten" than you intended. Thanks for sharing your experience! svk? Also BitKeeper was built on SCCS, and ClearCase MultiSite was built on ClearCase. I think "if you wave your hands about usability, if you are the only user, and you don't give a rat's ass about performance," is sufficient --- Ur-Scheme took me a few weeks, and the source and target languages were fairly different, and I hadn't done it before. It compiles its subset of Scheme about 100× slower than gas assembles assembly language. If you have actual compiler-writing tools then it doesn't have to take weeks or even days to write a compiler for a simple language --- if you don't care about performance, if the backend language isn't too much of a pain in the ass, if error reporting is not a major concern. Thing is, though, performance doesn't matter any more. Oh, sometimes it does, yes. If you're writing a C compiler for a computer manufacturer, it certainly does. (Tip: port GCC instead.) But all those people who are using Ruby or Python or Perl or PHP? They aren't going to care if your compiler generates code that's 10× slower than it could be, because it's still 10× faster than what they're used to, and you can probably get them not to care that your compiler executes a million instructions per line of code that it compiles. Thanks! I'm glad my page was helpful. I'm working on a much simpler compiler than Ur-Scheme now. I call it StoneKnifeForth. No, the 90 minutes is the time to explain the compiler, not to write it, as Marc explains at the beginning of that excellent talk. Actually, in my experience, PEGs make parsing not complicated. What kind of visualization tools have you found helpful in manipulating the AST? So far I've found equational reasoning (in my head or on paper) much more helpful than visualization in writing code to manipulate ASTs. And code generation from ASTs does not require a lot of effort when it is not especially difficult; it's really just a tree traversal or two. (As you point out, with optimization it can become arbitrarily difficult.) Noncompete agreements shift some power from employees to owners of capital. A jurisdiction that forbids noncompete agreements will tend to be less attractive to owners of capital and more attractive to employees. But a business generally requires both employees and owners of capital. Whether jurisdictions that forbid noncompete agreements are more attractive to a certain kind of business therefore depends in the short term on whether employees or owners of capital have more power in that kind of business, and in the long term on whether employees or owners of capital are more important to the success of that kind of business. As pg has repeatedly asserted at great length, the capital requirements for software businesses are at an all-time low, so we would expect noncompetes to repel such businesses. Also, if you want to found a company later, it might be easier to get VC from VCs who you aren't currently suing. The company issues shares, but it is a separate entity from its stockholders. The money acquired by selling the shares goes to the company, not the existing stockholders. It results in the company being more valuable, and the existing stockholders (or the board of directors on their behalf) can think this is a worthwhile thing to do if they think the money will be invested well by the company. What does the BusinessWeek article have to do with the company buying back common shares? You are making assertions about what the man wants. Have you talked to him about that? Do you have any basis for your defamatory assertion whatsoever, other than observing that the WSJ has not yet published a Letter to the Editor from him? That doesn't seem plausible; people with Asperger's are harder to manipulate, not easier, especially when they're smarter than you are. Although Asperger's creates its share of frustrations, being unduly influenced by one's emotions and easily influenced by other people's opinions are not among them. That said, it might be what the person who posted the BusinessWeek article was thinking about, if he's a fucking idiot with a neurotypical-centric attitude problem. I'm anti-noncompete too, but my comment wasn't normative, concerned with "pro" and "anti", "should" and "shouldn't"; it was just an attempt to describe the world. (Although my perception might be skewed by my own preferences, hopefully that hasn't made my description inaccurate.) Anyway, from that perspective, what Paul Graham does or doesn't want me to do isn't relevant. I doubt he really wants me to do anything other than make insightful comments, since I'm not working with him. What I'm saying is that the QA guy has more bargaining power if he can go work for your nearest competitor, and perhaps still more bargaining power if there is also no trade-secret law prohibiting him from taking that other information to the competitor, not just himself. (He can't do that legally in California.) So, all else being equal, he's more likely to move from Massachusetts to California than vice versa, especially if he's a really good QA guy who can get a job even when there's a lot of competition. It might be the case that having access to really good QA guys are more important to your business being successful than being able to keep your QA guy from defecting. For example, maybe you're a good guy to work with, so the defecting isn't really a problem, and the difference between okay QA and really good QA is huge. In that case, you'd be better off doing business in California instead of Massachusetts, if that were the only difference between the two places. On the other hand, if the thing that would make or break your business is being able to raise $500 million to build a semiconductor fabrication plant, you might find yourself siting it in Massachusetts (or Oregon, say) instead of California, in order to reassure your investors that they're getting the best possible deal from your employees. So banning non-competes will attract certain businesses: the ones that are good to work for and in which employee skills are much more important for the company profits than, say, employee retention, secrecy, or capital equipment investment. So I think it is especially knowledge and sales businesses that will tend to seek out areas with strong non-compete prohibitions --- not on purpose, but just because that's where the superstar scientists and salespeople are. Inevitably, though, your competitor will learn a lot when they hire someone experienced in the field. Not true; in KeyKOS, for example, the shell had full access to all the files the user had access to, because that is where the user held the keys of their directories. In CapDesk the window system has the same role. In general you need to be able to run "utility" programs like the tmp-remover in the example. That doesn't necessarily mean the author of the utility programs has to be able to send updates without your approval, or that they need to be able to receive communications from their utility program, or that you can't delegate your approval of application updates to a third party who vets the code, or that the utilities can't be small and clear enough that you don't have any doubt about what they're doing, or that all programs need to have full access to your files, or that you can't store your files somewhere where you can roll back undesired deletions. This article is really terrible. It spends half of the article before mentioning the actual contribution of Native Client, which is that it securely sandboxes C programs with little effort on the programmer's part, confuses source code analysis with object code analysis, talks about memory virtualization for security as if it had been invented in 2008 instead of ~1965 (and as if it weren't already a feature of every mainstream OS), glosses over the API differences and the difficulty of designing a secure OS API, and confuses Intel (one ARM licensee) with ARM. In summary, it is an unreliable article written by someone without a clue. Oh, Hacker News is for news? When Valleywag (Owen) published an unsubstantiated rumor that Matt Mullenweg was cheating on Glenda, that wasn't lack of class. That was malicious disregard for the truth, unless Owen knew it was false, in which case it was outright lying. Integrity excludes malicious disregard for the truth. If you think KeyKOS's security scheme was "somewhat weak", you should read the DTOS review of it (in http://www.cs.utah.edu/flux/fluke/html/dtos/HTML/final-docs/... ), which was mostly positive. It includes a pretty balanced picture of its pluses and minuses, although it doesn't seem to have been based on experience actually using KeyKOS. If your files belong to your applications instead of to you, or if your sandboxes don't nest, then your sandboxing scheme is pretty lame. Most of the time there are worse cases than just deleting your documents: the utility could send all of your documents to its owner over the internet. You can prevent this with sandboxing policies too; KeyKOS solved an analogous problem in the context of a multiuser non-networked mainframe. More difficult is to keep it from inserting backdoors into your programs or subtly corrupting your files. I don't see how the solution "then you roll back to your previous backup" is dependent upon only the utility only having access to a single sandbox. It seems like it works just as well if you give it access to everything except your basic UI (and the TCB it depends on, e.g. the kernel, the bootloader) and your backups. It could be a problem for device vendors, but it shouldn't be a problem for web sites that want to serve ARM9 devices with MMUs, such as Intel's StrongARMs; the Native Client approach will work fine on ARM, although it will take some work to make it happen. The bit about "Intel's ARM chips" is pretty goofy, though. There are lots of ways of implementing sandboxing; I think capability systems are the most elegant and flexible, but I don't know for sure that they are the best way, given that the judge is the messy real world, not mathematical abstractions. I was arguing that the other guy was right that sandboxing in itself is not sufficient; you still do need to have a way to deal with code that you give the full run of your system, even if you keep the amount of that code to a minimum. Could you piggyback RAM by soldering it on top of the existing chips, bending out a single chip-enable pin so it alone wasn't in parallel with the existing chips, and soldering it to a wire? I had an H89 with 64K of RAM; the last 16K was hacked in that way. I think it's prety inexcusable that this software, or any software, might be denied. I don't think that's the deal; I think the reason it's interesting is that Newber has $500k hanging in the balance, and Apple's commitment is zero. They can vaporize that $500k instantly by saying no, or slowly by never responding. This is not a good position to be in, and it dramatizes what a lot of people (investors more than hackers) have been feeling about iPhone development. And that's why Sumerian investment banks rule the world today. To get your $300 million number, you're assuming a 5% risk-free return on investment over 400 years. I very much doubt that you would have received a 5% return on investment by investing in a diversified international portfolio of joint stock corporations from 1608, leaving aside the great likelihood that you would have lost everything by personally being a victim of one war or another, as the Cherokees did on the Trail of Tears, as the Jews and Gypsies did in the Holocaust, as many of the Guaraníes did in the War of the Triple Alliance, etc. Would you support trade unions being allowed to organize internationally? How about international environmental regulation, like the one that overturned California's MTBE ban? Do you think these institutions can be made to work as well in the world as they do inside the US? (Not that they work well inside the US, but they are currently much weaker internationally.) You can git clone it from http://canonical.org/~kragen/sw/tinybootstrap.git if you like. To summarize, their new strategy is to make allegations of copyright infringement, in response to which, ISPs will voluntarily cut off people's internet access, without the music industry having to prove any copyright infringement in court. Presumably if there were a free market in ISPs, this wouldn't work; the alleged copyright infringers would simply switch to ISPs that didn't have agreements in place with the music industry. So the strategy depends on either suing the ISPs (in violation of the DMCA safe harbor clause? There's no mention of a counter-notice provision) or internet service monopolies who can be bribed. If effective, this would grant a music industry association the power to unilaterally exclude people from participating in the public sphere: no access to Google, no access to Wikipedia, no emailing your lawyer, no blogging about how the music industry is corrupt. Given their remarkable lack of precision in filing lawsuits in the past, let alone their decades-long history of criminal conspiracies and abusive business practices, it seems irresponsible to allow this to happen. I hope you folks in the US can do something about it. To read this document, I would either need to install Flash or sign up for a Scribd account to download the PDF. Is there another place where the document can be found? Is it possible to redirect the original article link to a place with an open-access version of the document? This argument is applicable only to code that runs on only a small number of machines. Using roughly his numbers, you can afford to pay somebody US$100 000 to work for a whole year to make your code 10% faster if that code uses 100% of a million dollars' worth of hardware, which is only 200 high-end US$5000 servers or gaming machines, or 2000 low-end servers. But that's assuming that the benefit of the speed improvement is merely improved throughput resulting in data-center savings. If the issue is that your non-AJAX UI is frustratingly and inconsistently slow and so your ex-customers have switched to your competitors' AJAX app because it has consistent 200ms response times when they click on buttons, it may not matter if their app actually uses more CPU cycles than yours (because half of it is written in JavaScript and your ex-customers aren't running Chrome yet.) If your game gets 20 frames per second and your competitor's game gets 35 frames per second with nicer-looking graphics, you're going to lose sales, even if the customers run the game for only 10 hours each. And that's why gamer games and desktop apps are still written largely in C, C++, or Java with some Lua, and Google's large-scale apps are mostly written in C++ and Java, while small-scale server-based applications and the stuff developed by the in-house IT guys are written in all kinds of higher-productivity, lower-performance languages. Yes, you're right; the market would merely have to be somewhat competitive, not some ahistorical wet dream of Hayek. Regardless of whether monopolists and oligopolists are good or bad in general, I was only trying to establish that in the presence of oligopoly, the RIAA's strategy would be very bad, and in the absence thereof, it would be ineffectual. Yes, I agree, although it might be worth an hour of your time to improve the app's responsiveness if it makes the customers happier. In this case he was using the username "celtics" to provide updates about the Boston Celtics, with their logo as the page background. “Secondly, he saw an opportunity when most people did not, so he should totally benefit from it.” That happened to my wife a couple of months ago; she was trying to use her laptop on the street to record a protest, and someone saw an opportunity where most people did not, and ran off carrying her laptop. I bet he benefited from that. That someone “saw an opportunity when most people did not” doesn't really tell you anything about whether exploiting that opportunity is moral or immoral. Because you worry there wouldn't be a unique way to link to you, or because you don't want your potential customers to know who thinks they're your competitor, or because you're worried people would get confused? DNS's dispute resolution process is pretty badly broken, don't you think? Awesome, you rock! If it were effective, its benefit to investors might exceed the cost to companies; in that case it wouldn't be a tax increase but, effectively, a decrease along with a change in the tax structure. ...and you're not bothering to tell us who it is, so someone from HN might get suckered into working for them next month. It would have taken longer to get working in C, which would have dramatically increased the probability that the project would have gotten killed before it saw users (it sounded like a pretty stupid site to me at first!), and it would be harder to rev the UI and features as often as they did before they hit the scaling problems. But a message server in Ruby with Eventmachine wouldn't have been that hard, would it? I hear there's this material called "flint" that works well for that kind of thing; if you hit it at the right angle with a rock, it forms a sharp edge, very similar to your teeth, and you can use the edge to cut all sorts of things. You fail at reading comprehension. That would be the "ineffectual" branch of my argument. Do rocks make you sad? Or is it the conchoidal fractures? If anything, the sales distribution he shows is significantly flatter than a normal Zipf ("long-tail" or "scale-free" or "80/20") distribution, as you would expect in a free market; app #1 should sell 50× as much as app #50, not merely 10–20× as much, and 100× as much as app #100, not merely 30–50×. It's great that unknown developers can get free marketing by making it to the App Store's top 50 list. Maybe that's why the distribution is flatter than you'd expect? Several people in the blog comments have cited the “camel has two humps” paper, which still hasn’t made it through peer review. There have been some failures to replicate the study. Perhaps their results were an artifact of the authors’ teaching style, i.e. they were just terrible at teaching, so the students who entered the class without knowing the material failed? I’m very skeptical of results that claim that some large fraction of the population is incapable of some mental feat like programming. 500 years ago the same was thought of reading, writing, and arithmetic. (also posted to the blog comments) I had a good experience working for a company like that, actually. I said, “That someone “saw an opportunity when most people did not” doesn't really tell you anything about whether exploiting that opportunity is moral or immoral.”. Your response was a complete non-sequitur, and furthermore it appeared to attribute to me a position including material facts that are probably false. In the comment to which I am replying, you have called me an “asshole.” I appreciate your expressed concern for the constructiveness of the conversation. May I suggest that you try a different strategy if a constructive conversation is what you seek? Putting words in the mouths of other participants and name-calling may not be the most effective way to engage in a constructive conversation. I was just pointing out that rokhayakebe's syllogism, “Secondly, he saw an opportunity when most people did not, so he should totally benefit from it,” depends on an absurd unstated premise. Whether this blogger who we’re talking about happens to be a robo-spamming scumbag or not isn’t really relevant to that. And that is why you fail at reading comprehension. Don't forget Dan Farmer also worked on SATAN. And FWIW the name history on Postfix was: VMailer, then (in parallel) IBM Secure Mailer (forgotten) and Postfix (alive). Wietse's previous work (tcp_wrappers?) didn't have particularly suit-unfriendly names either. Maybe it was Dan who suggested SATAN? That's what I thought! Thanks. There are people who attain native-level proficiency in foreign languages as adults. It is true that children more often do it, but it also seems to take them longer. How many hours a week did you study German in college? I think children growing up in Germany typically study it about 70 to 90 hours a week if their parents are foreigners, or 110 hours a week otherwise, and it takes them about six or seven years to reach a high level of proficiency. By contrast, an acquaintance of mine studied Mandarin Chinese only 40 hours a week as an adult (22-year-old I think) for six months, and then spent the next several years transcribing and analyzing intercepted Chinese telephone conversations 40 hours a week for the next couple of years, thereby achieving a native level of proficiency. So my alternative hypothesis is that kids learn languages well because they try really hard for tens of thousands of hours, while adults rarely do. You know, most ELF executables do have a .comment section, and IIRC Java includes comment text in its *.class files, and comments are included in the HTML and XML DOMs. So it's not a completely insane question. In Pascal, Ada, PL/1, Perl, and C, array assignment or passing an array as a parameter results in a new copy of the array, at least under some circumstances. (For example, in Pascal, it has to be a value parameter, not a var parameter, and in C, the array has to be inside a struct.) These are not exactly obscure languages, so it's surprising that you assert there are no languages that work that way. Do you know any languages other than Java? “Every real language has types,” you say. Except for BLISS, BCPL, almost any assembly language, Forth, B, the Bourne shell, dc, QED, TECO, sed, and old versions of Tcl, to name a few. Again, these are not obscure languages; every piece of software you use is inspired by some of them and implemented in part in others. (There are also languages like Python in which there are only dynamic types, but I agree with your point of view that those are still types.) And that's why I downmodded your comment: not because it was arrogant, but because it was wrong. Maybe this is missing the point, but have you gotten your vision tested? Maybe you're farsighted or nearsighted. I think the world looks a lot more beautiful when it's in sharp focus. You still fail at reading comprehension. You were the one who complained about the discussion not being "constructive," not me. (In the same sentence where you called me an "asshole".) I was just pointing out that you weren't really behaving in a way that often leads to constructive discussion. Consider it a tip. No charge! Feel free to call me an "asshole" as often as you please, if that's what melts your butter. Or a "motherfucker" or "dickhead" if you like. It really doesn't matter to me. But it probably won't lead to constructive conversation! I pretty much gave up hope of constructive discussion when you put words in my mouth, totally failed to understand what I wrote, and accused Twitter of taking a bribe. So I decided to make fun of you instead. Awesome :) Me, I'm in Argentina. We're discussing the conduct of money managers over the last few years, not the stock market in general. What matters for that purpose is not whether he's right for most ten-year stretches; it's whether he would be right for most stretches in which money managers played martingale games as widely as they have in the last few. (If you limit it to ten-year stretches, you can game the metric by adjusting the frequency of the negative outcome to once per century.) Since the expectation (integral of probability density times outcome) of such games can be net-negative, he might be. It depends on how prevalent those games are. There's another angle, too. What matters for the economy as a whole is not one player's expected outcome, but the sum of the expected outcomes over all the players. Aha, cool. Thanks! Are you in China? Maybe, instead, programming is as central to philosophy as mathematics is. One quibble. Graham believes the early philosophers were encouraged by the progress in maths. But was there really much progress before Euclid's Elements...? See http://people.hsc.edu/drjclassics/texts/socrates.shtm : So how else can we know anything if we can’t use our senses? Well, like many others of his time, Socrates was a Pythagorean, a follower of the pre-Socratic philosopher Pythagoras. Now Pythagoras believed that the entire cosmos worked according to mathematical principles – in other words, that there was a plan, a great cosmic dance orchestrated by a divine intelligence. So if that's true, then certainly Socrates’ worldview (as presented by Plato) was very Pythagorean, and the Pythagorean worldview was very much founded on the power of math. And you can find Socrates demonstrating math in some of the dialogues. I don't think that needing thirty thousand hours of practice to learn something qualifies as learning it "easily", and that's how long children normally take to learn their first language. Adults can often learn new languages to an expert or native level of competency in only ten or twenty thousand hours of practice. What's exceptional is the adult who takes that amount of time to learn a language, challenging themselves and trying to improve the whole time. (Exceptional adults may be able to do it in less time, and far less time to achieve a lower level of competency. Sidis supposedly could "learn" a new language in a day.) I count 23 in a PEG language without repetition. Here's an expanded version of your fragment that runs successfully: # from http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=404609 bar = 3 bat = 4 baz = 5 puts(("foo #{bar} %s %s" % [bat, baz]) * 2.+(0b0010)) And here's a grammar for the subset of Ruby it uses: this I have tested it (in http://github.com/kragen/peg-bootstrap/tree/master/peg.md ) and it seems to work for that fragment, although I haven't examined the parse tree to see if it's right. (Obviously the definition of namechar is wrong, and there's no $end token separating statements, and you can't call methods on things that aren't constants or self, etc.) I think I can see how MapReduce could be argued to be a "game-changer" (although I'm not sure it's true), but why F#? If I understand correctly, it's basically OCaml on the CLR. So you get a Python-like brevity of code (and ease of programming? maybe it has better error messages than OCaml?} with C# performance and access to the CLR libraries. That sure sounds useful, but why is it a "game-changer"? Erlang gets a lot of its syntax and implementation technology from Prolog, but it's true that the distinctive things about Erlang (massive shared-nothing concurrency, supervision trees, tuples, pattern-matching on binaries) have nothing in common with the distinctive things about Prolog (backtracking). They both have pattern-matching, but so do lots of other languages (even Python to a small extent). I'm pretty sure Prolog is still being used, but it doesn't have the buzz of, say, Fortran or COBOL or Pascal. All practical Lisps (including Schemes) already have those data structures. In fact, many of them are required even by R5RS. No, not even close. Those guys should be in jail, not paying fines. It's too bad it took a foreign country to even levy a fine. SVG itself has no good implementations. Does SVG mobile? Writing a specification with awesome capabilities is a lot easier than writing the software. Some parts of SVG are supported by those browsers; other parts aren't. Generally the implementations are pretty slow and, last I checked, unstable too. No. CUDA yes. Cg yes. HLSL yes. Verilog yes. VHDL yes. C++ or Java with MapReduce yes. PHP and MySQL with memcached yes. Erlang yes — and it really is functional, inside each process, anyway — that is, the level where you aren't getting any parallelism . Octave or R, potentially, but not today, as far as I know. Mathematica yes, and it, too, is mostly functional. In theory, side effects are what make parallelism hard, and so languages whose semantics are side-effect-free (unlike F# or Mathematica or Erlang) should make it easy. So we all thought in 1980. Since then we spent 20 years or so trying to make that happen, and it basically didn't work. There are basically four kinds of parallelism within easy reach today. There's SIMD, like MMX, SSE, 3DNow, AltiVec, and the like; you'd think that data-parallel languages and libraries like Numpy and Octave would be all over this, but except for Mathematica, that doesn't seem to be happening. There's running imperative code on a bunch of tiny independent processors that share no data; AFAIK that's what the shader languages are doing. There's instruction-level parallelism on a superscalar processor, which largely benefits from things like contiguous arrays in memory, or maybe what Sun is doing with Niagara, where the processor pretends to be a bunch of tiny independent slow processors. And then there's splitting up your data across a shared-nothing cluster, which is how every high-traffic web site works, and that's what MapReduce makes simpler. Uh, and then there's designing your own hardware or programming FPGAs, which is what Verilog and VHDL are for. Languages like OCaml (I don't know anything about F# except that it's like OCaml, but for the CLR) have no special advantage for any of these scenarios. They don't even have the theoretical advantage that they have no side effects and therefore you can speculatively multithread them without breaking the language semantics. They do have the massive practical disadvantage, in most of the scenarios I described, of needing unpredictable amounts of memory, having massive libraries, and using pointers all over the place. Using pointers all over the place kills your locality of reference and your ILP. Having massive libraries and using unpredictable amounts of memory makes it impossible to run them inside your GPU and means they can't run on an FPGA (except by using external memory, like the awesome Reduceron). And nothing about the language semantics helps with SIMD either. So, sheesh, go read Alan Bawden's dissertation or whatever, but don't go around claiming that ML (or even Haskell) is going to magically make your algorithms parallel. We tried that. It didn't work. We're trying something else now. The main thing Joe Developer lacks to do parallel programming is massively parallel hardware, and if he's happy with just getting a 100× speedup with GPGPU hacking, maybe he doesn't even lack that. High-performance parallel programming has very little to do with functional programming languages, today and in the foreseeable future. And please, PHP and MySQL? For computation? Are you serious? What do you think people use PHP and MySQL for, fertilizing flowerpots? Computation is all they do! Obviously the PHP5 interpreter isn't the most computationally efficient medium in the world, but it's where it's at when it comes to horizontal web site scaling, i.e. parallelism. Yes. I strongly recommend against RimuHosting for reasons that should be released in a few weeks. I keep saying this, there is more to computing than websites. I'm aware of that; I wasn't suggesting that people should be programming their websites in Verilog, after all. But running websites is part of computing. I completely concede your point that F#/OCaml/FP in general has little to offer when it comes to serving up web pages more quickly. That wasn't my point; I think functional programming might have a lot to offer when it comes to serving up web pages more quickly, and especially programming web-server software more easily. My point was that functional programming doesn't have a lot to offer when it comes to making your code more parallel. Formatting records from a database for display on a client device isn't all that different since the 80s anyway. I cannot imagine in what sense this sentence could be true. The database architectures, the languages used, the required level of efficiency, the CPU architectures, the scale of operations, the kinds of failure we expect from components, the structure of the machines (then SMP mainframes, now shared-nothing clusters of thousands of computers), the type of people doing it, the client devices, the networks, the formatting, and the nature of the data have all changed dramatically since the 80s. I care about, for example, people not trying to do Monte Carlo work in Java because that's the organization's "standard" language. A language like F# that it is acceptable to use in a large organization with arbitrary standards made by non-technical people is a huge deal. Do you think doing Monte Carlo work in Java is bad? Because of performance? Last I heard, the optimizations in the CLR's JIT were pretty minimal, while the Java JITs had pretty much reached parity with GCC and were breathing down icc's neck. (What Fortran compilers do people use these days?) Maybe you should get excited about people doing Monte Carlo work in Scala instead? Anyway, whether a language is pleasant to program in or has a good compiler has very little to do with whether it helps you take advantage of available hardware parallelism — unless the way in which the compiler is good is that it auto-vectorizes your loops or supports HPF directives or something. As far as I know, F# and Java are equally abysmal at that. I didn't know about it! From a cursory look (all I can find is presentation slides?), it doesn't sound like you'll be able to take any off-the-shelf Haskell subroutines and run them in parallel on the GPU; rather, it's an embedded DSL for constructing shader programs. So I imagine you'd have to learn both CUDA and Obsidian to use it. But it would be awesome if someone came along and proved me wrong. Bar Camp Buenos Aires last year was lots of fun; you can check out my post about it. I missed it this year. It's true that Chile is more capitalist; that could be an advantage or disadvantage depending on your point of view. My wife and I just got our work visas last week after working on it for a year and a half. (It's much easier if you aren't trying to set up a new Argentine company, without Argentine employees or partners, at the same time.) This is a very dubious assertion. What is your underlying theory of value from which you can deduce that assembling a car creates "REAL value," while fixing one (a service) or designing one on contract (also a service) doesn't? First you said: Real value is created only in manufacturing, industry and agriculture. Service, finance and so on are add-ons to those fields. Then you said: I did not say that all service industries do not create value. Actually, you did, in the comment I just quoted, less than a day earlier. What is wrong with your brain , child? Value is created by scarcity. Not only is that a stupid theory of value, it also fails to justify the conclusions you're trying to justify with it: waitresses (and the services they provide) are quite a bit scarcer than, say, corn. Maybe you should test your theory of value by trying to give up something abundant for a few days. Try oxygen. Then you can tell me if oxygen has any value. You have completely failed to articulate a meaningful distinction between autoworkers and waitresses, or between "real value" and whatever its opposite is (illusory value?). Imagine a society with 30 million waitresses and 5 farmers. Those extra waitresses are useless, and such a society cannot work. ... A waitress is no value, a programmer is a lot of value, ... Unless you have robots to plow and harvest (which is harder than it sounds) being constructed by other robots, a society with 30 million programmers and 5 farmers can't work either; neither can you have a society with 30 million iron-ore miners or 30 million autoworkers and 5 farmers. One recent HN thread on the current state of this research: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=404248 The conclusion was, I think, that psychologists no longer believe that children learn languages more easily than adults. Regardless of whether he would need to, or what kind of person would do such a thing, that's exactly what he did. 50 or so in my case. But the person who thinks the feature doesn't exist has a karma of 2053. Maybe it's not conditioned just on karma? Thanks for the clarification! Yeah, I agree that the thread doesn't constitute very strong evidence for that conclusion, but both of us ended up concluding that after the thread. Your thought experiment is very interesting. It would indeed be very straightforward to invent a language that relied on absolute pitch; modems use such languages, after all. It would be straightforward for humans to use languages which, in this way, would be very difficult to learn as adults. So I wonder why there aren't any languages like that? As far as I know, all tone languages use relative pitch rather than absolute pitch. Vocal range isn't an adequate answer, since you could transpose the pitches into the octave or two that a particular speaker could cover comfortably. I think you could get them for less than that by 1994, like $5,000. But then Jim Clark gave up trying to turn SGI into a mass-market company and went to go start some software company. The page is broken: "Service Temporarily Unavailable". I guess that's why you shouldn't host your pages on GeoCities. I was a member of the first coworking space in San Francisco for a few weeks toward the end --- the one at Spiral Muse. I've also been to the (now defunct) hacklab here in Buenos Aires, to SuperHappyDevHouse (which is sort of an intermittent hacker space), to TechShop, to some classes at the Crucible, and gone to Wiki Wednesday at Citizen Space, and I'm considering signing up as a client of CoworkCentral here. So, given this broad but shallow experience, I think coworking spaces don't have much in common with hacker spaces; coworking spaces (IME) are a place where people go primarily to work (and aren't necessarily hackers, nor are they necessarily going to be happy with you interrupting their work to ask for help with your own), while hacker spaces are where they go to spend time with other hackers and work on fun stuff that you aren't getting paid for, in a fun collaborative setting. You might meet cofounders of a company at a hacker space and then go start your company in a coworking facility. I recognize that my experience on both sides is pretty shallow, though. noahlt writes: "Except maybe that coworking facilities already exist and work." I'm pretty sure hacker spaces have been around a few more years than coworking spaces. What do you think about TechShop? Yes, but you can survive without alcohol, caffeine, sex, and reckless driving. Without salt you die, painfully and fairly soon. I think that was what "anewaccountname" was quibbling about. It's pretty difficult to not get enough salt unless you're fasting or in a hot climate. Why are we tolerating this kind of witch-hunting? This is very little different from arresting people because they know how to read or wear glasses. They ought to be arresting the kids who don't have chemical labs in their garages for criminal lack of curiosity. What's the current legal status of bundling the JRE with your application? I seem to recall that fairly recently (three or four years ago) you had to download it from Sun and "sign" a clickwrap agreement in order to get it working. Thanks! Impossible to say, since he doesn't tell us who they are. The issue isn't with the absence of mouse gestures; it's with the absence of link targets. I want to second this --- I don't like working in places that are exclusionary, that privilege gender (or, say, ethnicity0 above talent. It's not about the eye candy. Generally places that you'd only want to work if you were male are not places I want to work. To have "a good ROI via recruiting," never mind the etc., he just has to improve his profits by more than 40k per year, by making better products than he would have otherwise, by hiring better people than he would have otherwise --- or by having to pay 40k less per year in salary, although that seems less likely. Although the chain of causality here has a lot of randomness attached to it, if he has a few million dollars in revenue per year, such an improvement hardly seems implausible. The flip side is that spending a lot of money on something apparently unnecessary might incline you to spend more money on things that are actually unnecessary. (I'm assuming "a good ROI" means 4% per year.) Since that's the case, the Opera feature to mention is something about successfully opening JavaScript links in new windows, not mouse gestures; talking about the mouse gestures just confused me. No. Ponzi schemes are zero-sum; that's why they're doomed to failure when they promise above-unity average returns. Academia discovers knowledge; once the knowledge is discovered, everyone everywhere benefits from it, but especially in academia. It's as far from zero-sum as you can get! The "leverage" of N Ph.D. students per [insert desired definition of success] position amplifies the effectiveness of academia considerably, but academia would still work more or less the same way without it. (I am not now and have never been an academic, although I've spent a fair bit of time with academics. Consequently I am both reasonably-well-informed and minimally biased.) For most things I agree that showing is better than telling, but bias is different. If someone is in a position to judge whether my point of view is biased, then they already have a clearer idea of the truth than I do, so they don't benefit from reading my expression of that point of view. It's the people who don't already know what I have to say (or don't already know that it's false, if I am in error) who need to know how biased I am. So I gave some information about my background, which I hope will give readers a better chance of forming an accurate idea of my state of objectivity and ignorance. I paste from http://del.icio.us/kragen/jpg . I'm as happy to see these guys fail as I am to see Bernie Madoff. 2007-06-03 http://www.flickr.com/groups/jpgmag/discuss/7215760022357183... Clarifications in The Unofficial JPG Magazine Group on Flickr, thread started by Paul Cloutier 2007-05-17 730 words from Paul Cloutier about what happened with the JPG blowup. Still doesn't explain why the first 6 issues are still missing from the issues page, why the official 8020 blog is still full of lies, etc. tagged: paul-cloutier fraud jpg 2007-05-19 http://www.flickr.com/groups/jpgmag/discuss/7215760022221027... "context is everything", a discussion thread in The Unofficial JPG Magazine Group, started 2007-05-16 1200 words from Alana, the wife of Paul Cloutier, adding no new information to the scandal over Paul deleting the old JPG issues and rewriting history, but calling Derek Powazek a liar. Derek responds in 650 more words. tagged fraud paul-cloutier 8020 jpg 2007-05-18 http://www.8020publishing.com/blog/2007/05/dereks_departur.h... Derek's Departure, from Paul Cloutier, via 8020 Publishing Blog 200 words subtly announcing his decision to back off on rewriting JPG Magazine's history, without acknowledging that it was his dishonesty that led to Derek's departure or providing an alternate explanation. tagged decentralization-stories 8020 fraud paul-cloutier jpg http://powazek.com/posts/534 The Real Story of JPG Magazine, from Derek Powazek, 2007-05-14 1500 words on JPG Magazine/8020/Paul Cloutier's new campaign of lying and rewriting history. "People are too smart and well-connected to believe a lie anymore." JPG published nice photos from Flickr etc. on paper. tagged decentralization-stories communication 8020 fraud paul-cloutier jpg Oh, I think the complaint was that normally middle-click opens things in a new tab (which it does, and has since Mosaic 1.0, except that before we had tabs they were windows) but that doesn't work with Picasa or whatever, because they're JavaScript links. Mutt's threads aren't all-in-a-page; you only see one message at a time. I'm almost inspired to build a web site in Fortran. I agree that it has a bunch of novel ideas, but I wouldn't list the register-based VM and table optimizations among them; register-based VMs go back to the 1950s, depending on how you want to count, and using different representations for tables used as arrays and tables used as hashes (that's what you mean by "table optimizations", right?) is pretty unsurprising. I'm not saying it isn't a great engineering achievement; I never would have predicted that those things would have been worth the cost in Lua's context, and they were, brilliantly so. I would instead list their one-pass-compiler implementation of flat closures and their approach to continuations, and especially integrating continuations with C code calling back into Lua. I second the recommendation of the paper. I also think their paper on LPEG is worth reading for anyone who is considering using regular expressions or yacc or ANTLR for anything: http://www.inf.puc-rio.br/~roberto/docs/peg.pdf If you had implemented a simple string search, and then someone told you that it was usually possible to do a string search without examining all the characters of the string, you'd probably come up with some Boyer-Moore variant. Nevertheless it took decades for people to come up with it. It's one of those cases where the basic idea is the really hard part. Binary search, among the very basic algorithms, is toward the other extreme. An incorrect version of the algorithm was published something like 20 years before a bug-free version was published. The fact that Eric Raymond generated both of those ideas refutes your assertion. It's an interesting question how much code you can copy under the fair use doctrine. I don't think I've ever seen it tested in court. Yes, I agree that stack-based VMs are more common than register-based VMs, and it was an unusual decision on the part of the Lua folks to choose a register-based VM, particularly given their emphasis on implementation simplicity. And it appears to have paid off, which is pretty cool! I'm glad you've enjoyed the various links. I meant the way it behaves as both a dict and a table You mean, a dict and an array? I'm not sure I agree with their decision to unify those structures, but it does seem not to have cost them much implementation complexity or performance. You could have written your CGI scripts in Tcl too --- it was also dynamic, interpreted, and widely available. But Perl was better. Do you mean, "was not as unambiguous "? Dijkstra also used to talk about how computing science was a particularly difficult branch of mathematics, basically for the same reason that Vanier is asserting; he recommended that only particularly good mathematicians should switch to computing science, leaving the mediocre mathematicians to what they were already doing. I think in the early days Tim was more interested in writing literary criticism of sci-fi than in making a buck, although I didn't know him. However, his book on Frank Herbert remains the only work of literary criticism I've ever read in full. I had a coworker who used to use "in reality" in place of "actually", which is even worse. Usually he used it immediately prior to statements that needed quite a bit of justification. It used to drive me nuts. Eventually I realized that when he said, "in reality," he meant, "in my opinion," and from then on we got along much better. Areas other than intelligence, perhaps. Congratulations on being smart enough to ask stupid questions! Here's what Jake Appelbaum, one of the Noisebridge founders, said about this discussion: There are huge differences. Noisebridge, a 501c3 in San Francisco, is tangentially related to the so-called "hackerspaces" movement. Coworking is a gym, Noisebridge is a community. Coworking spaces are quiet places to do your day job. Noisebridge is a place to learn why your kernel module isn't working by talking to the person to your left. The person to your left just happens to be a kernel hacker and she is totally happy to talk to you; she's there for both social and technical reasons. It's a safe space for asking questions and it's a safe space to find the answers together. It's the kind of place where you drag a safe in off of the street and learn how to crack it. Because you're spending your spare time with ten other people interested in understanding mechanical locks, it will open. Jack Crenshaw's "Let's Build a Compiler" gives a tutorial in Pascal of how to do this. My own StoneKnifeForth compiles itself in an AST-free way in less than 120 lines of code, but I haven't released it yet. Ur-Scheme ( http://canonical.org/~kragen/sw/urscheme/ ) doesn't have any intermediate representation other than the S-expression representation of the code; it uses that to perform closure analysis. Probably an AST is the easiest form to perform this on. The Lua guys came up with an implementation technique for closures that doesn't require building a parse tree first, but it's quite a bit more complicated. Nationalizing health insurance might improve quality; the quality of health care in the US is pretty appallingly bad, compared to, say, Argentina. I hear health care in nearly all the other OECD countries is also nationalized, lower in cost, and higher in quality than in the US, but I only have personal experience with health care in the US, Argentina, Canada, and the Federated States of Micronesia (where I can assure you that health care is terrible). Admittedly the health care we've used so far here in Argentina hasn't been the public system, but I hear it's not that bad either. The downmodded poster is civilly proposing that we essentially outlaw speculative public investments — those in companies that don't yet have significant revenue. Under the policy suggested (price to yearly revenue of no more than 8×), the Industrial Revolution would not have happened, nor would the semiconductor revolution or the software industry. Furthermore, their policy would periodically prohibit trading in any companies that had large revenue volatility — except at fire-sale prices. You can make an argument that these are desirable social aims, or at least they are drawbacks that are worth the costs, but the poster has not attempted to make such a case. Consequently others assume that they don't know what they're talking about, or that they're deliberately proposing a dumb idea in order to get reactions ("trolling"). Extremely basic article, written in poor English, fails to explain the real reasons GC isn't used in the places where it isn't used, full of vague pronouncements ("it makes execution flow very un-predictable and hence GC becomes almost mandatory"). And it misses the big advantages of garbage collection: by allowing you to handle arbitrary-sized data structures as easily as if they were integers, it makes your programs easier to understand — not just easier to read! Not worth reading. Looks like fun! What kind of drivers does it have? And what license? If you want it to be public domain, you could use the Creative Commons Public Domain Deed to clarify that. Right now, if I were to download your code, decide not to use it, write something similar, make a successful commercial open-source product from it, and then you got hit by a bus and your sister inherited your copyright, she could sue me on the theory that you didn't really know what it meant when you said, "I suppose you could say it's public domain." It's a little depressing to hear you say it took you three months working really hard, because it means it would probably take me about the same time. (I have no reason to think I'm any smarter than you are.) Maybe I should stick to AVRs for real-time stuff... So if you can just put the main program statements into the file without wrapping it in a function or anything, it's a "scripting language", but if you have to wrap it in a main() function or something, it's not? That's a definition of "scripting language" that includes x86 assembly for MS-DOS .COM files as a "scripting language", but excludes VBScript macros for Microsoft Word, I think. Now, I don't know what you think, but these two languages seem to me to be almost perfect exemplars of the opposite extremes from how this definition would classify them. x86 assembly for .COM files has no type checking, no type coercion, no strings, no hash tables, very little in the way of runtime support (it pretty much owns the whole machine when it's running, under actual MS-DOS anyway, and you have to build everything yourself), takes months to learn enough about a computer to program in, typically is only used by fairly hard-core programmers, and there are no compatible interpreter implementations. VBScript is strongly dynamically typed, has strings, is used to "script" an existing application, runs in an interpreter, and is typically used by people who don't think of themselves as programmers. So I suggest that Matz's definition may not really express what people are normally thinking of when they say "scripting languages". Great! That's awesome! (Although it's true that CC-BY isn't really intended for software, it's open-source and IIRC GPL-compatible, so it's plenty good enough for me. The 4-clause BSD license recommended by the other poster is not GPL-compatible.) AVRs are these fun little cheap microcontrollers; the Arduinos and Chalkroaches, among other things, use them. Writing enough code to drive a couple of on-board UARTs and switch between some real-time processes on an ATMega AVR would be a thing to do in an evening or a week, not three months. So three months to do the same thing due to the unnecessary complexities of PC hardware is kind of depressing! It's a little less depressing if you were only working on it, like, 8 hours a week or something. Um, where I was complaining about the quality of the prose in the original article, I wrote "not just easier to read " when I meant "not just easier to write ". Serves me right, I guess. Oh, well, a month part-time doesn't sound so bad. And I already have a lot of the subpar Intel documentation in my head. I think you can be a very clever guy and still have misunderstandings of how neural networks work. They aren't contradictory! What do you think "semantics" means? What part of South America do you live in? Your description could fit biking here in Buenos Aires. Operating systems are a means to an end other than building an application. Libraries are a means to the end of building an application. Operating systems are a means to a different end: running multiple applications together. The way that operating systems do this has changed over the years. At first, it was just by letting one run while the other is waiting on the tape drive, or the user. Later, it was by letting one read the files of the other, or by permitting you to readily use hundreds of kilobytes of memory on a 16-bit machine by connecting processes through FIFOs, or by allowing objects in one process to call methods on objects in another. There were a number of kinds of interactions between applications that seem like they should be more straightforward to build in Plan 9 than in Linux. I don't have any experience with Plan 9, so I could be wrong about these: Untrusted processes in Plan 9 can do the equivalent of chroot, and because things like network access go through the filesystem, chrooting them can restrict those things too. Something like VNC, providing a shared window to run graphical applications in, should be nearly trivial to build in 8½, and wouldn't lose accelerated graphics --- it should even be easier than in the VT-100 world where screen runs. Virtual desktop software should be easier, and work better, in 8½ than in X (at least prior to Compiz). Spreading such a large virtual display across more than one physical display, as with x2x (but with the ability to move windows between them) is the same problem as the shared display. A networked chat application should be able to use 9P (within the SSI) and therefore the client should be a simple shell script, while the server merely has to provide a 9P service accessible over the network. And then there are the examples that are actually in the Plan9 papers: exporting your local process namespace to a compute server so that your compute-intensive process there can access all of your local resources transparently; 8½ itself. And of course anything that deals with text on Plan9 can assume it's in UTF-8, rather than guess. (To the extent that's not true, it's because it's trying to interact with programs beyond the boundaries of the Plan9 system. You can't expect Plan9 to make much of a difference for how applications not on Plan9 interact.) There are any number of features that are implemented currently on Linux, but badly, that a cleaner architecture like Plan9's would support better. x2x is one example; the "virtual filesystems" in GNOME and KDE, which permit you to access network servers and digital cameras and CD audio (but only in some applications) are another. International text is a third; I don't know about you, but I'm constantly running into character-set incompatibilities. (What do you mean, Python doesn't know what encoding my source code is in? And why isn't naïve a valid variable name?) Attempts like Janus and Plash and CPUShare (and Chrome! and Native Client!) to run native code in an environment without full access to your account are, I think, a fourth. Your implicit assertions about the proposals of the "free culture" crowd are false; your terminology raises unnecessary confusion; and your economic analysis is incoherent. You're confused about what the "free culture" crowd advocates. Let's restrict this discussion just to copyright. Lessig does not advocate the abolition of copyright (and neither do I). He advocates reasonable limitations on its scope, and that copyright owners should consider when they do and do not permit others to use their works without payment, rather than always requiring payment. There's very little that can be said coherently about "intellectual property" in general; trademarks, trade secret protection, and copyright, to name just a few, are very, very different. Maybe you can say this: "Intellectual property" laws turn the ideas and tools needed to carry out intellectual work into property, where they weren't before. They also turn some of the results of that intellectual work into property. This is a good deal for investors in intellectual ventures; if their employees can't quit and start a competing company, the company can charge its customers a higher price, and the employees can't demand higher wages. If intellectual ventures need investors, maybe that's worth the cost. But many creative people (God, I hate the word "creatives") and intellectuals have pursued their art as a profession in the absence of any "intellectual property", and often in the absence of investors. Lawyers, doctors, professors, judges, consultants, investment managers, schoolteachers, stage actors, many engineers, scientists, and symphony musicians all perform intellectual work as a profession without any "intellectual property". Even the majority of programmers write software for which copyright licenses are never sold --- either because it's only used inside of one company, or because it's free software. So your implicit assertion that eliminating intellectual property would leave "creatives" and intellectuals bereft of the ability to make a profession of their interests is false, and historically and economically illiterate. Your name-calling ("quite literally ... retarded") and explicit appeals to hatred ("you're putting it into the hands of the very people many in this crowd hate") do not rescue your point from being a falsehood, completely out of touch with reality. This is a different distinction than the one the other poster reported that Matz proposes, but it's not useful either. You can do it in C, even without using the preprocessor; see http://gist.github.com/51416 , which does it with weak symbols. Worse, whether C is a "scripting language" or not depends only on the presence or absence of such trivial features. Your distinction would make Java a "scripting language," because every class can have its own main function, and still leaves x86 assembly as a "scripting language", and now it makes GNU C a "scripting language" too; and given the nondeterministic invocation order of the constructors of static objects, it makes any particular C++ implementation a "scripting language" too. Aha, cool. We have guests visiting from Montevideo this weekend. codecon.info. erica.biz. By 1994, when I first used Linux, it was vastly better than any other Unixes for interactive use. The basic Unix software was much higher quality than other Unixes (see the original "fuzz") paper for some measurements of this), much more featureful (look at the old joke about GNU Hello, the "hello, world" program with 150 options), and much more usable (e.g. --version and --help , long options in general, tab-completion and WYSIWYG command-line editing in bash; compare to csh !-2:s/vresion/version/). Linux defaults in 1994: fvwm , rxvt , color (in ls and rxvt ), Emacs, Seyon, less . Unix defaults in 1994: twm (or mwm if you were really unlucky), xterm (huge memory hog), black and white, vi (not Vim!), cu , and a more where you couldn't scroll backwards. Also remember term ? You could get, approximately, an internet connection through a dialup shell account on Linux, by the simple expedient of recompiling all of your networking software to use term . When I started using IRIX in 1994, ls to a terminal defaulted to single-column output; find . -follow -print on a directory with symlinks up the hierarchy would infinite-loop; find defaulted to starting from no directories and not doing anything with the files it found; etc. It had a much prettier GUI and 3-D acceleration, though. Remember also that at the time Microsoft OSes shipped with no TCP/IP support. I can't prevent you from using that definition of "scripting language" but I don't think it has much in common with the usual meaning of the term. Mathematics started maybe 2500 years ago. Calculus wasn't discovered until less than 400 years ago. The crisis in mathematics spawned by non-Euclidean geometry didn't happen until less then 200 years ago. Symbolic logic was in the last century or two. Biology is presumably older. No need to point out what we've done in the last century. Herbal medicine goes back much further than we have records. But penicillin (from molds) wasn't discovered until the 1930s. Ironworking goes back 3000 years. The Bessemer process was developed less than 200 years ago. Archery and animal husbandry go back to the Stone Age. But less than 1000 years ago, new developments in horseback archery were crucial to Genghis Khan's conquest of most of Eurasia. Plant breeders have been studying plant heredity and breeding more productive cultivars since the Stone Age. Then 50-some years ago we discovered the structure of DNA, and now we have a remarkable variety of projects based on it. A "mature subfield" is just one that had its last big development a while ago. In the case of "systems," that development in 2000 had been perhaps minicomputers or C. Pike was right in 2000 but his polemic is not applicable to 2009. Look what's happened since 2000. MapReduce. Eventual consistency all over the place. Software transactional memory (even if that turns out not to pan out, there are lots of people using ZODB already). Google App Engine. Virtualization (VMWare has 3000 employees) and paravirtualization (XenSource's work is based on the RTLinux approach pioneered at New Mexico Tech), which incidentally involve new operating system kernels. Google Native Client. Widespread use of mobile code in AJAX apps. Haskell and OCaml are becoming usable and have been used in a few widespread apps. The inner loops of games are written in Cg or HLSL. OS X introduced a new way to structure Unix graphics (which is now being used by Compiz). JIT compilation has gone mainstream in the JVM, the CLR, and Chrome v8. We build our GUIs in Flex or DHTML instead of GDI or Quartz or even X. The hot new software is all written in Ruby or new dialects of Lisp. The majority of internet traffic is BitTorrent, which didn't exist in 2000. People develop software in refactoring IDEs. We store our files in decentralized source-control systems that use self-certifying names, like Git and Mercurial. Sun's hottest new products are a filesystem and a profiler. Firefox is having XPCOM ripped out of it largely by means of automated transformations of C++ code. Transmeta failed but you can hardly claim they weren't applying systems software research in industry. TCP/IP now does service autodiscovery the way Appletalk used to, so groups of people with laptops collaboratively take notes in real-time with SubEthaEdit. Lightroom was largely written in Lua, from a university in Brazil; lots of games are scripted in it. Lots of other apps are written largely in Python, which came from a university in Holland and then CNRI. C and C++ are much less dominant than they were in 2000. OS X runs on CMU's Mach. Today, systems software --- operating systems, networking, languages --- is an extremely active field today, with lots and lots of research being done that's highly relevant to and influential in industry. Most of the exciting demos I see these days are noncommercial or come from corporate R&D labs. There's still ossified and insular research but there's also a huge explosion of new and innovative research. Instead of a high-end workstation with Unix, X, Emacs, TCP/IP, Netscape, C, C++, Java, and Perl, now we have Unix (often in the form of MacOS or Linux+GNOME or KDE), X (with Compiz), Emacs (revitalized!) or Eclipse or SharpDevelop; Firefox with Firebug, Flash, Canvas, AdBlock Plus, and GreaseMonkey instead of Netscape 4, or just as likely some WebKit browser; TCP/IP but with zeroconf, IPv6, and 802.11; C#, Java, Python, Ruby, and above all JavaScript. no one is going to spend $200 for an OS on a $200 computer They would if they had to. Lots of people spend $200 on games for a $200 game console, don't they? I just spent $380 on a computer to run on a $20 power supply, because without the computer, the power supply is pretty useless. The difference is that Linux is now good enough that they don't have to spend $200 on an OS. Last I remember, this patch was purported to make a big difference precisely because it improves branch prediction, by giving the CPU a bunch of different possible sites to jump from. If you post something and it gets flagged and removed, there's no way to tell what you did wrong. Most dot-com sites are kind of scummy. E-commerce dot-com sites are especially scummy. eBay is one of the scummiest of all the sites that aren't out-and-out scams. Craigslist kicks their ass primarily by being trustworthy, IMHO. I read the whole thing and I thought you were about to quit doing it too. The pronoun "one" has mostly fallen out of use ("One starts to feel...") and the usual substitute in modern English is "you". It doesn't literally mean that the writer is talking about the reader. Oh, I'm glad to hear it fizzled! In my book, saying things that make sense counts more than not saying "ass". That's not what "trolling" means. See http://www.curezone.com/forums/troll.asp or http://captaininfinity.us/rightloop/alttrollFAQ.htm for more details. Not having to commute is a big benefit, but of course it's possible for a company to make it so much of a hassle that it's not worth it. There may be people who wear T-Shirt Hell shirts because they think they're funny instead of because they want to offend people and get a reaction, but that's not germane to the question of whether anonymity is one of the essential elements of trolling. It isn't. Close enough. Is it really kosher to post things to Hacker News that you can't read without signing a contract that runs to several thousand words? Ariane 5 blew up thanks to an unhandled integer overflow exception, not anything related to floating point. Linux used to be 2GiB/2GiB too, just like NT. It changed because people with big processes were unhappy; for a while there was an unofficial kernel patch for the 3GiB/1GiB split. Maybe NT didn't change because not as many people were running supercomputers on NT, or because changing NT is harder. You don't have to relink your userland binaries to do this because they don't contain virtual addresses of kernel data structures, only their own data structures. Expanding the space available for mmap won't force those data structures to move. You can pretty much load Wine libraries wherever you want; it's pretty rare for a program to break if memory it assumed was unmapped gets used for a library, and programs that break that way will have a lot of trouble when Windows versions change too. Generally programs are only linked with knowledge of where they themselves will be loaded in virtual memory. (Linux ELF shared libraries don't even know that.) All the other addresses are given to the program at startup. It is unusual for Linux binaries to believe that they will be loaded above 2GiB; the usual start address is 0x08048000. Here's the memory map of a process running under Wine: http://gist.github.com/53853 --- note that there's a lot of Wine and X11 stuff loaded below 2GiB (0x80000000). Soda here in Argentina‚ especially the cheap stuff (Suitty and Pritty), uses HFCS too, although it's called "JMAF" (jarabe de maíz de alta fructosa). Also, apparently HFCS is easier to handle in manufacturing equipment, maybe because it's liquid. Therefore I am downmodding your comment due to factual incorrectness. While I'm not in favor of the reducing-world-trade argument, I have a hard time with the idea that using tax dollars to buy expensive executive perqs and pay hefty year-end bonuses is going to help the economy recover. Forth is not adept at dealing with nested lists of anything . It doesn't have linked lists, garbage collection, or traditionally even heap allocation. It does have recursion, but it doesn't traditionally have local variables, and mutual recursion (really handy when you're doing anything related to ASTs) requires using DEFER or something. Do you have a lot of experience writing Forth? Before compilation, Forth words don't exist. During compilation, they are flat lists of other words, not nested lists of other words. After compilation, they can be just about anything. Forth is great for embedded DSLs but it's not because of its great ability to deal with nested lists of words. Wait, you can grow diamonds in a laboratory. When you say "in our favor," are you speaking as a vendor or a buyer? If by "engineers" you mean "programmers" then yes; but I think that among actual engineers, you'll find a lot of people who ride in cars they designed, walk across bridges they designed, cut with tools they designed, drive on roads they designed, and so on. You can learn a part of C++ in a week or two weeks, but really internalizing all the subtle gotchas takes longer. Static initialization order fiasco? Exception-safety without needing catch (...) { ... throw; } clauses? Why X-is-a-Y implies pointer-to-X-is-a-pointer-t-Y but not pointer-to-pointer-to-X-is-a-pointer-to-pointer-to-Y? Why do I get a long pause when I exit this scope where I destroy just one object? How do I debug a segfault? How do I debug multithreaded deadlock? When should I use a virtual base class? Etc. You can't learn all that stuff in a week or two. And maybe you shouldn't learn it at all; for many applications there are things that will work better than C++ without so much complexity, whether that's C or Java or Python. Maybe it would be better if the machine's owner could extract that secure channel, rather than the OS. For example, if you could reflash the BIOS with a JTAG header on the motherboard, then you could be sure that no compromised BIOS code survived (unless your JTAG programmer was broken). Or you could have a boot monitor in non-Flash ROM that could checksum the Flash BIOS, and then you could compare the checksum to the version before the malware ran, and pop the Flash chip out of its socket to replace it if necessary. Does that answer the threat model you're thinking of? A lot of the stuff under the "Trusted Computing" rubric goes a lot further than what you're describing. Some of it is designed to allow third parties (other than the OS and the machine's owner) to establish a secure channel to the chipset and the hardware over the network. That is almost certainly a bad idea. A public-key pair in a chip is way overkill for the threat model I was talking about. Is it the same threat model you were talking about? You didn't answer that question. And while it's perhaps necessary and desirable that our machines contain tamper-resistant chips with public-key pairs in them, it's neither necessary nor desirable that the private key be secret from the machine's legitimate owner, which is part of the TCG scheme. Maybe kickboxing exams? There are lots of reasons to comment in different places. HN has a more pleasant UI (not as nice as Reddit's, though), I don't have to wait for the blog owner to approve my comment after moderation (or worry that they'll delete it if it's critical), I don't have to worry that it'll be rejected because it's too long or cites too many sources, I don't have to try to figure out what goofy markup the blog expects, and I can go back and see the replies to my recent comments fairly easily. And with the voting system it's easier to find the good comments. There are advantages to doing it on the blog post itself, too. People who find the blog post a year from now will see comments on the blog post itself, most blog comment software at least supports more markup than just paragraphs and italics, the blog author is more likely to read it, etc. Awesome! How do you use it in Linux? The boards you're suggesting use a lot more power and provide a lot more computation power than the AT90USB162. This has 21 I/O lines. You could drive H-bridges for five stepper motors off of it, or a 14-digit LCD display, or an 8-digit LCD display and a 3×3 keypad, etc. It doesn't have an ADC but with a little external electronics you could easily use it to digitize signals from e.g. thermistors or pressure sensors or tilt sensors. You can run it from USB power, and USB power adapters are cheap and widely available. You can generate voice-quality audio using PWM, although I don't think you have enough CPU power to synthesize voice in real-time; you'd have to be reading it off a flash chip or a network or something. If you want to build a white-LED-driven stroboscope to check your engine timing, or get fault codes out of your OBD-II, or sound an alarm when the air conditioner is on and the window is open, or control your five-axis robot, etc etc etc., something like this is ideal. Atmel has a set of application notes for the chip at http://www.atmel.com/dyn/products/app_notes.asp?part_id=4097 that show some example things you can do with it. Please go work in some other industry. Right, and this sweet little chip already has the PWM output and the analog comparator, and you can get a wakeup interrupt from the comparator. And then there's the VFC/VCO approach someone else suggested. But I think you can get a higher sample rate with a dedicated ADC. How fast can you do the PWM/comparator trick on a device like this? Great, thanks! I wonder if there's a free-software approach too. The problem is that having those capabilities in your hardware changes informed users' negotiating position with Microsoft from "I don't have any way to prove to you that I'm not running under SoftICE" to "I don't want to prove to you that I'm not running under SoftICE". To answer your earlier question, I don't do any work with TCG standards, in part because I don't want to make the situation any worse and in part because I find modern computer security in general extremely depressing. I use GANDI and I've never had any problems like those. The fact that GoDaddy is permitted to register domains demonstrates that ICANN has failed. Although reading this book changed my life, you will get a lot more benefit out of it if you do a bunch of exercises instead of just reading it. Let's hypothesize that hyperbolic discounting is a good model for how market research people will value focus-group information: they will pay twice as much if it takes half as much time to perform a focus group and digest the results. If it currently takes two weeks to do a focus group, and it takes 30 seconds on Facebook, then not only does it become reasonable to ask questions that you need only five minutes to digest the results of --- but you'll be willing to pay 4000 times as much, say, per question. Or, more likely, ask questions that are 4000 times less valuable, and pay the same amount. That's not plausible --- there's probably some other limiting factor. But it could easily be bigger than Gartner. Doing a poll on this thing could have the same relationship to traditional polling and focus groups that Google has to library research. I do maybe 100 Google searches a day, maybe 100× as many as I ever did card-catalog searches in a library. Can you imagine marketing guys and politicians doing 100 opinion polls a day? Sure, but he's from Valleywag (he launched the site and eventually got fired for being too gossipy even for Gawker and Valleywag ), and he's starting a site to encourage people to keep a visual online diary of their sex lives. He'd have to post thousands of fantastic comments here in order to compensate for the damage to civility he's done in his life so far. (I know this is kind of harsh, but if you think I wouldn't say it in person, you probably haven't met me.) (projecting this article to 10 years ago) Server-Users need commercial applications. That's just the way it is. The extra ten percent of features that makes an app usable for your average Server-User are the 10% that every developer hates; those features are hard and boring to develop, and implementing them is just no fun. You need to pay developers to implement them. Do you really think that something like INFORMIX-ONLINE is going to be created by the community? My coworker, who manages our customer service group, shelled out 1500 deutschmarks for INFORMIX. He does not regret it, even though installation is a PITA. Why? It just works: it works with our network; he gets results fast; there are a bunch of skilled DBAs and books available, etc. In Linux we are stuck with mSQL. Sorry, but no cigar! INFORMIX calibre software will NOT be created by the community. It just takes TOO much manpower, TOO much work. No one is coding that in his spare-time. This kind of software will also not be created by an open-source company. There is no business-model that would supports the effort. Just imagine if INFORMIX released INFORMIX-ONLINE as open-source - you think that people would still shell out 1500DM for a boxed-version? Nope, people would just copy it. There are some exceptions. For example, Cygnus receives their money from chip manufacturers not from their users. We already have something like this --- Google Search. See http://www.google.com/search?q=googel etc. Do you think the 911 quotas for all the VoIP systems added together amount to more than the staff for the 911 center, in some locale? How about the number of emergency responders? Even if not, you could still DoS the VoIP service your target was using. Generalisations just don't work IMO. All affirmations are true in some sense, false in some sense, meaningless in some sense, true and false in some sense, true and meaningless in some sense, false and meaningless in some sense, and true and false and meaningless in some sense. Consult your pineal gland! →← But there aren't a lot of differences in Spanish: sometimes "x" is "ks" and other times "j" (and which one can vary, for the same word, between regions); the "k" sound can be either "k" or "qu"/"c"; and outside of Spain, the "z"/"c" is indistinguishable from the "s". And there's the silent "h". And "ll" vs. "y", and occasionally "i" vs. "y". And then there are regular phonological shifts that vary by dialect, but those don't really pose a problem for spelling. But that's about the extent of the exceptions. It's very rare that I mispronounce a word after reading it, or misspell it after hearing it, the way I did as a child with "diarrhea" and "albeit" and "pe des tal" and no doubt dozens of others I can't even remember now. Relevant is this snippet from http://norvig.com/experiment-design.html : In my own work, we do a dozen or more experiments every day, and our typical value is p=0.0000001% -- one in a billion or so. Sometimes we get a p of one in a trillion. And even then we agonize over whether we should believe the results of the experiment. Don't you wish you could do a dozen or more experiments on human subjects each day, with a p of one in a billion? Is it really window ? I thought it was just the value of this in the caller of foo2() — which might happen to be window or something else. Historically we've had real neutrality without any regulation. In the last few years the local monopolies have made a number of moves to turn that neutrality off, and in some cases there have been serious abuses; and they've also started trying to persuade politicians that neutrality is a bad idea. Regulation that maintains the status quo of network neutrality is going to be a lot easier to achieve than regulation repeal to strip local phone and cable providers of their legal regulated monopolies. How do you spend $1000 a month on food? That's $10 a meal! You can't spend $10 a meal even if you eat half a pound of Safeway steak for breakfast, lunch and dinner. At the other end of the spectrum, dry rice is 33¢ a pound, beans and corn are 50¢ a pound, vegetable oil is $1.29 a liter; multivitamins, water and gas are basically free. The standard corn/beans/rice diet costs about 10¢ per pound of cooked food, which is a meal for four people, 1% of what you were spending. It won't cost that much if you make lunches for the week at home on the weekend. A lot of people in the comments here are talking about the return on investment of the law-school tuition, but nobody seems to have calculated it. First, some comparison figures. Warren Buffett expects businesses he buys to return about 4% on capital. The US stock market during the 20th century returned about 10% on capital. A bank loaned me money to buy a house in 2000 at a 6.5% interest rate, before the mortgage bubble; presumably it thought that was a good return on the capital it invested in the loan. But it had some risk that I would default on the loan, which lowers its expected return on capital to something a bit below 6.5%. This Joel Kellum guy spent US$36 000 a year on a law program, presumably for three years, for a total of US$108 000. Then he got a job that paid him at least US$100 000 per year, instead of the US$57 500 per year of an average college graduate. If we assume for the sake of simplicity that he only went to law school to make money (instead of, say, because of a passion for justice or the Socratic training in logic that are part of a law-school education) and that the difference in earnings is solely due to this legal training — rather than, say, because he was working 80 hours a week, or got very lucky — then his investment was returning at least US$42 500 per year. That's roughly a 42.500/108 = 39% return on investment. That's not a full NPV analysis, of course, because it neglects the forgone income during his law-school years, the earnings difference he can expect over the years as his lawyer earnings increase at a more rapid pace than an average worker, and the three-year delay between investing his first tuition dollar and landing his junior associate position. Still, it's tough to manipulate those figures to get less than a 20% ROI. I don't see Joel Kellum gets off complaining about a 39% or even a 20% return on his investment. Better yet, it wasn't even his investment — he borrowed most of it at rates that "have ticked as high as 9%"! Any investor would kill for yearly returns like that, even before you multiply by the leverage. Better still, in student loans, typically the lender shares in much of the downside risk — you don't have to make payments until you get a job, for example. This is the kind of investment around which Forbes is tossing about phrases such as "consumer fraud" and "trading in half-truths that exaggerate the value of its product"? What is their agenda ? It's also kind of pathetic to see education as merely a means of making more money; but even if you see it in such narrowly self-centered terms, it's an extremely good investment. No, that was somebody else's loan. Kellum's was variable rate that varied up to 9%; Coultas's was variable rate up to 12%. The interest rate was pretty good, only varying up to 9%. I'm not a fan of variable-rate loans but he seems to have come out on the good end of this one. Shorter version of my long comment: Forbes is calling college education a fraud because Joel Kellum only gets a 39% yearly return on his "invested" tuition, which he borrowed most of at 9% or less. WTF? Wow, you're right. And here I thought I knew JavaScript! Yes, if you eat every meal at restaurants , you can spend $1000 a month on food. Even if it's McDonald's. That's why only extremely rich people eat every meal at restaurants. $1000 isn't $10/meal/person; it's $10/meal. If a family is concerned about the corn/beans/rice diet, which costs like US$40/month according to my "other end of the spectrum" figures, then maybe they could splurge and add some oatmeal, some greens, some fruit and vegetables, milk, herbs and spices, spaghetti with sauce, peanut butter sandwiches, ramen, the occasional chicken. That could raise the price to US$100/month or even higher. But it isn't going to bring it close to US$1000/month. If you have a pediatric dental bill that gets a little bit higher than that, it might be worthwhile flying the kid to Argentina to get the work done. The dentists here are, by and large, better than in the US, the culture in general is a lot more tolerant of kids, the prices are a lot lower, and you get to travel to Argentina. And some of the dentists speak English. I think Costa Rica is a more popular dental tourism destination. A substantial fraction of the variation in dental caries is independent of behavioral risk factors. Yes, that's what I was saying. You might already have some vacation time, it doesn't necessarily take a week, and it would be more worthwhile if you were talking about more than just a single filling. Albertsons.com currently offers a "Beef Chuck Shoulder Steak Boneless USDA Select Max Pack" of 4 pounds at US$4.49 per pound: https://shop.albertsons.com/eCommerceWeb/ProductSearchAction... US$2.50 of raw shoulder steak is therefore half a pound of steak; you'll be grossly obese and get gout by 35 if you eat that every meal. I don't know if that includes delivery, but it's on their delivery site. On the same site, boneless chicken breasts cost the same amount but drumsticks are a quarter of that, and that's before the discount for buying with your Albertson's Preferred Card, or buying on sale, or buying in bulk at Costco instead of Albertson's. I can't find any packages of chicken breasts there that cost $9.00 for a pound. Where do you shop ? Maybe all the people who were writing in C++ without using RAII switched to writing Java by then. Okay, so as not to be a jackass, I will stipulate: - You can spend more than US$1000 a month feeding a family of four on 100% Safeway (or Albertsons) steak. I was wrong about that. It looks like your bill could go up to US$2000. - I definitely don't know how to cook beef. In fact, I'm mostly vegetarian. I didn't move to Argentina for the steak. I'm surprised to learn that chuck steak is inedible without special equipment, except in a stew. - Enough pre-deboned chicken breasts to feed four people for a meal also costs US$10, which is similarly US$1000 a month, if you eat something that pricey three meals a day. I still want to know how you spend US$1000 a month on food without factoring in restaurants. Even approximately? I'm sure you're not eating a 100% meat diet, are you? It might have taken more than a couple 50k/year employees to support the existing setup too; if the new software is better, it will free those people up to perform more productive services than resolving Windows Genuine Advantage problems. In an earlier post, he quotes Chuck Moore from http://www.computerworld.com.au/article/250530/-z_programmin... --- I write Forth code every day. It is a joy to write a few simple words and solve a problem. As brain exercise it far surpasses cards, crosswords or Sudoku; and is useful. On the other hand, Moore has also complained about modern user interfaces by saying that they "feature puzzle-solving". So does Chuck Moore think that writing Forth is like solving puzzles or not? I'm not sure. The article says: Help is on the way, however. The American Civil War saw the first use of morphine for pain relief. It's impossible to overstate what a difference it made. The opiates were truly miracle drugs. This is a really remarkable level of historical inaccuracy. To quote from http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/pagerender.fcgi?artid=46725... : There is general agreement that the Sumerians, who inhabited what is today Iraq, cultivated poppies and isolated opium from their seed capsules at the end of the third millenium [sic] B.C. They called opium “gil,” the word for joy, and the poppy “hul gil,” plant of joy. It appears that opium spread from Sumeria to the remainder of the old world. At first opium may have been employed as a euphoriant in religious rituals, taken by mouth or inhaled from heated vessels (4). Knowledge of its use may initially have been confined to priests representing gods who sealed the sick and gods of death as well. It was given along with hemlock to put people quickly and painlessly to death, and it came to be used medicinally. The Ebers Papyrus (ca. 1500 B.C.), for example, includes the following description of a “remedy to prevent excessive crying of children" (see ref. 2, p. 35): "Špenn, the grains of the špenn (poppy)-plant, with excretions of flies found on the wall, strained to a pulp, passed through a sieve and administered on four successive days. The crying will stop at once." This remedy and others containing opium (such as spongia somnifera, sponges soaked in opium used to relieve pain during surgery) were dangerous because they varied in potency and rate of absorbance. Consequently, many physicians were wary of using them. ... In 1806, Sertürner (8, 9) isolated the active ingredient in opium and named it morphine... The same paragraph of the "Technology is Heroin" article also makes the error of calling cocaine an opiate. It was, sorry. I guess I got annoyed with the inaccuracies and didn't bother to read the main point. I'll try to give you some feedback that is more thoughtful after reading the article more tolerantly. Architecture is still lower on the social ladder than rhetoric; rhetoric is what politicians, CEOs, lawyers, judges, lobbyists, and to a lesser degree, managers, specialize in. We aren't bailing out failing universities that have destroyed trillions of dollars in wealth by virtue of martingale mismanagement. We provide state support to universities because they aren't supposed to try to internalize their positive externalities. That would seem logical but I don't think large-scale studies have been done. Large-scale studies on smokers have been done and did not find an increased lung cancer risk. There's a substantial difference between having a net worth of $4 and having a net worth of ($84). I suspect that eventually one state (Nevada?) will attempt to legalize it and the house of cards will begin to fall in the US. Didn't Alaska and California do that a while back? Your math is a little beyond my level: If I had decided to attend University of Chicago instead of University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, I would have paid $15k less per year. Urbana's tuition is ~$25k per year and Chicago's is $50k. So you paid ~$25k per year, and if you had gone to UC you would have paid $50k per year? How is that $15k per year less? Well, I've read through your essay somewhat more tolerantly. It seems to be a fairly vague assertion that "addictive" "technology" will have a deleterious effect on the lives of many people by virtue of taking more and more of their time and "energy" (I assume you mean attention), wound around with a lot of nicely-told stories, which (as I noted previously, and you acknowledge above) are retold there without any concern for accuracy. It seems that if you were interested in whether "addictive" "technology" would have a good or bad effect on people's lives, you could start by being more specific about the technology; there isn't much sensible that you can say about a category that encompasses the phonograph, Facebook, SMS, and a lot of etc. Then you could examine what effect it actually has on people's lives: does it make them more social or less social? Does it make them better informed or worse informed? Does it make them more or less likely to marry, or to stay married? Does it make them richer or poorer? Does it make their governments more or less accountable? You wouldn't necessarily have to go out and interview people yourself. The Pew Internet and American Life project has already done quite a bit of quantitative research along these lines. danah boyd has done a lot of peer-reviewed qualitative research along these lines. I haven't read it all but the things I have read don't really seem to support your thesis, although it is hard to tell because it is so vague. Nice stories and pictures, though, as long as nobody reads them and thinks they're true. A malicious machine that wants to DoS a server doesn't need web hooks in order to make a bunch of requests to the server. It can just run ab , the Apache Benchmark program. As I read it, the issue he's talking about is that it's easy to accidentally write a test that passes the first 100 000 times you write it, but then fails the next time because of a timeout that was set too low or something like that. A test like that can waste a lot of your time tracking down a nonexistent bug. It's true that any particular test that spuriously fails one in a million times may never fail. But if you have tens of thousands of tests, and you do tens of test runs per day, you'll have a test spuriously fail once a day or so. When something breaks in production, it's easier to figure out what it was and fix it if you only changed a few things since the last time you updated production. Clearing debris from orbit has less of a market than removing CO₂ from the atmosphere. If there was a space-debris equivalent to the Kyoto Accord, maybe they would be comparable. The major junk problem is in LEO. Basically everything in geo is equatorial, so you don't have orbits intersecting at large angles, so you don't have the problem where a stray paint chip in an oblique orbit craters your sensor. Also, getting stuff to geo is way expensive, so there's less up there. It's completely serious. Stallman thinks the social harm done by proprietary software licenses is greater than the good done by the ability to use the software. Do you think that's an unreasonable or laughable position? The consequence that it is better to close down the clubs than to let them encourage proprietary software usage is almost inescapable given the above premise. While it is true that increased wealth means that people have more choice in their lives, it does not necessarily follow that business freedoms lead to general well-being or to what is normally understood as human rights. As a matter of history, there have been very many places and times where business was relatively unrestricted, while labor and political activity were tightly regulated, and where the wealth from business failed to improve the lots of most of the population. Current examples of some of these tendencies might include Dubai, Singapore, and some parts of mainland China. Examples in the past include Chile under Pinochet, Nazi Germany, and at times, ancient Rome. Places at risk include London. Dividing medians by medians is not safe; you get weird interactions between differences by region and differences within each region. (Houses in Manhattan are smaller than houses in Cheyenne, and also cost more, because the cost per square foot is higher; but in both Cheyenne and Manhattan, bigger houses cost more. Except when you get into the ghetto/non-ghetto distinction, etc.) Also I don't think the medians you cite are anywhere close to correct. Maybe they're correct as medians only within the US ? I remind you that the US is less than 5% of the population. Otherwise your figures look good to me. Maybe the right answer here is to pay attention to your current region. I'm paying about US$350 per month (before taxes) for 60m², about 600ft². For me 40 books per square foot means each book costs about ⅝¢ per month to store. I think that's about US$0.68. Only 5% of the population lives in the US. $200k in Buenos Aires is a mansion. From the quotes you put around the phrase "human rights", am I to understand that you don't think human rights really exist, or that they aren't rights, or something? Have you moved to Singapore yet? You seem to be pretty enthusiastic about it. I did not mean to say that it is an example of all of the bad things that can coexist with business freedom, just some of them. As far as per-capita GDP goes, Singapore has the major advantage that it's 100% urban. I suspect that Malaysia's per-capita GDP would be a lot closer to Singapore's if you only considered downtown Kuala Lumpur. I think the major problem in Vietnam and Cambodia was that they had a civil war, and as usual, the people who had power after the war were military leaders. In Vietnam things got a lot better after the war; in Cambodia, things got a lot worse, as they often do. (In fact, Cambodia is almost uniquely bad in the history of the world, as far as I know; there are lots of instances of conquering armies killing 50% or 100% of a conquered people, but I don't know of any others where they killed more than 50% of their own population .) In both Cambodia and Vietnam, the civil war was made much worse by a US invasion. Maybe you think the same thing would have happened to Singapore? I suspect that they had an equal chance of ending up like Thailand, or urban Malaysia, or other countries in the area; and it's not clear to me that aggressively persecuting Communists made a civil war less rather than more likely. > "The Thais and Maylays were with Singapore in taking aggressive anti-communist actions in the 1960s. None of the countries that escaped communism approached the Western liberal ideal of political freedom." What do you think about the pre-civil-war human-rights records of Vietnam and Cambodia? Do you think they were more protective of political freedom before the wars than Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia? > "If I were a resident of Southeast Asia, Singapore would be my #1 place to live. As is, I like the United States just fine." I think infringements on human rights are less unpleasant in theory than in practice; maybe if you spend some time living there, you might have a more nuanced point of view about it. > [Urbanity] "was a huge disadvantage in the early years." [economically] Nearly all of world economic development during the 20th century was urban, if you measure by GDP. In industrialized countries, cities have been richer than the country for centuries — as long as there have been industrialized countries. It's true that cities can't be self-sustaining, but that seems to be an advantage when it comes to economic development. > "I would be willing to bet that the average Singaporean is happy that their government..." The average inhabitant of almost any country is happy about almost everything their government has done, especially a while back, and they would have been happy about their government doing the opposite if it had done the opposite. The last major expansion of the Eurasian gold supply was in the 1500s and 1600s, due to the looting of the Americas, and I think it roughly tripled the amount of gold in circulation. There has never been an event since the advent of gold-as-currency that multiplied by ten the amount of gold in circulation within a century, but that happens to almost every fiat currency almost every century. Predicting which decade it happens in is tricky, though. I think using a fiat currency is probably a good idea, though. A surprising amount of it works under WINE, actually. Maybe writing the JavaDoc helped them think out some design issues? Some of my most productive programming time has been sitting in a park with paper and a pencil. (Not billable, though, sigh.) Yeah, I probably would have felt the same way. On the other hand, it's fortunate that five-year-olds don't generally decide major public policy issues; I can remember a lot of things I felt similarly passionate about at the time. I do not think Stallman is saying that it is better to have no progress; he is saying that using proprietary software is un-progress, a kind of regression. I did not paraphrase his statements in the absurd fashion that you claim I did, and I would like you to retract that claim. For most countries, that is plausible, but not for Cuba. We're talking about Cuba here. Buying Microsoft software is simply not an option anytime in the next few years; it's illegal under US law for Microsoft to sell to them. Or are you talking about the $1 needed to burn a CD with an unlicensed copy of the Microsoft software on it? In the case of proprietary software from other countries, from companies that are willing to risk US trade sanctions, Cuba still has to pay for the licenses from its very limited foreign exchange reserves, acquired from its very limited exports of about US$220 per capita per year. Cuba has about 11 million people, 20% under 14, which means 160 000 of them graduate from high school every year. If its leadership thought software was a priority, they could train the top 3% of each graduating class in software development, roughly the same fraction as programmers in the US work force, about 5000 people. If they were at all successful in this, then starting in 2013 or so, Cuba would have at least a few hundred good hackers every year. Let's say that one average software developer can replace US$150 000 per year of software consulting services or licensing costs from abroad. (Outside of Cuba, they're paid US$50 000 and billed out to clients at twice that, but aren't as efficient as somebody local who already has both the hacking skills and the domain knowledge.) Under those assumptions, each graduating class provides software that would have cost US$750 million per year to purchase from abroad, if purchasing it from abroad is even possible. Cuba's total imports are about US$7 billion per year. So in 2022, the value produced by these programmers each year would exceed Cuba's entire current imports. And that's with only 50 000 programmers out of 11 million people. A more aggressive program would convert 3% of the entire population to software development, or 300 000 people. So it's quite likely that, for Cuba, developing software internally would be far cheaper than trying to buy it abroad. Of course, the value produced by programming is very hard to predict, as is the success of an educational initiative, as are international politics. As I discovered as a child, English speakers tend to hear "dl" as "gl" even absent any semantic-level clues; words like "dleebs" and "dlabs" get interpreted as "gleebs" and "glabs". Even the single level above the raw phonemes, containing the phonology of English, is enough. ...and really that's unavoidable. Absent aspiration, the difference between the /k/ of "sick" and the /t/ of "sit" is not contained in the /k/ or /t/ itself (almost no sound is being emitted during that time) but rather in the offglide of the vowel. It's the same prisoner's-dilemma situation referenced by Thomas Jefferson: "Millions for defense, not one cent for tribute." http://www.concernedconnections.org/manuscript/chap066.html says: In his book, Telephone, The First Hundred Years, John Brooks describes a rumor that circulated in New York City a decade before the 1877 invention by Alexander Graham Bell. As the story goes, a man named Joshua Coppersmith, was convicted of fraud "for exhibiting a device which he said was capable of transmitting a human voice over metal wires." Most people at that time thought the idea to be outlandish, and Coppersmith a charlatan. Mr. Brooks states, however, "...the significant thing is that there is no official record or evidence of any kind that Coppersmith ever existed".67 The interesting thing is that (according to this random web page, according to the book) the rumor really did predate Bell's and Elisha Gray's inventions by some years. Even when you have plates, sometimes it's nice not to have to wash them. Thank you for your fantastically insightful post! Even if China's universities had developed first-class physics departments 30 years ago, you wouldn't see the effect in Nobel prizes yet. I guess you're referring to Daniel C. Tsui, Yáng Zhènníng, and Lǐ Zhèngdào. Yáng and Lǐ won their Nobel in 1957. Lǐ got his Ph.D. in the late 1940s; Yáng got his in 1942. China in the 1930s and 1940s was not only a desperately poor undeveloped country; it was also being invaded by Japan. Nobody will argue with you if you say studying physics in China in the 1930s and 1940s was a bad bet. The physics Nobelists in 2006, 2007, and 2008 got their Ph.D.s in 1974 (Mather), 1970 (Smoot), 1970 (Fert), 1969 (Grünberg), 1972 (Kobayashi), 1967 (Masukawa), and 1952 (Nambu, D.Sc. rather than Ph.D.). So really what we learn from China's lack of physics Nobel prizes in recent years is that China's physics schools were terrible in the 1950s and 1960s. The Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution were happening there in the 1960s, and the problems with Chinese educational outcomes included things like "widespread illiteracy" and "professors sent to prison camps because students thought they were unpatriotic", not problems like "too much time spent on rote learning". I agree that the Physics Olympiad is not the same as doing physics research; but people who can't do well in things like the Physics Olympiad (as it's been described here) lack the foundation to do physics research. In computer science, there have recently been some very substantial results out of Chinese universities; Wang Xiaoyun et al.'s breaks of MD5 and SHA-0 and attack on SHA-1 in 2004 and 2005 come to mind. She got her Ph.D. at Shandong in 1993. So I am optimistic that in the coming years there will be many significant results from Chinese universities. and one thing I find strange is the incurious nature of many of the ... students. They've simply never been taught how to question things or contextualize knowledge. Sure, there are a few highly creative thinkers, but they've had to be entirely autodidactic. This sounds like every student body I've ever encountered anywhere in the world. Do you think the problem is worse in Beijing (what university?) than at Berkeley or Stanford? Education is a laudable value, but cruelty in service of a laudable value is still cruelty and still reprehensible. Also, grades are not a great way to measure learning. I wish more of the rural poor in the US would tell their kids things like, "You should also learn from your cousin, talk to him more--then you will develop your mind." There are a minority who do, a large majority who don't care. I wish the stress I remember from US high schools had been from wanting to do better academically instead of fear of physical brutality from the other students. If this guy's family is typical, China is going to do really well academically in the next few decades unless their government screws everything up again. And it's going to have to deal with a lot of traumatized young graduates. I wasn't trying to claim all urban areas were equal, just that the economic development that has happened has happened primarily in the cities. I'm still interested in your answers to my questions. Yeah, feeling embarrassed for not knowing something is often an effective motivation. The things I'm currently embarrassed about not knowing enough about include history, Haskell, and digital signal processing. Thank you very much! I'm sorry I missed the distinction between "loyalty to the party" and "loyalty to the country" or patriotism. I think you have illustrated better than I ever could that China in the 1960s had much bigger problems than cram school. From your post I think I might have offended you but I am not sure how. Please accept my apologies. I am fairly sure that you are just mistaken. For example, Microsoft Windows's EULA does not, as far as I know, grant Microsoft any copyright license in your data. Maybe you can show me where I'm wrong? What's your metric? Are you basing that on direct experience with both, or some kind of statistics? I'm a little nervous describing myself as a "hacker", because I am not really sure I qualify for that label yet, and maybe I never will --- I'm no Stallman or LPD or JWZ or Landon Dyer or James Hague or Chuck Moore or Bill Gosper. But I seem to have more or less been accepted as at least a proto-hacker. I won't call myself an entrepreneur until my company is profitable and has expenses of more than twice my and my wife's salary. I think his real identity is very well known, isn't it? He's why the lucky stiff. (Admittedly my Argentine friends might complain that since we don't know the number of his Documento Nacional de Identidad, we don't really know his identity. It's really hard to explain to notaries and the like that my new US passport came with a new passport number , and that does not mean that I am not the same person .) Maybe you replied to my comment by mistake, but in case you meant to reply to my comment and not to somebody else's, a lack of liability for destroying data is not even close to the same thing as a copyright license. I actually think you can do a lot better than the code he posted, for the problem he posed. The business logic there is not explained, and drowns in a sea of repetitive method names and excessive punctuation. Here's a version of the code that includes a lot less "noise" and includes references to the applicable regulations and regulatory agencies, which I made up for the purpose of this exercise. I've also removed the original comments, because they simply restated verbatim what the code said, as a sort of acknowledgment that the code wasn't as readable as it should be (although I didn't think it was so bad as to require comments). # [`supplemental_documents` probably isn’t the only business rule # that depends on whether something is a corporation or not, so # I’m factoring that out here to make the code more readable than # it was in the DailyWTF exercise. -kjs] def is_corporation(self): return self.orgStatusCode == 'CORP' def supplemental_documents(self): """Yield the form numbers of the supplemental docs §801.33 requires. The NNDDA imposes some special legal requirements because we are not a DDTL under §701.2. """ # §801.33(b)(2)(ii) if self.stateCode in ('AZ', 'TX'): yield 'SR008-04X' yield 'SR008-04XI' # §801.33(b)(4) (as amended 1998) if self.ledgerAmount >= 500000: yield 'AUTHDLG-1A' # §801.33(b)(8)(i) if self.coInsuredCount >= 5 and not self.is_corporation(): yield 'AUTHCNS-1A' def attach_supplemental_documents(self): """Attach supplemental docs a customer filing requires under §801.33." for doc in self.supplemental_documents(): self.attachDocument(doc) I don't think the "self." is an improvement here, but despite that, I think the code that actually contains the business logic is a lot more readable this way. Really I think that if your notation for these business rules imposes much more overhead than this, it will be easy to overlook ways that they don't say what they're supposed to say. You don't need to have reams of repetitive, highly-compressible code just because you're doing business applications. The DailyWTF author scoffs at the idea that "end-users" should write business logic, somehow confusing business-logic DSLs with expert systems. I think that at the very least, you should write your rules in a notation that enables the end-users to understand what they say. I don't think it's at all unreasonable to build a business-logic DSL for things like this, but in this case I think Python might work just as well. (In fact, the DailyWTF author seems to assert that writing a DSL parser is of equivalent difficulty to compressing random data. For what it's worth, a parser is a lot easier to build than an expert system, but I got news for you, Alex. There are actually working expert systems in the field, there have been for nearly 30 years, and people are building more of them all the time. They don't require any pixie dust or unicorns.) I basically agree, but there's a certain amount of sense in the statement you're debating — if I design either the database or the UI and then make the other one just a thin layer over it, I get a terrible database design or a terrible UI design. I haven't found a good rapid-feedback way to design them both in a single representation, and so I end up editing code in at least two places when I want to add a field. Do you have any suggestions about what kind of software you use that avoids that? Can you elaborate? Unfortunately for some reason there aren't that many firsthand accounts of what is required to become a lieutenant in a drug cartel. If you can find time to write about your experiences, it would be a substantial contribution to the public discourse. I am disappointed in the quality of your response. So far my experience with xcircuit makes it more or less comparable with gschem. I really like the fact that its save file is PostScript. (It doesn't lose anything when you save in that format!) The UI is really not discoverable at all, but in my experience the same thing is true of QCad, AutoCAD, and other software that does similar things, whether free or proprietary. There's a good xcircuit tutorial, and the non-obvious UI is actually pretty quick to use once you get used to it. What schematic capture program do you really like, and what is its UI like? Global warming and overfishing! You're sorting through a pile of 50 resumes and you look up each person on Google. 15 of the searches turn up seriously negative results: apparently former co-workers who hated working with the people, accusations of theft, bribery, etc. You investigate further, and in only a week, you are able to substantiate the claims against 13 of the applicants. Your boss reprimands you for spending so much time on screening applicants for a single position. Six months later, you're sorting through a pile of 50 resumes and find 18 seriouly negative results. What do you do? One of the effective things you can do to prevent further wild and crazy mobs from erupting is to make examples of the people who participated in previous ones. It seems like the issues described there can be dealt with in Git by dividing things up into submodules, if submodules work well. (I haven't used them much.) They also only seem to apply to really big projects — dozens of contributors, and dozens of gigabytes to terabytes. Last time I used them, none of the following Unixes had a /proc filesystem: FreeBSD, NetBSD, IRIX, AIX, Ultrix, SunOS 4, MacOS X, NeXTStep. The only Unixes I do know of that have it are Solaris (SunOS 5), Linux, and Plan 9, which isn't really Unix. You may be thinking of Octave, not R. Unfortunately I don't know enough about Octave vs. R (or Matlab vs. S-PLUS) to comment on the similarities and differences. It would be brilliant if they've already secretly signed a deal to buy. If they are just planning on buying, then this would just drive up the price they have to pay Mint's shareholders. I suspect that the shareholders, by and large, are pretty happy with the "owning" part; I am guessing that it's your Senior Vice President of Polaroid for Organic Chemistry Research you have to worry about. I think there's an interesting question here: where does simple communication become marketing? We're talking about a situation where a person A is talking to a person B about some subject S. I think that for this communication to be reasonably described as "A marketing S to B", we need most of these to be true: 1. A stands to gain financially from B liking S; 2. A wants B to like S; 3. A chooses the things they say to B about S with the goal in mind of influencing B to like S — perhaps they emphasize positive aspects of S, downplay or don't mention negative aspects, suppress whatever personal doubts they may have about S, etc. Now, of course, there are marketing people who would like to claim that any communication between any two people is an instance of "marketing", but that is at odds with they way the term is commonly used, and I think this is because those people are marketing marketing. Usually when something is described as "marketing", three or at least two of the above criteria are true, in the opinion of the speaker. None of these three items are necessarily true of "having a descriptive title on a Web [sic] site". Item 3 is often a result of item 2, which is often a result of item 1. Even in the rare case that these relationships don't hold, there's always the temptation to proceed from one to the next. The thing I want to point out is that item 3 is very much at odds with basic norms of honest discourse, and when people do it, they make it harder for other people to discover the truth about things. When some of the participants in a conversation have an agenda of influencing others' opinions in favor of some issue, it undermines any confidence in conclusions you can draw from the conversation. I think that's why so many people hate marketing: it creates a constant temptation to dishonesty, most marketers succumb to it at least a little, and that severely damages the quality of discourse in conversations that contain marketers. This is very impressive indeed. My own efforts from a few years back ( http://canonical.org/~kragen/sw/torus.html ) are very primitive by comparison. However, you can still see the effects of Canvas's stupid approach to rendering antialiased filled polygons. V8 has a lot of good ideas in it; compiling to native code is one of them but far from the only important one. What are the problems you see, and why do you think they're hard to solve? Even after the inode link count is 0, if a process still has the file open, it still remains on disk; that's the root of this trick. However, that is not sufficient; you also need a way to get access to the file so you can copy the data out of it before the process closes it. That is the interesting part of this trick — a way to use the /proc filesystem to get at the file. cp /proc/322/fd/3 savedfile is a lot easier than fiddling around with fsdb on a mounted filesystem. I wrote: None of these three items are necessarily true of "having a descriptive title on a Web [sic] site". Peter Cooper responded: Why not? Having a properly worded title could... There is a difference between what could be the case and what is necessarily the case. It is certainly true that having a descriptive title on a web page could be marketing. My claim was that it was not necessarily marketing, and in fact need not satisfy any of those criteria. Peter Cooper wrote: With your criteria you could argue that Ruby on Rails (the original topic a few posts up) could not possibly be "marketed"... You could argue that if you were an idiot . But you would still be wrong. Peter Cooper wrote further: Take the word "financially" out ... and nearly all communications is marketing.... most day to day discourse is not honest...the majority of conversation has that quality. Actually, a substantial fraction of human communications are not, in fact, attempts to dishonestly manipulate someone else's opinions for the personal gain of the speaker. I understand that you may not be aware of this, but I assure you that it is true. By the way, I love Github. Thanks! I didn't know. Flagged because HN is not intended as a forum for distribution of unsubstantiated libels. The quote appears to be fake: http://www.encyclopedia.com/doc/1P2-7846393.html http://www.jfklibrary.org/Historical+Resources/Archives/Refe... — looks like in Dante's Hell, the neutral weren't even let into hell at all: The heavens, that their beauty not be lessened, have cast them out, nor will deep Hell receive them - even the wicked cannot glory in them. He said he thought it was a hack in the text you quoted. Where do you get "if you're outdoing Richard Stallman, it's not hacking."? Is that an expression of your own opinion, or is it intended to be a restatement of something Richard said? If so, what? To what extent you may or may not like to hack does not depend on any external judgement, does it? I think it's reasonable to judge that a fooer is someone who often engages in fooing rather than someone who has fooed once, for a number of values of foo — a dancer is someone who dances frequently, presumably because they like dancing, not someone who has danced once; a gardener is someone who gardens regularly, probably as a living, not someone who once pulled a weed; and similarly for values of foo including "paint", "box", "bricklay", "drum", and "hack". In none of these cases does it imply that the status is contingent on somebody else's judgment. It's not an attack on the people who participated in the poll; it's a limit to the applicability of the poll results. It's a pretty good article. I think it's pretty amusing that Mary Lou gets all the credit for inventing netbooks — from my limited knowledge of the field, not totally unfair, but a little exaggerated, maybe. After today's item from Norvig, though ( http://norvig.com/fact-check.html ) I wonder how much of the article is fabricated. Basically it asserts that netbooks are a disruptive innovation that has already changed everything in the industry, that they're useless without a network connection, and that they are sufficient and will wipe out traditional computers except for high-end and server purposes. Plausible. Also it makes the story very engaging. It seems like http://www.couchsurfing.com/ is a bit more mature than airbnb.com, but airbnb.com looks more technically competent. You're not familiar with TimBL's Principle of Least Power, I see. The majority of the web pages I visit work fine without JavaScript (I use the NoScript extension) and they look a lot better in Firefox than in lynx, or even links. Mosaic was released in 1994, but Lynx was available by 1992. But yeah, in 1992 most of the action was in ftp sites. They were already a lot better than the local BBSes where I lived, though. How do you write such code in x86 assembler? All the instructions I'm familiar with have side effects except for nop, hlt, and, arguably, push and call. There are some things linked from http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Practical_web_programming... but I don't know if they're Modern. Maybe they're Postmodern or Futurist or something. You could tell people "download Firefox to use my spiffy 3D site" (or download Chrome or whatever) just like people now tell them "download Flash Viewer 9". Does Papervision in Flash take advantage of 3-D acceleration hardware? In those ways I'm not sure there's so much of a difference between JavaScript in browsers and ActionScript in Flash. Graphics-specific optimizations are probably going to happen, if by that you mean "fixing Canvas so it isn't painfully slow". Yeah, I mean that CouchSurfing has an existing community that has already gone through a lot of the growing pains that social-network sites go through, and come out with a reasonably functional group; it's pretty rare for people to get robbed or raped through CS. A few years ago, Ka-Ping Yee wrote http://passpet.org/ with my assistance. Unfortunately we never got it to the point of being really released as such, although the darcs repository is available. It's a variant of the sha1(sitename + secret) approach that's been mentioned in other comments, with some extra features to improve its strength against phishing and password-guessing attacks. Why would you expect better from Wired? Have you forgotten "Push" (what, was that 1994?)? "The Long Tail" (which turned out to be based on completely wrong estimates of Amazon's sales data)? MJD's qrpff sidebar ( http://perl.plover.com/qrpff/ )? The Cypherpunks cover with the guy with the big knife (was that 1992 or 1993)? The "End of Theory" lies about Norvig? Wired has always been about sensationalism, not meticulous accuracy, from the very beginning. It's hard for me not to read "pb" in a Python serialization context as anything other than Perspective Broker. You could ethically do a poorly-controlled study quite easily, once you're fairly sure the gel doesn't make things worse: distribute the gel in a dozen small towns that are paired with other demographically-similar small towns that you aren't operating in, and look at the HIV surveillance results for those towns over the following year. Ideally you can also estimate the use of the gel in the people who became newly infected with HIV (by having their doctors ask them) and in the people who didn't (by sampling for a survey). I hope you're right! My experience with Chrome and Safari is that they're pretty stable. I don't see anything particularly dark about the excerpt quoted. What are you criticizing in particular? Maybe I missed it. Thanks for the insightful post! I knew the procedure was something like this, but I wasn't clear on what the established guidelines were. I am still not certain this is actually ethical. Unisys was one of the best-known mainframe companies, second only to IBM (well, and possibly Tandem and Amdahl). One thing that's worth pointing out is that Unisys's shares are trading at 33¢, and its market capitalization is down to US$120M. This share price is about 4% of the heights it reached in 1999, when it started to enforce these patents against GIF. It's low enough that I'm surprised they're still listed on the NYSE. It wouldn't be surprising if a patent pirate company like Intellectual Ventures or Walker Digital acquired Unisys's patent portfolio, either at bankruptcy auction or by acquiring the company today. Maybe the parent comment was downmodded so quickly because it adds nothing to the conversation (except self-congratulation). If a competitor takes your code, modifies it, and resells it as closed source software, you sue and win. I guess you're talking specifically about GPL-style copyleft, not Apache or BSD licensing? There's an additional alternative: the competitor takes the code and adds features to it, then sells services on top of it. This is kind of a best-case scenario: you get free R&D. The problems you're describing are independent of whether software is open-source or not. There's plenty of proprietary software with no support, no training, nobody to blame if things go wrong, with terrible UI design, no way to get new features you need, no marketing, and no guarantee of updates. Any random Computer Associates product from 1999 would qualify for nearly all of those, as would most custom software, and that's before we even get into proprietary shareware. And there's plenty of free software that's at the opposite end of the spectrum. C'mon, you want to compete with MySpace and Friendster and Orkut in 2004? Your business plan is to compete against Google and Friendster ? (MySpace hadn't been bought by News Corp. yet, and I think I hadn't heard of it, but maybe an entrepreneurial-minded person would have.) Can someone explain to me how domain squatters add more value to the world than beggars? (Leaving aside that beggars usually have an excuse for not being able to find productive work.) By downvoting him, are we encouraging people like Aaron to use HN? Because I really don't think that domain-squatting counts as either hacking or productive economic activity ("making something people want", as pg puts it); when it's being done in order to get paid for worthless clicks, it's borderline fraud. Neither does suing companies engaged in productive activity, such as Google and Facebook. This guy is a menace to all of us who are engaged in trying to make a living by making something people want. And you want to make sure he feels welcome on this forum? I mean, admittedly, it's not like he's making his living by destroying the reputations of people who are making things people want (like Valleywag), but he's hardly making a positive contribution. If he had never been born, the world would be that much better for the rest of us. Also: sixdegrees.com. I do not know of any federal or state US laws against discriminating by hair color. Also, as has been reported in the press, the two developers of Codeville have spent some years not on speaking terms. And Linus knows how to foster a community of developers, and in fact already had one attached to him; Bram has not been observed to have this skill. Well, it's certainly beaten the crap out of Codeville, Monotone, OpenCM, darcs, ArX, and the other various decentralized source control systems that have been presented at CodeCon (Bram's conference), including the one Bram wrote. I decided that Git had won about a year ago, so I switched to it (from CVS and darcs). Mercurial still looked like it might be a reasonable competitor at the time, and it certainly isn't going to disappear, but Git is definitely in the lead at this point. You may have confused BitKeeper with Monotone? The first two of the three concepts you list are in Monotone, and I don't think they are in BitKeeper. I don't think I am an expert in source control, but here is my source control resume: * I spent a year (1996-97) where my primary job responsibility was maintaining a homegrown source control system. That was when I started using source control. So I've been using source control software for 13 years. * Around 1998, I ported patch to native Win32 (although I never released the port, sigh.) * I've been individually responsible for administering CVS and Subversion servers at two different companies, and part of a team that administered a CVS server at a third. * I've used CVS, PVCS, Subversion, Git, darcs, Mercurial, and bzr. I wanted to try out ClearCase, Vesta, OpenCM, and Monotone, but I never got around to it. * One night, I wrote a client to Socialtext's REST API that provides CVS commands and semantics (including conflict detection and automatic merging) for command-line editing of their Wikis. (Available at http://www.canonical.org/~kragen/sw/stclient/ if you like.) Okay, so now you know I'm really not an expert; I've never even implemented a full source-control system from scratch once. So take my opinion with a grain of salt. Here it is, though: Git is indeed a fantastic achievement. It is the first source control system that's really designed to be used as a storage platform for applications. It's about 10× faster than other source control systems. (I haven't used Perforce, but I hear it's pretty efficient too.) It provides cryptographically secure authentication of the entire history (an idea taken from Monotone and OpenCM). And the ecosystem of tools around Git is dramatically stronger than the ecosystem around any other source-control system, which is sort of a replication of the major innovation of Linux: decentralized innovation. No, just files. And it handled the versioning by copying the whole file, if I recall correctly, at a heinous space cost. (My quota was 500k IIRC.) Read the previous post where he was introduced to Lisp by way of MACRO-11, and you'll see what he means by "capability". Your post contains several errors and points that I feel need clarifying. The person in question was Andrew Tridgell, the "reverse engineering" consisted of typing "help" and then observing that the "clone" command would cause BitKeeper to send the entire contents of the repository (see http://lwn.net/Articles/132938/ ), permitting the extraction of a complete kernel history; and BitMover did not merely threaten to revoke the free license; they actually did . Finally, Git's data model and internal structure has basically nothing in common with BitKeeper's. You think that, for running a networked server, none of Solaris, OS/400, z/OS, Microsoft Windows, OpenVMS, Ultrix, AIX, MCP, NeXTStep, MacOS X, Netscape Enterprise Server, HP/UX, IRIX, NaviServer, BSD/OS, etc., were ever legitimate or valuable? I'm sure that comes as a surprise to the people who spent thousands of man-years writing that software. Or did they stop being legitimate and valuable when Linux and Apache got better than they were? First: point. Second: was that foreseeable in 2004? Oh, true. Thanks! One might nitpick and say that the relevant issue is whether he would be correct to do so, rather than whether he has done so. I am fairly sure he is correct. He said he lacked focus when he was talking about his career before 1997, not at present. When did you work for him? Also, knowing how to deal with people, focus, and discipline. Some open source library like Laconica? Maybe this is kind of the point you were making, but I think it's very likely that Ev wasn't trying to claim he "lacked focus" during the Odeo epoch, with or without false humility. It sounded like he was contrasting the more recent part of his career with the earlier period in which he lacked focus, discipline, and people skills. I first met him in 2001, at Blogger's low point, so I don't know what he was like four years earlier. I'm curious what pg's thoughts are about whether "relentless resourcefulness" is what it takes to be good at programming , independent of making a startup . I value his insights on programming, business, and persuasion much more than I value his insights on writing and painting. It's sort of reassuring to think that living in Argentina is helping me develop some kind of important skill. Whether the distinction in the UI is clear or not depends on how much experience you have with it. For me and presumably you, who have been using Google dozens of times a day for ten years, it's crystal-clear. For my neighbors who go to the locutorio down the street to use the internet because they don't have computers, it's not clear at all, according to some studies I can't be bothered to dig up right now. Or they die before reaching 5 years old. Whether you own the software or not depends on what the contract says. It is entirely legal to sign a contract to perform a service for somebody for some amount of money without assigning them copyright in the results. One programmer I know was making $16k per month, and that was salary. People who assume more of the risk tend to make more than that. I am shocked and appalled at your suggestion that reverse-engineering is morally questionable. On the contrary, reverse engineering is legally protected, a major part of the foundation of the computer industry, and good fun to boot. What jurisdiction are you in? That might help people give you better advice about legal options. There aren't a lot of software engineers out there who will do two months of work for US$2500 and nothing else. > Consider a milk bottle. In manufacturing millions of them, there is > every incentive to reduce costs. So we have the cheapest possible > plastic which is food-safe but strong and moldable enough to have a > handle, etc. Another type of plastic for a soft drink bottle. Another > for a jar of honey, another for your takeaway food container. But > every single one of these could actually be functionally replaced by, > say, metal. The different plastics, the use of plastic at all, is not > fundamental to the function, it is a side-effect of marginal costs in > scale manufacturing. I’m no expert on manufacturing, but I think you could use the same low-grade high-density polyethylene used for the milk bottle for the soft-drink bottle, the jar of honey, and the takeaway food box as well. It would be thicker and heavier in some cases, and you wouldn’t be able to see through it as well as the PET that’s currently used for the soft-drink bottle or the crystal polystyrene used for see-through takeaway food boxes. (You could also use PET for all of those things. PS is less versatile because it’s brittle.) I don’t think this is where 3-D printing is going to make a big impact first, though. The objects you’re describing have a large potential market for them, where they compete on material properties and low cost with other objects. You can presumably mix just-in-time filled systems in your 3-D printer to get a wider range of material properties but I think that may not be a comparative advantage for 3-D printers in the near future. Instead, think about objects that are more customized to their surroundings, where shipping and inventory is a major part of the retail cost: drawer pulls, power strips for the number of plugs you actually have (integrated into your 3-D printed desk), planters, replacement machine parts, prosthetic body parts, screws of funny sizes, and so on. Some friends who have a textiles nanocorp think their filing cabinet full of supplier contact information is their major competitive advantage. (If I were a British headline writer, I would say they have a textiles nanocorp supplier contact information file cabinet competition advantage.) Obama's gift demonstrates that Britain is not an ally of the United States, but a vassal or tributary state. See "Code Reuse Considered Harmful": http://lists.canonical.org/pipermail/kragen-tol/1999-March/0... Rereading it, I think it was mostly right, but partly wrong. The path to massive programming productivity isn't to rebuild everything from zero; it's to reuse only the right things. Spending N hours on a problem that's very difficult to solve is often worse than deciding to find a way to avoid solving it. There are N₂ examples in my history where I solved a problem that was much harder than necessary — or spent a lot of time trying, then failed — when I should have just stepped back to ask if it was worth it. Adding L3 cache to a machine won't make it (noticeably) slower, but if the memory behavior is random and bigger than the L3 (which it isn't in bzip2's case but anyway) it won't make it faster either. But the point at which you want to add L3 is when main memory is very slow relative to L2, and that's the case when random memory access loses. But hey, you can merge-sort a million records in only 20 sequential passes! Not sure how to apply that to BWT though. No, it's not typical for programmers as a whole, but it's typical of his specialty, which is quantitative market analysis. He quit to do a Web 2.0 startup for a lot more money. When I read your comment, I thought, “Holy shit, he wants to use H₂O₂ because FeCl₃ is dangerous? Talk about ‘out of the frying pan, into the fire!’” but the Instructable you linked to just uses the standard 3% H₂O₂ USP solution, which isn't particularly dangerous. Python is slow. For loops containing arithmetic, array indexing, function calls, and similar primitive operations that also exist in C, it's maybe 100× slower than C. But programs written in Python are usually not 100× slower than C programs with similar functionality. They may be 10× slower or 3× slower or, very rarely, faster; that's because their inner loops tend to be in operations like regexp matching, array arithmetic, data compression, string hashing, and the like, and Python's implementations of those things aren't themselves written in Python — they're the things you're likening to "gzip" here. There's a selection bias here. If you write your compiler or interpreter or pathfinding algorithm in Python, it's going to be a lot more than 10× slower than if you wrote it in C (or Java or OCaml or whatever). So people don't write those programs in Python, so we don't get to compare them. I've been writing about Python because I know more about it than I do about Ruby, but I think most of the same things are true of Ruby, as well. Not all internet discussions are like that, and in-person discussions sometimes are like that. Long letters were always very rare; a prolific letter-writer in the 1800s might have written hundreds of them in a lifetime, but a more typical number might be ten. I think the majority of human discourse throughout the millennia has consisted of things like schoolgirl gossip, parents scolding their children, "ain't-it-awful" discussions in bars, and requests for phone numbers shouted over loud music in dance clubs. What you're observing is that more of that stuff is being done in writing instead of by voice. People do seem to be more willing to disagree with each other on the internet, but that doesn't necessarily worsen the quality of the discourse. Ruby 1.9 is a big improvement over Ruby 1.8, but last I heard, a lot of people still had to use 1.8. In six months maybe "Ruby is slow" will no longer be a valid argument for PHP over Ruby, but if you're using Ruby 1.8, it's still valid. PHP, and I say this as someone who thinks it's awesome, isn't so much a language as a way to glue together a bunch of C libraries, so its speed isn't that important. I don't think Taiwan has diplomatic relations with the US, and so I doubt they have treaties: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic_of_China-United_States... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_relations_of_the_Republ... You ask: > Mine can't loan out money at 26 times my deposits. Can yours? Of course not; you're not a bank. Actually, I think that if someone loans a hypothetical non-bank US corporation money, it can legally loan out 100% of that money, without retaining any of it as a reserve. This is probably not a good idea, since it means it won't be able to pay any of its bills next week, but it's not illegal. What you wrote makes it sound as if, when depositors loan a bank $100 000, the bank can then loan out $2 600 000. That is not the way fractional-reserve banking works. The actual amount the bank can legally loan out in that case is more like $90 000. A non-bank corporation would be able to loan out a larger amount (up to $100 000) in that case, not a smaller amount, as your post suggests. The WWW was a lot less useful back then, because linking doesn't actually work very well. Questioning the writer's objectivity rather than rebutting their points is an ad hominem attack. I'm not kidding. If you think the writer's points and conclusions are incorrect (I do) you should write a rebuttal, rather than pointing out that the writer isn't disinterested. Interested parties can still make valid arguments! Google is not amoral in that sense; it's an ideologically-driven organization consisting of people, led by leaders who are also people. Those people make moral judgments, and, contrary to the claims in the article, a great deal of Google's path has been shaped by those moral decisions, including the decision to engage in China. (I think they made the wrong decision there, but I might be wrong, and in any case the moral calculus figured quite explicitly in their discussions.) Is there some inconsistency in the article that leads you to believe that it is inaccurate, do you have some other source for information about what happened at NITI, or are you just deliberately ignoring any information that tends to contradict what you already happen to believe? Not only is it not responsible to maintain a 4% reserve ratio, in the US it's illegal, and has been for decades. (The legal requirement is 10%.) That also means that it pretty much doesn't happen; banks are pretty tightly regulated. Until the repeal of Glass-Steagall, if I understand correctly, it was also illegal for your banker to invest your money in stocks, penny or otherwise. The extent to which banks are conduits for lending to the government is independent of FDIC insurance. FDIC insurance is pretty much normal insurance, in that it is funded by premiums charged to policyholders, rather than, say, tax money. Banks are conduits for lending to the government in the sense that they maintain much of their reserves in US Treasury bonds. Your comment gives the appearance of someone commenting vehemently on a topic about which they know very little. I mean, it's hard for me to remember that there are people in the world who know even less about banking than I do, but it sounds like you're a member of that elite group. First you say, "linear models describe most of the variance with the fewest number of free parameters," and then later you say, "In other words ... the variance that a higher order model would describe would be less, perhaps much less, than the portion the linear part describes." In my limited statistical experience, the problem with higher-order models is not that you get less bang, but that you need more buck: that is, there are too many free parameters. But in your second quote, you seem to be talking about higher-order models that have as few parameters as a linear model, i.e. one parameter, plus one per independent variable. What kind of higher-order models are you thinking of? You may not be familiar with Google's unusual share class structure, but it insulates them from pressure from outside shareholders to a very unusual extent. The way I see it is that the internet has allowed professional journalism and scientific discourse to compete with schoolgirl gossip and yelling in bars. One problem, though, is that the needs of these forms of communication aren't really the same. In a low-latency medium, for example, it's difficult to avoid strong structural biases toward both recency and immediate responses; these are both corrosive to the quality of the discourse. (I think these structural biases mostly account for the very low quality of professional journalism, but they are even stronger on e.g. reddit or HN. pg and I have written some things about this: http://lists.canonical.org/pipermail/kragen-tol/2008-January... http://paulgraham.com/hackernews.html (under "Fluff Principle" and "Comments") "Southern" gives you another 1.5, and "IT specialist" maybe gives you another 6, given the geographic area and gender. Total bits: 22.5. So there might be on the order of 1000 52-year-old male IT specialists in Southern California. The ones named "Don" are in trouble now. "A critique is not ad-hominem if the target is a character trait relevant to the speaker's point." As I interpret your sentence, that is not what the article you are quoting says, and it is also not correct. This is irrelevant here, however, because the character trait being discussed is not related to the speaker's point; it is merely an argumentum ad hominem. Well, for example, a substantial fraction of our marketed energy use is devoted to heating and cooling (more than 50%); better building designs (like those from the Passivhaus program) essentially eliminate that, at a minimal additional construction cost. A lot of what's left is transportation; a switch from trucks to trains, plus bicycles and local electric public transit for short-distance people-moving, plus better streamlining and saner traffic control, would eliminate the majority of that. Your laptop uses maybe 15 watts; your car is maybe 300 000 watts at full power. It's not a matter of eliminating "modern technology" but rather developing and deploying truly modern technology that focuses on energy efficiency. The excellent Wikipedia section you linked to makes it crystal clear that the CRA, which passed in 1977, had no causal role in the subprime meltdown that started in 2007. That should be immediately obvious to the most casual observer, since there were 30 years between the events in question, but in case you were doubting, the article draws on a wide variety of sources of evidence. That perverse incentive has concerned me for a while, but I'm less worried about it now that I'm living in Argentina. Argentina has a sort of hybrid public/private healthcare system with universal coverage paid by the government, so the perverse incentive in question does exist here. And the government isn't extremely accountable, doesn't work very well, and in some ways is much more intrusive than the US government. Nevertheless, they seem to handle this problem pretty well. If it's not a big problem here, I think it isn't likely to be a big problem in general. The NoScript extension avoids that. The free-speech argument kind of loses its luster when you send something without your name attached. Maybe you're not from the US, but the US has a legal tradition of strong protections for anonymous and pseudonymous speech. The Federalist Papers, which were a key part of the political discourse leading to the existence of the US, were published anonymously. So maybe what you say is true in Ukraine or China or Myanmar or wherever you're from, but it's certainly not true in the US. Is sending a forged e-mail accusing your roommate of being gay illegal? It sounds juvenile and malicious. But I don't see how it's a crime. Yes, given that we live in a society where many people think homosexual behavior is grossly immoral, that's prima facie defamation. You're right that defamation is generally a civil tort and not a crime (generally, that is, in the US; I don't know about the jurisdiction in question), and so the police should not have been involved. Thanks! Usually, freedom of speech is not a defense against accusations of defamation; the anonymity angle is a red herring. Is there a version of whatever this is that isn't on scribd? It doesn't work. By "doesn't work" I mean that after turning on JavaScript for scribd.com, it tries to pop up a menu over the top of the Flash embed. But popping up anything on top of embedded Flash doesn't work in my browser (FF3 with Gnash on Linux), so I use AdBlock to block the embedded Flash. Then the download menu offers me a "PDF" option. Clicking on that ought to give me a file download; instead, it pops up a box prompting me to sign up for an account with Scribd. In short, Scribd is a privacy-invading pain in the ass. So, is there a copy of the document that isn't on Scribd? Thank you! That was amusing and interesting. I'm amazed that Apple continues to have such excellent user experiences despite such abysmal quality problems. Without your parents, you would have died shortly after birth. What does that leave you with? Skype. It's proprietary, but I don't know of a free alternative. Zephyr. You know, SMTP supports instant messages: SEND FROM: in place of MAIL FROM:. Apparently an analogous facility (I forget if it was actually connected to SMTP) was one of the major reasons for the uptake of Emacs on Multics. He might actually mean "antisocial"; neurotypical children are a lot like dangerous animals to an autistic child who can't perceive their emotions, participate in their flock behavior, or predict their reactions, and who experiences a lot of pain from strong stimuli like bright lights or loud noises. Consequently they sometimes strike out at the neurotypicals, just as you might strike out at a pack of wolves. It can be hard to cost out sysadmin costs in advance, especially for small companies, and it's nearly impossible to assess sysadmin risks in advance (for small companies). Under what law? Generally I think it's legal to take a copy of a copyrighted work that you obtained legally and take it to another country, say, in your luggage. How is this any different? Edit: Under the law that makes "import or export" a right exclusive to the copyright holder, apparently. Thanks for the correction! It's easier to use -D 8118 and set a SOCKS5 proxy in Firefox instead of an HTTP proxy. Then you don't need to install Privoxy. I use this method to keep my passwords from going across untrusted wireless networks in plaintext. Yeah, if you use an unduly narrow definition of "start-up", you can get some small number in the few thousands. But if you use a more normal definition (like the one at the top of http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Startup_company — “A startup company or start-up is a company with a limited operating history. These companies, generally newly created, are in a phase of development and research for markets,” or my usual rule of thumb, “A startup is a company that has not yet become profitable,”) you get a much larger number, perhaps in the millions. In a scenario without effective distribution, the viral scene favors not the best work, but the most easily digestible work. Maybe. Do you suppose that's why there's so much more good music available now than there was 20 years ago, before we built the internet, as the most effective distribution mechanism in history? The thing that I fear favors the most easily digestible work is the hair-trigger social voting sites like Hacker News, Reddit, Digg, etc. But I think those depend on effective distribution, rather than being undercut by it. Not every talented person is good at promotion; Yeah, and that's a big part of why so many of them get ripped off by music-industry slime who are good at promotion. I for one am happy to be in an environment where fans can do the promotion these days. No, that's just asking for multiple people to reply. If that's your idea of a "nightmare", I have some recommendations for you: read Elie Wiesel's "Night", look at Guernica, visit an FGM activism web site, maybe volunteer at a suicide or rape crisis hotline. The RFC2616 requirement was always a bad idea for users; for years I missed the Netscape feature that let you set this parameter to whatever you wanted; I left it at 20. (Was that up to 0.91N? I forget.) It helped out server software that made concurrent connections expensive, though. Wow, better than anything else ? That's a pretty tall claim! What leads you to believe that? I'm constantly amazed by the people who think writing HTTP servers is really hard. That's pretty impressive! How much memory does it need per connection? I think that's the primary metric I'd use to assess Cometworthiness (once all the basic stuff is taken care of, e.g. delivering 1000 outbound events per second takes the same amount of CPU regardless of whether there is only one outbound connection or 100 000 of them). My main point was that it would be hard to tell if someone somewhere had an HTTP implementation that could handle 250 000 concurrent HTTP connections per 64MB of RAM while yours only handled, say, 5000 per 64MB. (I suspect the former number is achievable; I know the latter is.) I can confirm from experience that writing an HTTP server that scales well without eating memory or CPU is dramatically harder than just writing an HTTP server. However, it's very easy to do better than apache-mpm-prefork. (No need, though; lighttpd and nginx should both do better at that, I have heard that perlbal does too, and I suspect from experience that twisted.web does as well, although I haven't measured it.) You can read the web just fine because you read English, not Tuareg. Yes, but the New York Times has an ignorance problem, which turns out to be more severe in practice, in my experience. Your mileage may vary. Other newspapers and magazines are even worse. It has been ten years since http://www.cluetrain.com/#manifesto said, "Markets are conversations." To me, it sounded like a kind of goofy metaphor, or maybe wishful thinking; from my point of view at the time, markets, in the form of spam, were crowding into the places I had been having conversations for a long time, and actually making the conversations pretty difficult. At best, it sounded like a prediction of a happy future. What this article says is that we are now in that future. Markets are conversations, and companies that aren't participating in the conversations are getting left out of the markets. The Cluetrain Manifesto no longer reads like a series of utopian techno-determinist predictions. It reads like a matter-of-fact description of how Amazon does business, how Fog Creek does business, how Zappos and Twitter and Flickr and Facebook do business, and why they are kicking the asses of their competitors. There are some very big companies that it still doesn't describe, though. It's been ten years since the Cluetrain Manifesto's 95 theses were nailed up on the door of the internet, and AT&T and Google and Microsoft and Comcast still haven't taken delivery from the clue train. Do they need to? Or can they keep doing business the same way as before? There's new news and development every week. Check out the RepRap blog (and, if that's not high-volume enough for you, the RepRap builders blog). I guess you didn't even bother to read the original article; the development of successfully constructing printed circuits from solder is news in the last couple of weeks. Nothing can reproduce itself, strictly speaking; there are dozens of basic chemicals that even your own body needs and can't manufacture from raw atoms: vitamins, essential amino acids, Ω3 and Ω6 fatty acids, several heavy metals, and so on. The RepRap Darwin has already successfully manufactured all of its custom parts except for the extruder nozzle and circuit boards, leaving only a few hundred dollars' worth of common off-the-shelf "vitamin" parts to buy to build the thing. At this point, it's a matter of optimization: improving the machine's reliability, further reducing the number of custom parts (and making them easier to make), simplifying and automating assembly, and so on. In short, your criticism is false from beginning to end. Do you feel that that sufficiently "addresses" it? (Myself, I prefer to address human beings.) I'm not affiliated with the project, I've never seen a RepRap in person, and I'm not engaged in trying to build one. You can extract several bits of entropy per typed character from network traffic timing information. That's plenty to bring an exhaustive password-guessing attack down into the feasible range, if you have some way to know when a particular person is typing a particular password. As a crude countermeasure, I leave about a second between adjacent characters in a password when I am typing the password over a network. This was how I learned to program with sockets 15 years ago, too. I'm surprised that none of the people who criticize it in the comments here have linked to what they consider a suitable replacement. tpacek: writing networking code in C instead of Perl was malpractice in 1999, too. Except when it wasn't. You could make a reasonable argument that most things you would have done with sockets in 1994 should be done with a web server today... a lot of guys, when they see a mother breast feeding in public will roll their eyes in disgust, "does she really have to do that here?" People who are disgusted by breastfeeding have no place in any society. Breastfeeding is just something women do naturally, unless they are part of the minority that doesn't have children. Hostility to breastfeeding is just a form of hostility to women, and it has the effect of making women second-class citizens: it forces women to choose between raising their children themselves and participating as full members in society. Maybe I was just ignorant, but to me, Python and Ruby didn't seem like plausible alternatives to Perl in 1999. I don't know why; lack of libraries? Lack of documentation? Tcl, yes, but I'm glad I didn't spend too much time doing that. I couldn't believe you so I read the article. You're right! I'm surprised they thought this was newsworthy. The GigaOm article is a long whine that they got to see a tech presentation instead of a business presentation. At a developer conference. I'll try to remember this the next time I want to whine about how I got a business presentation instead of a tech presentation at a business conference. I don't understand how "not about business" equates to "arrogant". As for SharePoint — is there anything less important than SharePoint? Maybe one of my socks or something. Or one of my less important GitHub projects. My Scriptaculous cheat sheet, for example, has been downloaded about 500k times. That's amazing. Does that mean there are on the order of 500k programmers in the world using Scriptaculous? How many programmers are there, anyway? (In this case, discounting non-procedural languages like Excel.) Feynman wrote an interesting piece about schools that teach strictly to the test: http://www.feep.org/articles/feynman.html It seems to me that every student that graduates from this school is going to make the US a worse place to live. How are you going to fix anything that's broken if your colleagues have been trained from early childhood to strict obedience and unquestioning acceptance of authority? If basketball were taught the way most public school subjects are taught, the kids would sit on the sidelines all day discussing "issues" like zone versus man-to-man defense. They'd spend ten minutes on the court every week, and nobody would have to touch the ball unless they volunteered, because you wouldn't want to embarrass anybody. That sounds like the science class discussed in this article, not like the public schools. More generally, it sounds like "teaching to the test". There are also Channel 4s in essentially every US city. It's unusual for the British to be even more provincial than the Americans, but this is an example of it. So what does that say about people who put a lot of effort into promoting? Does it mean their customers aren't telling their friends? Are the customers just not internet users, or is the product bad? What does that say about companies (newspapers, Google) whose income stream is from people pouring money into promoting their products? Does it mean they'll be continually in search of new advertisers as the old ones go broke, unless they can fool their eyeballs into confusing ads with honest recommendations? I have been thinking this from a theoretical point of view for years. But it doesn't seem to be happening. GM is still in business, the New York Times isn't going anywhere, AdSense payments-per-click aren't dropping, and Anheuser-Busch still seems to be spending plenty on ads — right? I expressed two contradictory points of view in my comment (or possibly three). Which one are you agreeing with? I don't see how. Accelerated rusting? Transition to a different crystal structure? Relational databases were invented in 1970. The basic design for most of the popular RDBMSs today (Oracle, DB2, Ingres → Postgres, Sybase) was created in the 1980s. In 1982 you could buy a 5MB Winchester disk for US$2000. A terabyte of disk therefore would have cost US$400 million. This is not what relational databases were designed for. Otherwise your comment is correct. Although SQL sucks, it is a higher-level facility for getting and setting data than ORMs are. ORMs don't exist to abstract away SQL; that is counterproductive. ORMs exist so you can store your objects in a relational database, which is not a problem you can solve in SQL. I suspect that a big part of the problem with SQL is that it's too abstract: it is both hard to predict how fast a query will run and hard to predict whether the query will continue to run fast as the database changes. A big part of the appeal of things like memcached and Redis is that their performance is not only fast, but also predictable . Well, you're right that licensing cost can't be the reason, although ten years ago it could have been. But I think the "inherently scalable" item may have something to it. I think that's totally unwarranted. He essentially pointed out that MongoDB is actually an RDBMS, and clearly explained how Redis is different, and why. You can't get select, project, or cartesian product out of ismember, union, and intersection. Also, union corresponds to and and intersection corresponds to or, not the other way around as your comment has it. Haha! You're right. "Select" is the SPC-algebra operation which gives you the subset of a relation whose tuples satisfy some Boolean condition, e.g. firstname='bob'. "moving the atoms closer to each other" is what I was talking about; under some circumstances, that could manifest as a shift to a different crystalline structure. (If you search for information on high-pressure crystalline phases of materials, you'll find a lot of interesting things.) "Iron is incompressible" is often a useful approximation, but no material is actually incompressible (that would entail, among other things, faster-than-light propagation of shock waves and infinite hardness) and many day-to-day materials are less compressible than iron. Glass, for instance. Most metal objects do actually have voids in them, but you can manufacture metal objects that don't, and it's not clear that having voids in your cable would cause it to be damaged by pressure. Likewise for WAFL. I suspect, without being certain, that recent SSDs are doing this by implementing something like a log-structured filesystem in a translation layer. I also suspect that this is something that's better done in your OS kernel than in your SSD controller, because it has better information to work with. Summary: people who get rich from founding high-tech startups tend to found and fund more high-tech startups later on. Nothing new there. Article's author badly lacks historical perspective (HP; Shockley, Fairchild, Intel; Sun) and basic proofreading skills. Article not even worth skimming. ...and after I posted that, everything I'd commented in the last 24 hours got downvoted. I wonder who did that? Wow, holy shit. Is there someone we can talk to at Opera about that? Would you be willing to get me a screenshot of the message and tell me what version of Opera you're running? I'd like to find out who reported that, and why. The page in question doesn't contain any scripts or interactive features of any kind. (I just looked at it on the server with less to make sure nobody had, say, injected some script tags since the last time I looked. Nope.) Yeah, we point that out on the front page of the site. We didn't think it was necessary to point it out on every single page. The page in question was last edited five years before Canonical Ltd. was formed. For what it's worth, I have found a few since I wrote the article, and I still think the article is okay (although kind of outdated in some ways). I've fixed a few, too. Hopefully I've fixed more than I've created. Although I've never gone to journalism school, I have the impression that journalists' professional ethics forbid this, because it deprives them not only of the ability to misrepresent you but also of the ability to harshly criticize you. Clearly, for instance, the famous Wired hit piece on Ted Nelson never would have seen print if it had needed Ted's signoff. In the case of this story, when talking about ViaWeb, they mentioned the Morris worm (which pg never does voluntarily, as far as I can tell, even though it's by far Morris's most famous achievement) but they got the story wrong (or anyway this is the first time I'd ever heard the release was accidental, as opposed to the virulence.) I guess the short version is that they value independence from sources more highly than accuracy. Well, it's true that they're different means of communication; programming is like math. But if the title of the article were actually true, then super-clear writers like Ka-Ping Yee would be terrible programmers, and good programmers like Larry Wall or Linus Torvalds would be bad writers. In fact all three of those people are expert at both forms of communication, and that's typical in my experience. Well, you could start by founding a school that pays teachers $125 000 a year and then getting a press hit in the New York Times. he hasn't built a complex system and had to refactor it in order to scale You've heard of the C3 project? I think it was a complex system, they spent a lot of time refactoring it to add features, and some anecdotes suggest that performance (so it could scale to all of Chrysler) was one of the major feature categories that they were working on — and kind of failed on, I think. And it's the project Beck's best known for. Well, ideally the timeline goes something like this: 2008: announce the project; get the attention of a few of those who would be teaching 2009: launch, get a press hit in the NY Times; get the attention of hundreds of thousands more 2010: report good results and plans for expansion 2011: report good results and plans for expansion. At this point some of those who would be teaching who were entering university in 2008 are almost ready to graduate, and others are ready for a career change. 2012: report good results and start hiring a bunch of the fabulous scientists, engineers, etc., whose attention you've been attracting over the past four years. Yes, the problem is exactly analogous. And whenever you manipulate equations of rational expressions, or manipulate any equations by using division, you have to be careful that you don't accidentally invalidate your logic by inadvertently dividing by zero. A classic example is http://www.math.utoronto.ca/mathnet/falseProofs/first1eq2.ht... — you get from a correct equation to 2 = 1 by simply canceling an innocuous factor (a² - ab) from both sides, the problem being that the innocuous factor happens to be equal to 0. You can avoid this problem by changing your reasoning procedure. Old incorrect procedure; given: xy = xz conclude y = z Corrected procedure: given: xy = xz conclude: y = z ∨ x = 0 In many circumstances you can then immediately eliminate the x=0 case, e.g. when x is a numeric constant other than 0, or when x=0 → y=z by some other chain of reasoning. In other circumstances it turns out to complicate your proof enormously, and in cases like the fallacious proof I mentioned above, it actually makes the proof impossible. So the surprising discovery that this basic set-creation operation — the set of all objects meeting some criterion — contained a pitfall analogous to that of division occasioned some consternation. What was the analogous correction to make to reasoning with set theory? And once that was settled, all of the proofs made under the old system had to be checked wherever they used this fundamental operation. You fail to address the article's primary point, which is that they're in competition with offline media for ad buyers, and in this broader market, they have I think the stuff you wrote is mostly actually in the article. Well, it would be bad news if a medium that had only existed for a few years and had declining in its market share, wouldn't it? I don't know why you think the assertion is absurd. It seems like a pretty sensible assertion to me, but I don't know very much about marketing. Do you have time to share some of your marketing experience that makes it so obvious to you that online and offline ads aren't in competition? It seems like, at a minimum, online and offline advertisers are in competition. If online ads are sufficiently good at getting customers to buy from you, and your competitors are only advertising offline, then you're going to take market share away from them — and have more money to plow into online ads. If particular advertisers can shift part of their advertising spend between online and offline, that represents a more direct kind of competition between online and offline advertising. In the comment you are replying to, I said, "ORMs exist so you can store your objects in a relational database, which is not a problem you can solve in SQL." It sounds like you're saying the same thing? The issue is that he was cheating Google by putting their ads on worthless trash sites. Yes, they hit innocent people sometimes, but this guy is clearly not in that category! Octave, R, Lush, NumPy, and PDL (the Perl one) have some of the APL-nature too. Response has been deleted. "Anyone can do anything without these drugs, and I'm speaking from experience." No, you're not. You haven't been everyone, you haven't done everything, not everyone has done everything, and even if they had you wouldn't have been able to observe them closely. This is a fantastically interesting post. Too bad it will probably be killed because it's about illegal drugs. The gender differences on Etsy are far too large to explain in terms of some kind of innate psychological difference, such as a difference in expertise at evaluating economic options; the only such large gender differences that have been found are in masturbation and physical strength. You have to go to network effects or explicit messaging about gender. My hypothesis: women are on Etsy because women go where there are already women. Men mostly aren't because men go where there are already men. You know, if you're in the US and you need medical care, there are other options besides trying to use the US medical system. Some of them are even more reliable than trying to diagnose your own diseases using your own microscope (and safer than trying to treat your own diseases). Mexico has excellent health care for "rich people", where "rich" has a lower bar to entry than in the US. If you talk to Mexican-Americans, you will hear horror stories about how they had to go on a trip to Juarez or Tijuana to get proper treatment when the US system failed them — sometimes not soon enough. Costa Rica has lots of medical tourism. Argentina is world-famous for its medical care; we recently had a woman from New Zealand who stayed with us (via couchsurfing.com) while she got a bunch of dental work here. Thailand is becoming popular too. I don't know about Canada, but the care we got in the ER there was similar to what we would have gotten in the US (it was just a dislocated shoulder) but cost 10% as much. Sorry, I should have posted this in my comment: http://www.apa.org/journals/releases/amp606581.pdf It's not a single study; it's a meta-review of dozens of well-controlled studies on gender differences from 1984 to 2005. Entirely possible, and I don't know if it's been replicated since the 1996 study; it was noteworthy because it was one of the very few studies that found a large gender effect. If that study is flawed, it further reinforces my main point, which is that there are very few general innate or cultural gender differences are large enough to explain the 10:1 or whatever ratio among Etsy users. I've found it's a losing strategy in most situations. Prisoner's-dilemma problem: being honest about your level of confidence is better for everybody, but if other people aren't doing the same, it's worse for you. What the article said was that when people had the opportunity to observe both confidence and expertise, they preferred buying advice from advisors who were more confident and advisors who were more expert, but the confidence effect was much larger. In other words, even when they had ample evidence with which to differentiate, they went with their biologically programmed attraction to confidence rather than their rational assessment of expertise. I'm vulnerable to it too; I just added an extremist Libertarian as a friend on Facebook, because they're just so enjoyable to talk to. Tentative conclusions can be a sign of lack of information, too. Nuanced conclusions can equally well be a sign of spending a lot of time explaining the conclusion as of expertise. In the experiment, people actually had information about expertise. Heh. Well, I agree that it's premature to generalize definitively to humans in general, and this is a problem with psychology experiments in general: any particular experiment is necessarily very restricted in scope, and generally N is very small, so it's hard to have confidence in anything more than simple linear models. Occam's razor suggests that it's more likely, given this one data point, that it's true of all people than that it's only true of the people that happened to be in the sample. But that clearly doesn't justify holding that view very strongly; it's based on a small amount of evidence. Yes, that's what I thought too. The differences in strength aren't anywhere close to 10:1 either. There were eight rounds in the experiment. The NS article says, "In the later rounds, guessers tended to avoid advisers who had been wrong previously." He's not taking an empirical approach; he's taking an argumentum ad authoritam approach. An empirical approach would involve observing other people doing this and seeing what the effect is. The best you can say is that he's consulting an authority whose information he hopes is empirical. Where are you? I'm pretty sure things will get better soon for CS folks. Well, he might be a lot better off talking to his friends about their experiences. Historically, Scholasticism was a big part of the background against which the 18th-century empiricists were rebelling, so from my perspective they're almost opposites. working kids is considered a sign of coming from the lower classes I think that's why Americans value it. I didn't have a key for ∞, so in my xcompose file I mapped it to compose 8 8. Or maybe clsn did, I don't remember. Even though it's on the ACM site, I downloaded the paper with no problem. Some of the comments here are about the excessive cost of ebook readers, or the fragility of the devices. But typical college textbooks cost US$100 or more. At that rate, a new EeePC costs 2.5 textbooks, and an OLPC XO would costs even less if they were available for sale. Even if elementary and high school textbooks cost less (down to US$50 maybe? They're still all-glossy four-color-printed quarto-sized hardcovers sewn in signatures, aren't they?) you could afford to buy a new netbook per year per student — assuming you can't make do with a used two-year-old smartphone. That's assuming, of course, that the textbook costs are related to printing the things, not writing them or extracting rents from schools. The same thing happens between the armies of nations. Nation A's army attacks the civilians and army of Nation B; Nation B's army attacks the civilians and army of Nation A. Even though they're fighting each other, the civilians on both sides are very similar to each other, and the war makes them all worse off through taxation and slaughter. The armies are also very similar to each other, in values and in training, and very different from the civilian population. In fact, they probably trained together in joint exercises or at WHISC before the war. If you slice the identities one way, the attacks by the armies on the civilians show that the armies are dangerous to the civilians, and therefore civilians should endeavor to eliminate armies, as did the people of the United States in the American Revolution, and as did the people of Costa Rica during the previous century. But of course the more common way to look at it is that the attacks by Nation A show the great necessity for the civilians of Nation B to support the army of Nation B, in order to deter and defend against attacks from Nation A, and vice versa. So armies, as a class, whip up support for themselves by attacking and killing the civilians whose support they depend on. And so today in Israel and Palestine, each nation has strong popular support for organized violence against civilians on the other side. Of course, historically the connection between armies and governments is extremely close. Is there a way out? Are the Costa Ricans in imminent danger of invasion due to their lack of armed forces? Having armed forces didn't seem to help the Salvadorans, the Guatemalans, or the Nicaraguans when the US funded terrorist campaigns against their people, didn't help the Panamanians or the Granadans when the US decided to invade them, and didn't help Guatemala when the United Fruit Company organized a coup. In fact, in most of those cases, the army acted against its own people. But would Honduras have avoided the Football War if they had had no army? Or would they now be a province of El Salvador? Would Cuba be a territory of the US, like Puerto Rico? (And would Cubans be better off if they were?) Beyond a certain point, I don't care how easy something makes a program that will never grow beyond a page, though. (If that isn't easy, your language has serious problems!) Maybe we can call your thesis "verbosity is power". A page of COBOL is easy to understand and easy to write; a page of APL is much slower to understand and fiendishly difficult to write. That doesn't mean you should prefer COBOL over APL. It's a result of the fact that you can express more in a line of APL than in a page of COBOL. And, in fact, that line of APL is easier to write and easier to read than that page of COBOL. Ideally, any time you're solving a problem that's a small variation of a problem somebody has already solved, you should be able to write your program by referencing their solution and describing the variation. In such a world, no program is more than a page. But there aren't very many of you! I mean, we've all spent some time looking for jobs, right? Even the best of us. I think I kind of agree with you, but kind of not. Try looking at it from this perspective: There is really only one program. It is running on the internet and the disconnected nodes that only exchange data by sneakernet. It never stops running. Every bit of software that we think of as a separate program is really a part of this program. What are the techniques that make this program manageable (in the sense that it continues to perform useful functions and people continue to extend it)? I don't think they're module systems and type inference. I think REST, for example, plays a much bigger role. Full-text search of documentation plays a big role. NANOG plays a big role. Most of the things that really matter most in keeping it manageable are interpersonal and institutional rather than purely technical. But this large program is made up largely of code, and nearly all of that code is made up of individual lines of code. Many of the technical things that help us most to keep it manageable are precisely the ones that allow us to write self-contained modifications more and more incrementally — a page, or a paragraph, or a line of code at a time. So in that sense, things like type inference and programming higher on the declarativeness scale (e.g. DSLs, libraries) are important in managing the large project precisely because they can be compellingly demonstrated in "programs" of less than a page. You're not familiar with the Dead Media Working Notes? This is not happening in this case, but some materials do indeed have different crystal phases that can exist at the same temperature and pressure for extended periods of time, and some of them have different densities, like steel (search http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martensite for "density") and quartz (search http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coesite for "volume"). The property in general is called "polymorphism", see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polymorphism_(materials_science... . (And of course glasses do not in general have the same density as crystalline forms of the same materials.) A few years back (5? 7?) there was a startup working on a new memory technology based on polymorphic crystallization. To update a bit, you would melt the material in a cell on the chip, and then let it cool over some period of time; I think the number was something like 2 ns for a 0, 5 ns for a 1, resulting in one of two different polymorphs. The two polymorphs of the material had a difference in some electrical property (permittivity? resistivity?) that permitted you to tell which form had been crystallized. (I was told about the technology under "friend NDA", but I'm pretty sure that this is both late enough and vague enough to be okay.) (I'm not a materials scientist; I'm just interested in stuff.) The FitzGerald contraction would only shrink it in one dimension. Another reincarnation of crit.org. Wikalong is still online, but it's gratuitously incompatible with Firefox 3 (which is Firefox's fault, not Wikalong's.) That's just 20 bucks to one person, so the expected value of emailing you is less than a dollar. Naggum was sort of the anti-pg (actually on Wiki he's described as PaulGraham's EvilTwin): people who loved Lisp were driven away from the community because they couldn't take the abuse, and so comp.lang.lisp became a vicious slime pit. There's more discussion and some minimal confirmation on reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/8u5dp/erik_nagg... Unlike most of the posters there, I'm glad he's gone. The world is a better place without him, and maybe now the Lisp community can begin to heal. I don't see how truncating lines can be "correct" behavior. Be liberal in what you accept and conservative in what you send. Nearly every Naggum post on comp.lang.lisp was an attempt to hurt other people; he was a master of emotional cruelty. I was never a victim of it myself, as far as I can remember, but it repelled me from the forum. A murderer typically only kills one person, causing loss to a few dozen. Naggum didn't, as far as I know, kill anybody; he merely turned a leading-edge technical community into a kind of twisted cult of personal abuse. Every person alive today is a little bit poorer because of the poor state of Lisp implementations, which can largely be attributed to Naggum's vicious dominance on comp.lang.lisp, and so for a long time Lisp lacked any kind of widely-used forum for technical discussion among sane people. That's also the kind of thinking that made the internet and the Web workable systems, while Hyper-G, OSI, SNA, DECNET, Xanadu, and so on ended up in the dustbin of history. Yeah, it's too bad that at some point someone has to build quirksmode.org and write the HTML5 standard, but that's better than not having widely-used web standards to deal with in the first place. Mark Pilgrim wrote an excellent rebuttal in 2004, showing why you are completely, entirely, 100% wrong on this: http://diveintomark.org/archives/2004/01/14/thought_experime... Yes, of course you are correct. (Coming on the same day as a bunch of eulogies for Erik Naggum on HN, this is kind of funny, although I'm sure you didn't mean it that way.) Unfortunately it is too late for me to edit my message. Maybe not having a single company running a set of servers that service hundreds of millions of people would be a good start. If Facebook were software running on the servers of many different groups of people, then the relationships would be somewhat different; among other things, you could fix your local copy of the software to handle MIME properly, then distribute the result to other people who were running their own servers. Everyone who is commenting and downmodding here should read at least the first message in that thread. Then they should mod up my top-level comment and apologize. Erik was not a passionate militant; he certainly thought pretty hard, but he wasn't "thoughtful" in the sense of Martin Luther King. He was a bully and a sadist who devoted much of his life to emotional abuse of other people, and he did terrible damage to the Lisp community. I'll quote briefly from what Erik wrote in http://groups.google.com/group/comp.lang.lisp/browse_thread/... , which someone linked to above: I'm overjoyed that I actually hurt your feelings. I wish I could hurt your feelings so much you would commit suicide. sadly, this has failed, ... the only thing I regret is that I didn't see your fantastic stupidity as a result of your shattered psychology -- it's fairly uncommon to be so fucking retarded because of a psychological problem, but clearly, you have been immensely stupid all your life, and now that I come and hurt your stupid feelings, so you turn on me like a vicious and mad dog -- and that's exactly what you are to me: a mad dog in need of a bullet through his sick brain before he actually manages to hurt someone or himself. do the world a huge favor and commit suicide tonight. I'm not sure what Janos Blazi did that Erik thought deserved this kind of a response (which he tried to keep private, incidentally; there's no telling how many hundreds of emails like this he may have sent that have never seen the light of day) but I do not see how this "helps keep minds open to his side of things" or how it is a "noble pursuit" or "admirable". Maybe you're young, but Usenet was the center of mass of programming discussions from shortly after its inception, in the early 1980s, until sometime around 2000–2005. So for about half of Lisp's lifetime, Usenet was central. And, as someone else pointed out, you can see a major difference in the tone of comp.lang.lisp before and after Erik's ascendancy — and its contributors. He may not have been the sole cause, but he was certainly one of them. I think it's more accurate to say that programmers have been slowly accepting the ideas behind Lisp for fifty years: linked lists, recursion, dynamic typing, flexibly-sized data structures, conditional expressions, garbage collection, and a small core language with everything else in libraries were all present in (and central to!) 1959 Lisp, and very far from the mainstream in 1959. The main features of 1959 Lisp that have not been widely adopted are simple syntax and atoms. (Macros came later.) For most of the time between then and now, new language features have tended to appear early on in Lisps and much later in more mainstream languages. Compare Python or Haskell list comprehensions with the Common Lisp LOOP macro, for example; or consider Loops/Flavors/CLOS. I essentially don't use Lisp today because Lisp systems fell badly behind other languages in many ways: Python, Ruby, Lua, Objective-C, OCaml, and so forth are better options today. There's no mystery to why this is: people stopped working on Lisp systems. That was partly due to the AI winter, but it actually worsened in the 1990s. I don't know how much of that was because of Erik driving people away and how much was for other reasons. Nobody in Germany listens to or plays music until grad school? I'm not asking people not to express sorrow; I just don't think that silently downmodding my comment is a reasonable or effective way of doing it. I think it's a slap in the face of all the people Erik bullied and abused over the years to punish someone for speaking out on their behalf. With regard to me "seeking help": were you consciously quoting Erik's post, or was that a matter of unconscious irony? Please read my quote from Naggum elsewhere in this thread. He would have no patience for your point of view! Thank you for posting this. It's so utterly bizarre to see people attacking me for posting inappropriate personal attacks on Erik Naggum . Yes, of course I think Facebook should fix their mail too, but other people seemed to have already made that point well enough. Right, but there's radio stations and street musicians and concerts and stuff, right?