http://arxiv.org/ My current-model MacBook Air would be perfect with 1TB SSD and 16GB RAM,and removable battery. Yes, I would accept the portability hit. It's fast enough, and I'm deeply relieved that the backlit keyboard returned. This site may provide some help. They sold licensed fabric items on eBay that contained Disney characters. Repeat, licensed. Disney tried to take them down using DMCA and other strongarm tactics. They won against Disney using DIY techniques--no lawyers involved! I know it's not the same situation but you would be well advised to visit their site at http://www.tabberone.com/Trademarks/Articles/Tabberone/Fight... A lovely tribute, and a view of retirement that matches mine completely. One might also add simply that, Calvinistic though this may be, work is good for us. My father retired at 59 for reasons that are still unclear to me (he loved his job) and died a year later. Wonderfully written and a page turner. Bookmarked it but ended up devouring the thing in one sitting. Deserves widespread publication. Guo is a remarkable dude, and brutally honest. It's a tale of perseverance and canny self-promotion from a guy who is spectacularly good at learning from failure. I felt an almost parental joy upon reading the outcome. Publish this on Kindle, Mr. Guo! Andrew Youderian's posts are always perceptive. As a dude who runs all his own blogs, I have to admit he has me thinking twice about the whole self-hosting thang. Good for sites I know will achieve limited traffic (like my HOA), but WPEngine may be worth considering for bigger commercial sites. I do loves my own plugins, though. Text-only cached page: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://... Incredibly perceptive and amazingly employee-centric. I've learned a lot of this the hard way. i didn't know there was a cross-platform emoji problem Politically incorrect question for Rebol jocks: Doesn't Red ( http://www.red-lang.org/ ) appear to have the vitality lost years ago by Rebol? Am seriously not trying to be rude to Carl Sassenrath, Rebol's inventor. Just discovered Rebol lately so am not very tuned in to the ecosystem. But Red has been open source for some time, it appears to be dramatically faster, and seems to be free of Carl's understandable urges to keep some kind of control in an anarchic world? I say this as someone trying to decide which one to invest my very limited non-work time in one of these two very worthy projects. http://www.web2py.com By far the most comprehensive, most underrated Python framework (actually, any web framework) that I know of. Incredibly complete library. Fantastic community. Most responsive project creator/manager-place is a dream. Agree with the conclusion, but some of the reasoning is unsound. This statement is patently untrue: "This doesn’t mean you can attract smart hackers to your language just by running an advertising campaign though. Sun tried that with Java, but a: their marketing was too explicit, and it just seemed like one company trying to push its own technology, and b: Java itself is a detestable language. So, in addition, it seems like language quality is not something you can make up for in marketing." It implies that Java failed in the marketplace. It did not. It has taken and kept huge market share. Sadly, it is the language most employers are hiring for. I would rather poke myself in the eye with a pencil than program in Java, but it has most certainly succeeded in the enterprise. Little puzzled here. How is it a "mistake"? A mistake is dropping a teacup while you're washing dishes. This is a deliberate act of ridicule. Little puzzled here. How is it a "mistake"? A mistake is dropping a teacup while you're washing dishes. This is a deliberate act of ridicule. I use all-free photos from these places http://morguefile.com/ http://www.photorack.net/ http://publicdomainclip-art.blogspot.com/ (found at article: http://webmarketingfree.com/free/royalty-free-photos-top-3-f... ) We all know these things never work as well as the demos. Well... this worked as well as the demo. Better, actually--I was literally finished before I knew it because I didn't see the real-time update on the right at first. A deceptively simple UI and beautifully implemented. Useful, well conceived--I'm quite impressed. Are there any pictures of completed WikiHouses anywhere? Couldn't find one via web search. This also serves as a clear illustration of SQLite internals and DBMS internals in general without thick clots of rubbish jargon. Nice. If you're interested in database implementation this neatly covers a multitude of topics. That's awesome, because I almost never rent clerks. Ba dum dum. We do get that she was an admitted terrorist and conspired to murder a man, right? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emma_Goldman#Homestead_plot Been a while since I looked at ELF but it would sure be nice if it used, say, a well-defined ELF subset to make use of the many ELF tools out there already. Amazing how much you wedged into 995 bytes. I have to admit, I would have been willing to pay 997 or 988 bytes for it, but I'm a big spender ;-) A lot of jargon. Not much information. It did not inspire me to visit his blog. "Colleague" is the term used in some European languages. But really--get over yourselves. No one really cares. Thank you for pointing out lobste.rs. I like it. Can you issue me an invite? How did I not know this! Elegant. Thank you. Fantastic having it appear before anything else the shell does. incredibly tight work: ss14-team-15.divshot.io/js/framework7.css ss14-team-15.divshot.io/framework7/js/framework7.js Not a shrink but all these symptoms point to depression. Strongly suggest you visit clergy, therapist, or some other caring but impartial person. No shame in that. You wouldn't treat your own MS or gallstones. Article does not address licensing terms; what's in it for Unity? Rice cooker #3: Do farmers have the time or inclination to photo, name, and update the status of individual sheep? For those who don't know, Hendershott wrote Cakewalk, the most popular music-creation software on the PC. He knows his stuff. It's also an engaging article, esp for us old C/C++ hacks who get nervous around Lispy things. That's a whole lot of words to replace "In vino veritas". Also explains why teetotalers like me are sometimes considered suspect. Another cinematic application for a rabbit-proof fence: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0246578/ Is starvation more safe? Article does not address danger to aircraft. I grew up in a place I don't want to return to. Also, I have two handicapped kids, one of whom will need round-the-clock care long after I'm dead. I got sick (at 21) of crappy bosses. And finally, I chose a good field to work in (programming) I became highly self-motivated at 21 because I was a dropout & knew I had to be better than my degreed peers to get an equally good job. It was either go to college, then get some crappy job as a teacher, or find an area of programming so challenging that it scared other programmers (back then, it was embedded systems and compiler implementation). Ever since I decided at 21 to become a programmer (despite having absolutely no tech background) I have studied for my next job while I'm working the current one. At 34 Microsoft hired me with no resume despite the fact that I was old and the last thing I graduated from was middle school. One thing I always keep in mind is this: are there people dumber than I am doing better than I am in whatever I happen to be doing at the moment? If the answer is yes, then I know I can be just as successful simply by working as hard as I need to until I'm as good as they are, or maybe a little better. Have been CEO of my own company for 14 years now, but continue to study current programming practices and to do interesting projects with them. No matter what job I have had, no matter how good, I have always operated under the assumption I could lose it all tomorrow, and that I would be facing stiff competition for jobs. I avoided Silicon Valley because it was too much of a pressure cooker. Instead I lived in more laid back areas that still had some tech presence. This let me live a moderately balanced life despite essentially working 2 jobs at all times. Had I gone to Silicon Valley I knew, even in the late 80s, I would be slave to an 80 hour-per-week job and end up, in all likelihood, with nothing to show for it. I read the industry and business press carefully from afar & kept a close eye on what was doing well and where the market was underserved. I tried to match my skills to holes in the market. My approach can be scary because I have to take on more risk, but the rewards have been better. Because of this I invested lots in Microsoft stock in the late 90s when everyone said they were dead. Their past, and their P/Ls, said something very different. The stock I owned went up 1300% during this time because everyone else, including Microsofties, was trying to get out if it. (I exited at the peak.) This money helped me invest in the business I own now. It was also a risky buy at the bottom of a market. I have more than one paid-for house and no debt but I still keep up my skills. Though my income is very good, even in my 50s I am ready to work as a developer or architect if my company shuts down tomorrow. By being barely smarter than Gene Simmons. Michael Crichton directed IIRC. No disrespect meant; I don't know either one of you. But is it possible your work is in fact subpar? This has happened to me (I was the one who needed to improve). I urge you to look at your work in that light and see things from your coworker's perspective. That was a generous and fascinating answer. You're a force to be reckoned with. What are you doing now? Have you finished your studies? "Start Small, Stay Small" by Rob Walling. Discusses how to get a one-person business going for the least possible cost & time. http://goo.gl/ztkc3t "web2py Complete Reference Manual, 6th Edition Prerelease", by far my favorite Python framework and being used for my new startup--see above! http://goo.gl/2kdl6O "Field of Prey", John Sandford, a well-written thriller. http://goo.gl/F8QCoe I've purchased virtually every MacBook Air model. Even the earliest, slowest ones were (barely) acceptable for XCode and YouTube simultaneously. Modern versions, very much so. If you can, buy the maximum RAM. Expensive, I know. Obviously the more SSD you can afford the better. I'm a complete idiot. You're right--it's well worth printing a single card at position 1 (or 0 ;-) and throwing away the rest of the sheet. Doh! Also, thank you for giving me the search term "id card printer". I didn't even come close with my fumbling attempts at things like "print business cards 1 at a time" and so forth. Thanks. I didn't know these existed either. I'm learning a lot today. Done and done. Thank you. I also did not know about integrated cards, aka integrated forms. These are almost certainly my best bet on further consideration. Thank you. I have use snapnames many times. You may consider it expensive ($70/pop) but it's so reliable that it's well worth the peace of mind for me. I kept rooting for a flood fill algorithm. I was a late starter and I am a slow learner. I was desperate to get into the computer field but couldn't afford college. When I saw the friendly September 1983 cover in a Crown bookstore I instinctively felt like I was home. Back in those days you could find lots of recycled crap by authors who knew nothing but how to cash in on the microcomputer craze, or tons of abstruse theory without any examples. COMPUTE fixed both problems, teaching the theory behind the code it presented while staying accessible. COMPUTE shepherded me to what has been to me an enormously successful career (great jobs, fascinating work, complete independence, no debt, the ability to take care of two medically expensive children, and my house paid for). The writing was lively. It was actually edited. Even the colors and illustration were buoyant but not condescending. The best programs in those days were written in assembly, but assembly listings were way too long, no one knew assembly, and no one could afford an assembler. So most magazines had to repurpose Hangman and Hunt the Wumpus every third article. COMPUTE's innovative answer was MSX, which allowed users the ability to get a professionally created machine language program without having to subscribe to expensive online resources or to mail in for an expensive floppy disk. MSX was ingenious and no other magazine had anything like it. It was a short BASIC program you would use to enter the numbers shown (not the first column). The two-digit columns were converted by MSXX to a binary executable. It then wrote the program straight into memory. You could then save your finished program on tape or disk. The rewards could be splendid. The December issue shown on the right featured Speedscript, a good enough word processor that I was able to make a living with it for years as a technical writer. (Had to hook up an electric typewriter to my PC via a parallel interface gizmo.) Yes, it took me probably 4 hours to enter, but I was literally able to earn a living with it. Another revolutionary program was Laser Chess. It spawned many imitators, some thriving to this day. I confess I never played it because I was actually too jealous, despite a lifelong interest in strategy games. The game was so good, it just hurt too much. empressplay's remark about checksum problems is sort of true. It had a crude checksum feature that worked line by line, and occasionally a false positive went through, requiring you to spend a few hours retyping the program. Stil, the only other way you could find new apps this good was to pay way more than the price of a magazine. COMPUTE actually paid decently, so you even saw people like Orson Scott Card on the payroll. He edited one of my articles but I hadn't read Enders Game. My editor Clifton Karnes is and always was both a first-rate programmer and commercial-quality graphic artist, and was a wonderful editor to boot. I've made lots of money, bought way too many guitars, and got to work at one of the greatest companies in the world (Microsoft's dev tools division at their peak), but few things were as thrilling as when I became a writer and then columnist for COMPUTE! It had given so much to me--literally, a dream career in very dark times--that I still grateful to be a part of their history. RIP, COMPUTE! And thank you for 30+ years of working awesome jobs, all of which may have gone into the bitbucket without that first September 1983 issue. Brilliant! I really wish I thought of that one! Is there a way to add lists, ideally with multiple columns? No access for the handicapped. Are there any Oberon systems around to try/buy? Doh! http://www.oberon.ethz.ch/downloads/index Let me commend them on the clarity of their writing. When the audiences is themselves it's brisk, vigorous, candid, and refreshingly to the point. Now contrast that with monstrosities like the Affordable Health Care Act, thousands of pages long, nearly impenetrable, and executed without any of the legislators involved actually reading or understanding it. Or the tax code, which is incapable of returning idempotent values when the same functions are applied to identical inputs. It never hurt me, back when I was applying for honest jobs (self employed now). Whether or not I worked for other people, I was always doing things I knew would advance my career. Absolutely true! But it seems like playing with fire to use a powerfully psychoactive drug like hash when one has such symptoms. He doesn't seem to mention that he stopped smoking up. Common sense tells us that would probably be a good idea. Kudos, Meteor team! Now, SQL, please... If this project works it could prove a godsend to users with disabilities, even though it can't by definition ever be state of the art (as observed elsewhere in this post modern phones have zero wasted space, and housing/integration will necessarily require more space per feature). A functioning Ara ecosystem would allow the economical creation of devices with smaller production runs. One version may have a much bigger amplifier/speaker unit for hard of hearing users. Another may have a huge screen for those with impaired eyesight. Yet another could be optimized for those with extremely limited motor function à la Stephen Hawking. It will also be a godsend to me, because even though I have giant farmer hands, I detest phones bigger than an iPhone 4S. Bonus points for the quote This befuddling complexity is not confined to the vagina. First off, props to this krewe for tackling a large and scary topic, for exceptional clarity, and especially their humility. At about a 1% spread, the differences among languages are negligible. Even a sample this size is too small: A first glance at Figure 1(a) reveals that defect proneness of the languages indeed depends on the domain. For example, in the Middleware domain JavaScript is most defect prone (31.06% defect proneness). This was little surprising to us since JavaScript is typically not used for Middleware domain. On a closer look, we find that JavaScript has only one project, v8 (Google’s JavaScript virtual machine), in Middleware domain that is responsible for all the errors. I dislike Al Franken's politics greatly, but I think it's every bit his right to use the bully pulpit this way (I mean this sincerely). If Uber did track a journalist it is reprehensible. But how Uber could benefit from answering this fishing expedition? If I were Uber I'd simply stonewall. They are under no legal compunction to answer, and virtually no answer would help them. Fascinating! So the letter is probably a veiled threat. I hope the Senate has better things to do with its time, though a debate of much stronger privacy laws would be a healthy outcome of this mess. A wonderful educational tool for anyone interested in writing an in-memory compiler or who just wants to get a feel for the ELF format documentation, which can be... deep. Beautiful story in so many ways. Thank you. Lots of similarities here, though I was self taught & ended up (very, very happily) at Microsoft for a few years. Your stories of family were enormously powerful & bittersweet. what a ride. This just seems like a giant incoherent wish list with no central vision or any sense of the inevitable compromise required for any language of stature. Oh yeah, another thing happened this year. The hivemind turned its back on the creator of JavaScript because he had a private, principled difference of opinion that was never in the slightest reflected in his public role. True! Source: Am old So Github banned Brendan Eich who was so mild in his beliefs they were unknown for years after he contributed to a principled cause. However, they welcome the Russian Federation, which has thrown thousands of people into gulags, taken over media outlets, and has rolled over US allies with impunity. I'm an idiot! I blanked and decided he was CEO of Github, not Mozilla. Downvotes to my totally irrelevant comment richly deserved. Apologies. Thanks for calling me out. I was totally wrong. See above. No mention of brain teaser questions, which is A Good Thing IMHO. The collaborate-on-a-recent-problem one is also a strong idea. It would reveal things about the candidate that practicing brain teasers would not. ..and SNAP! Great work, dmytrish. This is a godsend to people trying to fight their way through traditional compiler texts. Thanks for a truly impressive contribution to the language dev world. I believe #2 is key and have thought for years this could be the basis of a super-effective site. But not a lucrative one: a key problem is that any kind of monetization that would benefit the doctors doing the rating could pervert the results. Not true at all. web2py is infinitely more capable than rails and has been compatible in all releases since 1.0, over 7 years ago. UndoManager is an unusual and welcome addition to such libs. Codebase as a whole looks pretty darn clean. Would like to understand reason for downvotes... LiveCode is a serious, legitimate, cross platform successor to HyperCard. It's a pretty sweet programming environment. But beware the GPL license with the Community Edition, which requires that any code you originate with the Community Edition remain public domain, even if you get a commercial license. Commercial too. I think corporate devs are perfectly fine with a few rough edges or less than cutting-edge tools or even (gasp) having to pay for software. It would be awesome to know what firms have actual functioning support contracts, for example. Did you read the post fully? By far the most disturbing part for me was his report that courts going all the way up to SCOTUS appear to view wikis as authoritative, even a link that was demonstrably wrong. This is a neat idea, with lots of clean source code. First off, sorry it didn't work out as a business. Agree with you that it has a place in the enterprise, and that marketing to the enterprise is a huge job. I would very much like a demo or two or at least working endpoints backed by a little data (the ones at https://github.com/BjoernKW/ZenQuery#formats don't work); unfortunately like many of us I don't have as much time as I'd like to delve into the code w/out examples. ...but your professor was wrong, OP. Wrangling spreadsheets means no permissions (anyone could make changes), no audit trail (and you would't know who made changes), and no enforcement of business rules. "Technology made it obsolete to shadow suspects on foot (Hammett’s specialty) and by car, with satellite imagery making it possible to see a case to completion from the privacy of a cubicle." What sort of cases would be solved using satellite imagery? Here, let me burn the exceptionally modest amount of karma I have on HN. I am married to an immigrant. Immigrants have been huge contributors to the country. We should keep 'em coming. I'm pretty sure virtually all "anti-immigrants" agree. But what many call "anti-immigrant" is propaganda, due to deliberate and willful devaluation of the term "immigrant". It has come to supplant the more accurate terms "illegal alien" or the more modern "illegal immigrant". We spent years navigating the hideous INS bureaucracy to obtain her citizenship. Amnesty bills are a slap in the face to those of us who played by the rules. The fact that existing immigration laws go largely unenforced have resulted in depressed wages and large swathes of the Texas and Arizona borders becoming killing grounds and defacto "no go zones". Farmers' lands on the border are becoming unusable and dangerous. Illegal immigrants place enormous burdens on hospitals in border states. Like many on the right, I am strongly for legal immigration on pretty generous terms. I am strongly anti-illegal immigrant, and not the least bit "anti-immigrant". I do want to see existing laws enforced. Soup to nuts deployment issues. When to use Docker. What to monitor, when. What logs to look at. How to balance security against convenience. How to use Fabric to deploy a Python app. How to completely script server deployment of web apps. How to turn a toy database-backed app written in Python into production code, and exactly what shims, insecure development features, etc. should be removed. Send to their ISP. Usually that's very efficient. Not sure how this proves chrome is falling apart? I would just be happy with a file-based interface that would let me know physically where my photos are, where they're backed up to on iCloud, and could easily be moved to another storage device. Reading it 100 times deeply informed many of the greatest minds of the age, and naturally created an educated citizenry for generations. A model of presentation of data. Its clarity belies the variety of techniques used. Perfect use of word clouds. Thank you. Ambitious. The enormous clear canopies are a recipe for unbearable heat and mugginess in the California daylight. I'm guessing there are some clever ventilation schemes to counter it? The high native grasses are perfect hiding places for vermin. Bitcoin is more volatile than state currency. Do large institutions that accept it have some kind of hedging strategy? It will be fascinating to see what kind of objective measurements we'll be able to get out of it in future decades--biological diversity, erosion properties, etc. Probably: http://science.dodlive.mil/2010/09/01/remote-control-of-brai... It seems to forget debouncing by the computer's BIOS, or is that now handled by keyboard hardware? Couldn't a perfectly adequate parser have been written in about the same time as the blog post? Downvotes not justified. Lane's reviews are distressingly snarktastic. This article and its footnotes constitute the best summary of an IBM mainframe computing environment I have ever encountered. Have occasionally tried to read the old reference materials but they were never remotely this cogent. He also makes good use of modern context, since we have now settled on fundamentals such as word length, binary encoding, and so on. A masterpiece in miniature. Does not work for me. I end up with a crushed soul and a complete inability to function. A stunning environmental victory, if true. And in case the bureaucratic hand in India sounds heavy, it is probably worse here in the Land of the Free: http://www.ncsl.org/research/environment-and-natural-resourc... A little surprised by the resistance to your suggestion. Apparently I too am doomed to retire into marketing after 30 years of programming. "Are you ignorant of what it means to be ignorant?" FTW A good paper and a fairly easy read. Reynolds is diplomatic: While he mentions in the abstract that "In the early history of continuations, basic concepts were independently discovered an extraordinary number of times. This was due less to poor communication among computer scientists than to the rich variety of set- tings in which continuations were found useful" the truth appears to be more textured. In the body of the article he cites a number of occasions in which seemingly relevant papers were declined from journals for what seem to be petty reasons. Ditto. It was a boon to me too. So nicely written. Rumspringa is a practice observed by very few Amish sects, and has not been shown to increase happiness in its participants. Lists laid out in an obvious format are not subject to copyright. Responsive SQL, please! Now please fix race conditions everywhere else, like Baltimore. Press space or swipe or right arrow Man, me too. I feel more comfortable knowing where all my memory is, and that my types are being checked at compile time. We love these things. We have bought at least 8 of the Totos over the last 10 years. None has ever needed repair (we have several houses). They helped me a lot after an abdominal operation, and are good for our severely learning delayed son. They applied crushed mica to some of the illustrations, and the book description says it was particularly effective in pictures of the wings. Also, I like the bear suit. If you believe that deeply in that idea, then turn it into a startup. Put your own money into it and I'm sure you'll see truly interesting results! That's extremely rough--sorry. Do you have an ad on Craigslist? Seems like everyone I try to hire for a gig on CL here in Seattle is busy. At the moment I don't need anyone but over the years I have used CL for short-term projects. Some of them were remote, some required in-person meets. I'm just saying that they all seemed to get work on CL pretty regularly. Austin Allred, this tracks with my experience. I too earn a high integer multiple of what I would have made had I not taken my self-education seriously. My case may be different from others, because I am self taught at both business and programming. I have always treated professional literature as my "college education", except that unless most CS courses it has always applied directly to my own professional development. As well as what you said, I give myself permission to study only what's relevant. If I learn just one useful thing from a $50 book there's a very high chance it will pay for the book many, many times over. I do not torture myself by treating every book as if I have some kind of obligation to read it cover to cover. I think it's criminally malicious to lock knowledge away behind a paywall. Free is a good start. Fapjacks, you sound very generous with the fruits of other people's labor. I assume you make your housing, transportation, computer hardware, clothing, and other possessions you earned freely available to others--please publish your address so we can take advantage of your largesse. Here in the States, many of the Framers agreed with you regarding intellectual property (I think Jefferson was one.) I am not that giving. The USA decided to balance the incentive to create against the public interest, so they decided to create a "paywall" in the form of patent and copyright protection (said protection having gone way, way overboard in the last 30 years, IMHO). I support this balance (and yes, I have given away much IP as well as charged for other IP I developed). I am perfectly willing to support those who work hard enough at something that they are willing to take a chance on the open market by charging for it. No one forces me to buy it, and like Austen Allred, I feel grateful for the opportunity. Pipes was awesome. But was there ever a credible strategy to monetize it? Does anyone on HN have any ideas? Reasonable question,seemingly phrased without ill intent. Do not understand downvote. Finally, an overview of the Bee Gees career that grasps the scope of their achievements while both understanding their music and remaining clear-eyed about their failures. Critics of the time tore them apart, seldom offering any worthwhile feedback at all, much less serious criticism. Not a big fan of armchair psychoanalysis normally but everything rings true to me. The notion of the group as something akin to aliens due to their isolated early years on the Isle of Man causes a lot of pieces of the puzzle to fall in place for me. We forget how truly isolated a place like the Isle of Man could be in postwar Britain. Missing is an appreciation of their outrageously gifted rhythm section, with Blue Weaver on keys, Dennis Byron on drums, and, apparently, Maurice on bass. The bass parts are so insanely in the pocket that it's a little hard for me to accept that it was Maurice, though he played many instruments well. Could it be there was an uncredited studio bassist playing these parts? I've never heard a peep to contrary and have always hoped it was Maurice. There was talk of their much younger brother Andy joining the group. He had a few hits in the mid to late 70s written by Barry but died of a drug overdose. before anything could come of it. The elder brothers' harmony style was complete and it is a little hard to imagine how he would have fit in. Don't understand the UI. Is anything other than Django represented? Why work if there's a guaranteed income? What happens when payouts exceed available money from taxpayers? Tried it, and learned to my chagrin that for my purposes the brand with the condescending ads and expensive consumables was still noticeably better, perhaps due to the pivoting head. Binned the Harry's, reluctantly. Please do not confuse censorship, which is governmental tampering with free speech, with private moderation of a free message board to whose terms of service you signed voluntarily. This trivializes real censorship issues, which are abundant. Would also love to see web2py. I wish so dearly they would allow ragged right text. As a guy who learns from examples, I find this to be just the kind of tutorial I've been looking for. Because I had a specific vision of how I could make things better for a well-defined group of people and because I am driven to create stuff. If all you are is vaguely interested you probably aren't ready yet. Looks fantastic, and available free on the web: http://www.htdp.org/2003-09-26/Book/curriculum.html Not addressed: that artificially low interest rates have a ruinous effect on savings, and therefore affect old people disproportionately. Almost never. My last package took 4.5 years Thank you for sharing. My heart is with you. Why don't you plan to marry? Population trends in developed countries are plummeting. As we grow wealthier we reproduce less. Europe is dying, as is Russia. The USA only keeps a bit above replenishment rate through immigration. Please post penuriously. Great attitude! Making these phone calls is like building up a muscle. It will become easier, I promise. And I think you'll be surprised at how pleasant many of them will be. My best to you. A lucid, enjoyable paper that allowed me to write a very fast B-Tree implementation in nascent ANSI C back in the day. Comer's books always struck just the right balance between scholarly completeness and clarity, at least to me. A lucid, enjoyable paper that allowed me to write a very fast B-Tree implementation in nascent ANSI C back in the day. Comer's books always struck just the right balance between scholarly completeness and clarity, at least to me. Not trying to sound like a stick in the mud, since my need for Javascript build systems is modest and currently satisfied by make (think Bootstrap, jquery, uglify). After all, dependency management is a deep problem. What is the primary advantage over make? I imagine it looks much easier to read for a novice than make, but there are probably much better reasons than this one. Our daughter is an accomplished web artist who works very, very hard on her panels, yet her "Frenchiest Fry" meme[1] became a massive Tumblr hit despite being dashed off in moments. You just never know. http://c4cti.tumblr.com/post/73237082913/sometimes-i-wake-up... I was going to write this post, but you did it better. I think for anyone to get substantially better than average they need not just to work effectively, but to self assess honestly and make regular course corrections. > I came to the conclusion that the future legal battles would just not be worth it. So, no. Wise decision, at least if you're Stateside. Government wants to preserve its monopoly on gambling. As a very fat guy, I felt very much the opposite. Context matters. The author was mocking himself and is a precise enough writer that we know the comment was in jest. And did I mention that I'm morbidly obese? At 300lbs I'm probably worth two Midwesterners, at least in gross tonnage and displacement. Firefox..fills up available RAM with page caches. Often, swapping these pages back in from disk can be slower than re-fetching from the Internet. WTF? I'm not a kernel guy and would like to know why this is. Very, very counterintuitive to me. Firefox..fills up available RAM with page caches. Often, swapping these pages back in from disk can be slower than re-fetching from the Internet. WTF? I'm not a kernel guy and would like to know why this is. Very, very counterintuitive to me. It couldn't happen to a nicer company. web2py is a batteries-included framework that has all of this and much more done for you, tested and proven over many years. Um... Dark market Um.. It says Black Market right on the tin. Man, I want to hear the answer to this question. I got screwed royally as an angel investor because I was too quick to write a check. Isn't this a textbook case for crowd sourcing? This is true. Why the downvotes? The article shortchanged Haxe a little by omitting mention of its vast, varied, and flexible runtime library. Exact same experience here. I too would like to understand why this happens. Am guessing the excuse on Windows would at one time have been the huge variety of supported video hardware, but that no longer seems to be the issue. And that's only a guess. Not sure if it's DirectX or whatever they call it, device drivers, application-level code, or what. These experiences have made me loyal to exactly zero video editor programs. I have never disparaged my competitors, but I'm a small fry. I can say that during four years at Microsoft (1996-2000, Development Tools group) I never heard the products of competitors disparaged that way. In fact, there was a weekly presentation of competing products and invariably the interest was in where we were lacking, not what was bad about them. Likewise when customers came to visit us at trade shows my boss would sit politely through their compliments, then immediately jump to the question "So what don't you like about our product?" Fast forward to today. I'm friends with top people at a Really Big Guitar Company and a Huge Amplifier company. Even in private, these C-level execs show nothing but respect for products of their competitors. They are not ashamed to own and even personally use said products (especially vintage ones). It seems to me that dissing your competitors even privately can make you dangerously blind to the challenges they pose to you, set a bad example for your employees, and also restrict your job prospects should you decide to work for a competitor one day. Groundwater is not exploitable as people see fit in Oregon. http://www.water-law.com/water-rights-articles/domestic-grou... edit: proper link > But like I said, we're all very different. Actually, I am indistinguishable from everybody else. A nice contribution to the browser-based editor world. I enjoyed perusing the source, which looks pretty clear. There's not much UI, which is perfect for me because I've been looking for a browser-based editor to study. Tried it on a 2,000 line text file and it caused Chrome 44 on Yosemite to time out close the tab. > Last I checked, two letter .com domains were pretty rare and valuable. That was last time you checked. Now they're extremely rare and astoundingly valuable. How Macklemore's (totally deserved) success was achieved as an "indie" effort. Spoiler alert: maybe not completely indie. http://raprehab.com/macklemores-indie-rise-is-simply-a-white... Props to you and parent poster. I'm with you both. And thanks for the pointer to Wren. I didn't know about it. I use one of the new, lighter iPads almost exclusively for reading programming books & documentation. My iPhone 6 is used for the same purposes when I'm waiting in traffic or in a line somewhere. Seems like a perfect match for Kickstarter, no? New to this stuff, but doesn't abc already cover this same ground? http://abcnotation.com/ So does your mom. Pretty sure this will get flagged, and I hate myself for it, but it will make sense when you review that post again. Not being funny, but no form of cardio makes me happy. I always feel way worse afterwards. I have never experienced any kind of endorphin high that I know of from exercise. Hilarious, and a good remedy for my surprisingly frequent nostalgia for Turbo Pascal. Not a bad approach at the uncanny valley. Reddit face swaps are about to get a lot more fun. Sarbanes-Oxley. It's been a disaster for IPOs. http://www.vox.com/2014/6/26/5837638/the-ipo-is-dying-marc-a... Not quite sure what to say, other than thank you for sharing. My heart goes out to you. . Not quite sure what to say, other than thank you for sharing. My heart goes out to you. . I understand both points of view but lean strongly toward why-el's. If there's one thing Java has taught us it's that "premature taxonomy" (love that term) can be a huge unnecessary tax on small to medium sized projects. Surprisingly, Michael Crichton's book "Timeline" is a gentle introduction to the state of the art in knowledge about the so-called dark ages, shattering many of the myths we learned about that era in school. The myth of the overburdened armor wearer is one of them. Crichton was a first-class researcher and his bibliographic commentary alone is worth the price of admission. Not writing everything to disk ASAP makes me... queasy... This is heartening. How do you deal with cross-browser differences, especially considering you're supporting older mobile devices? Galen relied on sense of smell for diagnosing illnesses. Aristotle wrote about it. Until the late 20th century doctors often used smell for diagnostics. Perfectly reasonable--the same thing RS would do (see: "Gnu/Linux"). Trademarks do not protect themselves. It takes a concerted effort by the trademark holder. Snap! I a very fat man who can do 45 pushups without stopping. The idea of going for 10 minutes is unfathomable to me. But more important, you really dropped that 10 minutes into perspective for me. Thank you. I'm getting weary of remotely piloted vehicles being called robots. Robots are autonomous by definition. IANAL and this is not legal advice, but trademark law doesn't favor you. In order to keep their trademark, they must defend it. Unlike patents, trademarks must be actively maintained. They owe you nothing for the domain name because they didn't ask you to register it. This version seems tethered to a power source and not self-contained with a battery. This is literally a dream come true for me. But the PayPal link doesn't work for the assembled version. Help! Duly ordered! I am beyond stoked. The reason I work for myself is that I figured out at an early age that no one cares about your job more than you do. I have been fired from plenty of jobs, so I made sure I had a nest egg as soon as possible. I also make it a point to train for my next job while I'm doing the current one. I have worked at some good jobs (Microsoft was life changing in a completely positive sense) but being so dependent on someone else seems for your livelihood never seemed like a sustainable proposition. What it says on the tin. A well-written tutorial perfect for those of us just learning about causal consistency. Examples are dead on. Well I'll be damned. Never thought of trying it. Thank you. More quotes for Chesterton are needed in this (literally) godforsaken place. Actually, more quotes from Chesterton are needed just about everywhere... They have a license for evaluation & noncommercial use. http://www.qnx.com/legal/licensing/non_commercial.html Downvoted? I thought atheism was A Good Thing with the HN hive mind. Is this possible because PV panels are more efficient now? Pump motors? In other words, why wasn't this done 40 years ago? Because so many on HN are so proud of their atheism. I'm not a conventional believer either. But my description happened to be factual, not an insult. Just what the doctor ordered. Thanks. Fantastic having illustrations for every point. Dear Liza: We're gobsmacked to find an actual female posting to Hacker News. Cool! It's nice to see the ladies posting about something other than makeup or boy problems. Could you let us know what your posting schedule for HN would be? And if you have any other friends with ovaries who know vim from vi could you get them posting regularly, preferably scantily clad or at least posting an occasional screen shot of their coding sessions to Pinterest in between Jimmy Choo haul videos? Please let me know your weekly schedule so we can send updates to everyone on Hacker News with a Y chromosome!! Your pals at HN Choice is a) seriously misfired joke. Was satirizing the Livecoding people. Feel free to ban, though. If HN is too delicate for satire I suspect I'm a bad fit. I am not reflexively anti-nuclear. However, I have never heard a satisfactory answer to the simple question: "How do we store nuclear waste safely?" A spreadsheet used like this is almost always a database in disguise, but it's way too easy to delete a row or cell by mistake. Also double-entry bookkeeping does not lend itself well to a spreadsheet model. And as others said: open source, version control, and extreme ease. For someone like me who types a lot and lives on the command line, it's infinitely quicker than firing up a spreadsheet program. JUCE is perfectly aligned with your requirements. JUCE is a very, very well-designed cross platform framework that was used very successfully in the development of Tracktion, a competitor with programs like ProTools and Garageband. The API is C++ based but carefully designed to shield you from the weirdness of C++; if you needed to create a cross platform app and learn C++ at the same time this would be the gentlest possible introduction. Jules, the creator and prime maintainer of JUCE, is indefatigable. I think maybe he's triplets, but nice triplets. He answers questions on the forum ( http://www.juce.com/forum ) at all hours and with extreme patience. There seems to be absolutely no difference between the way he treats casual users vs. enterprise customers on the forum. JUCE can be used to develop audio plugins, synthesizer programs, etc., but is also a complete framework for GUI apps that have nothing to do with audio. It has canvas drawing, 3D support, and forms support. There's a ton of documentation on the site and the source code is a dream to read. If you were creating an API for something you would be well served to see how Jules did it. I rank JUCE with web2py as one of the two most comprehensive, ridiculously underrated open source products I've encountered. When I worked for other people I had great success by cold-calling firms that interested me and that I felt could use my skills. They didn't always have job listings but they liked my genuine interest in their products. Right now none of these countries is breaking even. They are paying these cost through deficit spending--borrowing from the very children they are asking their neighbors to pay for. I assume then that you work for no pay, give away everything you create, and make no errors at all. It writes new code in the Java runtime and can therefore improve its own capabilities. It's more like a Webview app that could add features to the Webview binary itself. Webview apps cannot have self-modifying code. userbinator's example does not conform to the API, which writes to a file (and on some platforms, uses best practices to write atomically and check for errors to boot). I took a stab at it elsewhere. Here's something more appropriate (air coded, modulo my iPhone's spell corrector) section .text global _start _start: ; Write the ‘1’ to a file mov eax, 4 ; sys_write mov edx, 1 ; # of bytes to write mov ecx, ‘1’ ; Means light should be on mov ebx, file_open ; File descriptor mov eax, 4 ; Call to sys_write int 0x80 ; Call kernel to write file ; Close file move eax, 6 mov mov ebx, int 0x80 ; Call kernel to close file ; Quit to OS move eax, 1 ; SYS_EXIT int 0x80 ; Call kernel to exit to OS section.data filename db ‘/sys/class/leds/beaglebone:green:usr0/brightness’,0 len equ $-filename section .bss file_open resb 1 state db ‘1’ Other comments indicate you wrote for the New York Times. I'd sure buy your book, or contribute to a Kickstarter for it. The Times stories and themes are copied slavishly by virtually all American news outlets. To vamp a little on vonnik's thread. Try this thought experiment. What would the Times say about you and your job if they wanted to dig up a scandal? Your taxes? Could a reporter truly understand the technical aspects of your job with a 15 minute interview where they are as interested in getting viewers as they are in understanding what you do? Then why do you think the Times can cover equally complex entities properly, like the military or largish businesses? How can they understand what a cop does on a day to day basis without long-term embedded coverage? When's the last time you heard political reportage not about the actual issues, but about what that media organization's polls say what people think about the actual issues? Or: visit a country or state or city you know nothing about. Hang around with the locals and listen to what's important to them. Now imagine how the Times would cover it. I know the media seem to have absolutely zero knowledge about the daily life of Chinese citizens, even when reporting from China. I only know because I have family there, and they're cogent, smart people. But it took me 15 years before I felt I could discuss China fairly. How would the Times cover the local mining community? How many kids are in 4H in the USA? A lot more than the Times thinks, I bet. How much coverage do they get? How many Girl Scouts are there in the country? How many people donate massive amounts of time to their favorite causes and get a ton out of it? Why don't we hear when local church groups scrape together 5 semis worth of food for people in Haiti? Why don't we hear how effectively Joplin rebuilt itself after the hurricane with very, very little Federal help? Turn the tables. What if you had to report on the job of a reporter for an hour. Could you report about that competently by midnight deadline? What if you were given a story about the last fight your best friend had with his or her spouse/life partner. Could you cover it fairly in 250 words with a linkbait title? People get to invest in Amazon voluntarily. Taxpayers do not have a choice. Our national debt comes out to about $150,000 per payer of federal taxes (almost 50% of wage earners do not pay federal taxes), which means we are burdening our children with this debt. They too are forced to pay for our choices. Investors in Amazon are not requiring their neighbors or descendants to participate. The simplest way to create a website is just HTML and CSS, right? You can type that shit up on your desktop, post it to a server, and voilà--website! Advantages: fastest possible performance and way less surface area for attacks. Suppose you decide to add a footer to every page. If you're not a wiz at sed and command-line scripting you'll have a big chore ahead of you. Plus you might forget some pages. Plus logging into FileZilla or using SSH in order to post the files can be dreary and time-consuming. If you're putting up a catalog or other site derived from a database, you have a whole other set of problems. Now you really want to automate. You could write this in Symfony or web2py or Django an put it on your server. If people go to yoursite.com/catalog/flashlights it's actually running a file called, say, flashlights.php that dynamically queries the database and creates HTML on the fly with a list of the flashlights category in your catalog. Advantage: it's always up to date. Disadvantage: Slower (every visit to yoursite.com/catalog/flashlights results in a database hit) and much broader attack surface. BTW that's a little bit of a simplification. You can cache the results of the visit to yoursite.com/catalog/flashlights as an HTML file at the cost of added complexity. A dynamic, data-driven site like that can sometimes be intercepted via evil methods such as a browser-issued SQL query or CSS injection (probably not with web2py because it's got great security, but you get my point). Dynamically generated sites, which is most of the big ones, are particularly vulnerable because of the database. Database managers are big and complex. OK, so imagine you have a program written in Python or C or Java or whatever on your desktop. It can easily be modified to add footers or render HTML files from a database, then post the pages to your server. Advantage: pre rendered HTML files are fast and way less likely to get hacked. Disadvantage: could be less up to date. The catalog database may be updated and the rendered HTML may lag. If you really want to get fancy you can have the program running on the server. It goes through your database and templates to create each page of the site, but instead of creating dynamic pages that run PHP or Python in order to render a web page, it creates spits out straight HTML (aka "static HTML") with the contents once a day or whatever. Now a visit to yoursite.com/catalog/flashlights actually resolves to yoursite.com/catalog/flashlights.html. In theory static site generators are easier to understand and get started with. That's not always true, but it is true that page renders are invariably faster because it's just pure HTML and not database queries are needed. I have a "lifestyle business" that has left me with a paid-for house and paid-for office. No external investors, no debt. My office is actually a house in the same neighborhood. I completely believe in my product. Before this I worked at Microsoft for 4 years. It was a wonderful experience. The people were crazy smart and fun to work with. Best working period of my life. I was on the Visual Basic team. Like any Microsoft product, VB had tens of thousands of bugs that went unfixed. This was the right choice for stockholders, a group that includes pension funds, which literally means widows and orphans number among the stockholders. We knew from experience that most customers won't buy a product that consists solely of bug fixes. So the backlog stayed until those bugs were declared not showstoppers--and therefore the product was deemed as having zero bugs. It was the right choice for Microsoft. It was the right choice for the stockholders. It was probably the right choice for customers, because most of them were in the enterprise. Their department budgets are easier to justify when a product update requires lots of new headcount and training expenses. Consultants, ditto. It just wasn't the right choice for me. I bailed, started a business, and have done just fine since then. Not saying this is the choice you should make, but I do sleep better at night. There will never be a "liquidity event" and my business is down quite a bit from its peak, but I will never worry that I have just hidden a viper's nest of bugs under my release schedule. Surprisingly, there isn’t even a good map of the Internet’s highways and byways From a security perspective, that may be a feature. I'm torn. If it were my family member who died I would feel different, but your logic about people not panicking is compelling. However, these feel like probes for a long term project in which an attack on multiple fronts is coordinated after the softest parts of the underbelly have been precisely determined. I'd like to say something more useful here, but... Holy shit. And congrats to Vanity Fair, of all places,for committing actual journalism. Plus depreciaton on equipment. While the drives are probably long gone over 5 years, it's possible the racks could survive much longer. Um, no. A paintball weighs about 3 grams [1]. [1] http://www.dtic.mil/dtic/tr/fulltext/u2/a473706.pdf You are correct. The Constitution is there precisely to allow you, and people who disagree with you, your opinions. It is bizarre and alarming that anyone is questioning the right to free speech on taxpayer-funded land. My wife often observes that I lack a supersize brain. I'm for this in principle, but I have absolutely no assurance that this is the number it's claimed to be. I would not like to be part of a vigilante attack on someone who turned out the wrong person. Far fewer babies die at birth and our life expectancy is, what, twice what it was historically? The cost for ignoring the city is punishing: a 5 percent penalty on "taxes owed" after one month, 20 percent after four months and, upon failure to remit, collection fees up to 39 percent What if we replaced "the city" with "loan shark"? Because it's better to disrupt yourself than have someone else do it. It turns out that most work is hard,period. Try being a single mom working at Wal-Mart and tell me how tough it is to do PowerPoints in a noisy Starbucks. Amazon Fire 7" can be bought at 5 * $50 with 1 free so $44 each with good quality and warranty terms. However, the tone here is a little patronising if another bidder was just trying to get enough to cover the rent. Didn't seem the slightest patronizing to me. Brendan just seemed delighted that he could help out. I love that. More important, any bidder in any circumstance can be outbid by someone else and lose rent money in the process, right? To dictate any other outcome would require a depth of knowledge about the market and its bidders that no one party could possibly acquire reliably. One reason I love frameworks is support of older devices. If I write in Bootstrap, I know exactly what level of support I can expect. It helps when I don't have older Android or iOS devices to test on. Although titled “Edison’s Telephonoscope” it is not, in fact, a creation of Thomas Edison’s at all (either realised or proposed) but rather an imagining by Maurier... Can't quite absolve Edison of guilt here. Maurier might have been repeating a rumor from the great man himself. Edison was a master of FUD, claiming that he had things like 3D movies with sound running in the labs and predicting their imminent release, just to keep his competitors off guard. Didn't these used to be called tenements? Not trying to be snarky. Just shows a Chanel ad for me (iPad mini 2) They allowed me in with an American passport! I just wanted to look at their secular music books 1500-1800. Sure. Now ask yourself where you'd rather invest in property: in the USA, Russia, China. If you answer "China", "Russia", or "It doesn't matter", you're also in denial. Because the current real estate bubble is being driven largely by foreign nationals who are putting their money where their freedom is, and they are not choosing Russia or China. The article is well worth reading. It makes some truly provocative points, but in real life we have to choose between unpleasant options, not an unattainable theoretical place and unpleasant options. AnimalMuppet tied a ribbon around my somewhat unfocused answer! Thank you, AnimalMuppet. Mobile phone limitations kept me from adding the desperately needed context. Yes. Also Vancouver & Northern Cal. Have Chinese family & am involved in a fair amount of real estate. For reasons I don't quite understand, real estate people are too polite to say that the vast majority of cash transactions in some areas such as Vancouver, Seattle, and Silicon Valley are from China (and Russian in other areas). You know what's not surprisingly complex? My feeling about how screwed I felt when I got the Macbook and its charger consisted only of straight-to-plug wall wart, power cord to Mac, as opposed to cord-to-wall-wart, wall wart, power cord to Mac. They halved the length of the cord while forcing you to stick your wall wart right into the socket, crowding out other cords if it's on a small power strip. That and the fact that it's not MagSafe anymore. Don't understand the title--article is not in first person Yes. It's the MacBook Air-like fanless one [1] with only 2 ports: headphone and USB-C. And half a power cable. And no MagSafe. Did I mention I'm a little bitter? [1] http://www.apple.com/macbook/ You're smart not to work there. Lousy place for someone who wants a decent wage and a 40-hour week. As for their ignoring your problem... I'm afraid I might do it too. This comes from a formerly idealistic person. If they admit to a problem, they open themselves up to lawsuits. I have been sued before and I learned that telling the truth was not in my favor. Feel a little bad to admit this, but there you are. Wow, thanks. That brought a whole bunch of client vs server issues into focus for me. Thank you. I didn't even realize there was a video :-O The embedded TI MSP430 microcontroller can easily be had for $.15 in quantity 1 compares to the original Mac's 68K, but using 1% of the power of the 68K. From the article: The 68000 microprocessor from the original Apple Macintosh and the 430 microcontroller in the charger aren't directly comparable as they have very different designs and instruction sets. But for a rough comparison, the 68000 is a 16/32 bit processor running at 7.8MHz, while the MSP430 is a 16 bit processor running at 16MHz. The Dhrystone benchmark measures 1.4 MIPS (million instructions per second) for the 68000 and much higher performance of 4.6 MIPS for the MSP430. The MSP430 is designed for low power consumption, using about 1% of the power of the 68000. I have all models of the Air. Love it, but the fan goes on randomly and drives me nuts. I worked with Tim Paterson (creator of MS-DOS) when I worked on the Visual Basic team at Microsoft. When he worked on code generation he just read hex dumps, not disassembly, because it was faster for him. Well there are two ringing endorsements, sort of. Huge bummer to hear that. Was the exact opposite of that for my 1996-2000 tenure. Many decks used UNIX, many PMs used Macs--it was encouraged so you'd know the competition, whom they respected. Worth reading to the end. So much tragedy is elided. Only one lawyer seemed to understand the question or take it seriously(answer: not legal under California tenant law but the deceased lack rights). 32-bit instruction set was much bigger with many more addressing modes In my option it's quite close to perfect. I do dev work using Go, JS, and markup so speed is not a problem at all--if you're doing heavy compiler work YMMV. The fanless thing is incredibly important to me. I find the new keyboard harder to use than that of the Macbook Air, but I'm sure I'll adapt. I'm not creating music on it so the lack of a USB 2 connector doesn't matter to me. I have to admit just the USB C and the headphone cord are plenty. Its slimness and lightness are also important to me. My inviolate rule is that the more portable a laptop is, the more I'm likely to carry it with me to do extra work. Wall wart & magsafe issues are not deal killers for me. I'd recommend it if it fits your requirements exactly, as it did mine. Otherwise, I'd go with a high spec MacBook Air, because they're faster and, with the extra USB port, more practical for many uses. Actual output can be seen in video starting here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BdgwO_i5p54&feature=youtu.be... Also... it's just amazing that a college lab can afford to fabricate these prototypes. According to the article the researchers think they'll be able to achieve a 5m range. Seems like the possibilities for many other kinds of microsensors like these are endless. A few other tips: * If it's on YouTube, you can get an automatic transcription. That's not the best; you can use something like https://speechtotextservice.com/ (no relationship with them). Or hire someone on fiverr. Having searchable text is good for SEO but, more important, for visually impaired users. * Though OP sort of poo-poos cool intros, brief ones (the best kind) can be done very cheaply on fiverr (again, no relationship) and help keep viewers awake and are simple to reuse. * Watermarks are good if it has genuine editorial use, as should be the case, because it makes theft harder. Good writeup. What is a checked downcast? Please add 2012 to title I was a little surprised that the author was able to manage both C11 and the preprocessor in that time. The preprocessor is hard. But there was existing code from a previous version of it, which makes sense. Still, a fantastic achievement! Congrats to the author! Luckily you can see the history on Git. Luckily you can see the history on Git. Well... easier than the compiler but very hard to do the last 20% (I never had the time; hobby project) because docs are so hard to find. Or at least were--maybe that's changed. My wife is Chinese and was raised by academics. I have asked her over the years what pejorative words they used for white people or Americans, especially in propaganda. Unfortunately she is so sheltered and nerdy, and her parents so genteel, that the best she could come up with was "ghost" or "Yankee". It is a lousy business for Apple, but they can probably a minimum fee of much less than 25 cents. Reads like it was written by a distracted fiverr scribe moments before deadline. Why is TechCrunch allowing this kind of drivel--is this some kind of sandboxed area for unedited user submissions, maybe? Well reasoned. I still cannot understand how the court chose to ignore the unusually clear precedent of Lotus v. Borland. That took some contortions. You're a little off on the franchisee thing. Franchisees are not required to accept price suggestions from corporate. That's why the $5 promos are always accompanied by the "valid only at participating stores" fine print. Very, very dangerous things happen when you allow the state to determine what fair means to whom. Weirdly, he does not compare its sound to that of the cloned pedal her refers to (Tube Screamer and its close relatives). I agree! I wanted something juicer... In the USA that is already the case. A picture of a public domain image, no matter how much difficulty there was taking it, is still considered public domain. Pretty neat idea--they embedded metadata in images then saw how they were stripped out by a large number of sites. Google+ kept the most. Facebook stripped out the most. Most sides made EXIF data inaccessible; not sure why this is but I'm not an expert. Not sure if kidding but logic is inescapable! Generous of you. What about the effect on pension funds that hold this now worthless stock? Grants to employees? The thousands of job losses? Amazed at the stability. Is it typical for drones of this caliber? I would think weather would have knocked them off course at the very least. Agreed. Wasn't sure how to interpret... Docs are a model of their kind. Uses the HTML5 history API, for better or for worse. Code is documented well, examples are straightforward, and BTW it runs like a bat out of hell, as advertised. As recently illustrated [1], there is no more penalty from Google. Its crawlers now read single-page apps as well as HTML. [1] http://searchengineland.com/tested-googlebot-crawls-javascri... Found that at Microsoft, too (disclaimer: that was 2 decades ago). Finding good testers at all, no matter how popular your product, is just plain hard. Standard usability testing is somewhat easier. You just put them in a box, ask them to follow some instructions and to explain their thought processes as they fumble through your brilliantly designed product, and sweat blood as they invariably do things you wouldn't dream they'd do in a billion years. Then you pay them. A lot--I find it hard to spend less than $100/tester here in the Seattle area. The item clearly depicted at 3:10 in the video [1] seems to be a 15" MacBook Air, which looks like it'll be shown at WWDC '16 [2]. I wouldn't kick this thing out of my workstation, that's for sure. [1] http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/inside-apple-part-one/ [2] http://www.macrumors.com/2015/11/30/thinner-macbook-air-13-1... Was strangely out of kilter to me as well, for the reasons you mention. What if URLs were immutable? What if once content was posted to a URL (maybe a new kind of URL, the immutable IURL) it could never be changed? The contents of the site and the URL itself would be hashed together and out would come a key that could never be altered. Not even the theme and styling of the page could be rebranded. It would be frozen like Han Solo at the end of Empire Strikes Back An interesting concept, and I think fatally flawed. There is a simple question of plumbing. Who'd pay for the kind of infrastructure required to make that happen? How would it be backward compatible with existing URLs? Far more important would be issues of identity and freedom. They are related to Facebook's awkward handling of gender and name identities. What if you posted something embarrassing, libelous, or injurious to your professional career? What if you became a "new person" through a religious transformation, witness protection, or some other kind of powerful ideological repositioning (think conversion to or from ISIS, for example)? What if you want to become anonymous, or link yourself to a formerly anonymous publication after the fact? It seems to me that freedom consists not just of being how you wish to be defined, but control over how you wish to be undefined. ...because in his former shop, he had to carry a whopping 200 books! How is it server-less? Seems like the Amazon products you're using are, uh, running on servers? Not trying to be snide, just trying to understand what you mean by serverless. Thanks. Wasn't trying to be argumentative, just wanted clarity. I'll be darned. It's still there in OSX. It's actually nice because if I have a lot of terminal windows open I can send a reminder to myself in all of them quickly. Fantastic point! Never thought about it that way! We explain it away by saying it's "instinctive" behavior, which only kicks the can down the road. Lots of goodies here. Shows how to write a sort of Pythonic little language with code generation for LLVM--and I love that it's from the LLVM krewe--but doesn't skimp on things like an AST. It does rely on globals, sadly, but for those of us who like compiler writing texts in plain language, it's a keeper. She's the person who tweeted “Going to Africa. Hope I don’t get AIDS. Just kidding. I’m white!” From the author of the article: I began to suspect that it wasn’t racist but a reflexive critique of white privilege — on our tendency to naïvely imagine ourselves immune from life’s horrors. Yes. I make Sacco's kind of joke all the time (in private), and it's also meant to be a comment on racism itself. This kind of joke was common in the late 70s and early 80s (see movies like "Blazing Saddles" or Richard Pryor's "Live on Sunset Strip". In those days anyone was allowed to satirize racism that way, black or white. I think it was healthy, because it robbed racism of its power, sort of like saying Voldemort's name. Now... not such much. ...but why? I guess hit counters were cool in 1993 but Github has much more meaningful data there on display already: forks, stars, PRs, etc. Not sure how hit counters help? Looks like I have to play bad cop here. I appreciate the openness, but as a potential customer... not so much. Because while sentences like this are kind of inspiring: Instead, let’s give ourselves permission to fail. ... And you know what? It’s okay if we’re not. If Keen busts, we’ll all find new grand adventures. As a (no longer) potential customer, they clash harshly with this one: In last week’s outage, we had our first major data loss in over 12 months. Because you know what? When I trust you with my money and my company's data, I don't want those precious assets to be with someone who's been given permission to fail. I really do want it to be someone who tells the troops this: "Let’s double-down, work through the weekend, push through the issues, get ‘er done, rally!" The issue to me is public declarations vs private thoughts. There is absolutely nothing wrong with waking up covered in flop sweat, wondering if you're destroyed your business and the job situations of people you genuinely like and appreciate. However, I've found that a good part of leadership is, in fact, shutting the hell up when "routine" bad things are happening because too much openness can stress out employees. By "routine" I mean pretty much anything other than the certain death of the company, at which time they deserve reasonably early notice). Love the evenhanded answer, Michelle. And I can't tell you how similar I used to be in that regard. I believed stoutly in a sort of open source management approach and promised myself when I was a youth I would do precisely as you are doing. Over the years I have found it to be suboptimal. Thousands of years' worth of management theory turn out to be a useful precedent. But--and I mean this sincerely--I hope it works for you. Would be a better world, I think, if your way worked best. Tech Coast Angels are the real deal, but reality is not on your side. It's like living in Mountain View and asking why you don't have you pick of mobile lighting crews or craft services. All the bad things people are saying/ implying about the new MacBook are completely right! But the truth is, I wouldn't trade mine for anything, because I love the fact that it's incredibly light and does not have a fan. I have many, many, MacBook Airs and mac pros, but the MacBook Air has always seemed to have a problem with the fan going on at random. Now that there's no fan, I'm a very happy developer. Had a black (Centurion) card for years. Was underwhelmed. They did very little extra, and even botched the one important assignment I gave them (front row seats to a concert they sponsored). Given that the black card costs $10k/year, Magic starts to look acceptable. Fascinating glimpse into the state of the art in open access publishing, which only a few years ago was thought of as the academic equivalent of a vanity press. Seems very clear that with acceptance increasing so rapidly in academia, traditional publishers are looking like draft horse breeders c. 1909. Boy, this is golden. Just the ticket for a reluctant devops noobster like me. Bonus for explaining wheel in *nix. One for me, one for my wife Preach it, brother. That would get this former Microsoftie back to the fold. Wow. I looked it over after reading your comment. Very impressive. Manual still easy to find in PDF: http://www.roug.org/soren/6809/basic09.pdf For me, this is the most important bookmark of the year. Dropping back into C after using pre C11 it is tailor made for me. Covers all the areas I needed: Correct non-K&R datatypes, new formatting options, best practices on arrays. Awesome. Imagine the press coverage if this had happened under the previous administration. No clue why this showed up on HN but it's welcome. Most HN readers probably know Baryshnikov, a titanically gifted dancer who defected from the then-Soviet Union in the 1970s. Soviet ballet was matchless technically but hidebound. He was a free thinker, so, yeah... that didn't work. He flourished in the West. I think he's also an underrated actor, administrator (hey, that means a lot in the art world) and choreographer. This dance is about his friendship with Joseph Brodsky. Brodsky was a poet with something of the same background, also a Soviet defector. To my mind he is one of the greatest poets in English of the 20th century; like Nabokov he was extraordinarily gifted in more than one language. He in his mid 50s about 20 years ago. I imagine this is one of the more interesting of Baryshnikov's works because they seemed like two birds of a feather. I miss Brodsky terribly and I didn't even know him. Baryshnikov at 67 probably has some dance magic left in him for this performance. Thing about Baryshnikov was that he was so good, you didn't have to like ballet to be floored by his performances. Some people don't like museums. I think that's largely because they haven't been to a great one, like the Met in New York or the Louvre. The second-raters (like everything in Los Angeles, for example, and I say this as a proud former Angeleno, actually are boring. Misha was like that in ballet. I don't watch ballet anymore either, because I haven't seen anyone else like him in his prime. Source: Not a ballet fan before, or after, Baryshinikov at his best Pray explain further? Notes with iCloud backup has been incredibly handy to me. I have notes going back to 2007. iCloud seems to have difficulty backing up a database with so many notes, but it's been way better than nothing. (Gmail doesn't work on my iPhone, maybe because it's such an old account? But logging in never worked on my primary Gmail account.) That would be fantabulous. Because Notes has been so reliable I've been afraid to ask for more features, but you're right, the tools are already there. Would love to be able to add arrows and caption photos. Not trying to be snarky... but what's that got to do with the topic? Can someone ELI5 why TrendMicro would do this? Sincerely--I don't know what they get out of it, unless they're bad guys. Not trying to be snarky here. Thanks for the explanation, and... Sometimes the right answer to "how do I" is "don't". Beautifully put. Missed that, thanks. Got downvoted anyway... No. Totally vanilla configuration. The blog is called pricenomics but they don't address who owns the rights to her music? I'm guessing the surviving brother Phil but it would be fun to know who benefits. Apart from the obvious clickbaity fearmongering, I'm doubtful this will ever be a huge problem. If you've ever played with 3D printing, you come away with a profound respect for the quality of finished manufactured goods these days. A McDonald's toy is the result of hundreds of thousands of dollars in injection mold costs, 3D designers, 2D designers, and a nontrivial logistics chain. Sure, you can 3D print rocket parts--with a printer that costs millions and takes several people just to maintain, let alone things like the cost of consumables. Manufacturing real goods involves a shitload of toxic substances, compliance to arcane local, state, and federal guidelines, a ton of tools, and a vast set of roles we don't normally think about. Painting details by hand, trimming off the flash and so on just isn't going to happen within the next few decades. (Definitely later, when robots are a few orders of magnitude smarter.) Sure, I can 3D print a toy flute or a napkin holder, but real flute mechanisms are a bitch. Any serious flute player will happily pay for it to work right every time. Why are shell scripts yuckworthy? 32 years so far, and I'm just as excited using web2py and Python as I was writing 6502 assembly in the 80s and writing compilers in the 90s. Been in jail, beaten up, fired from dream jobs, seen plenty of friends die. Get jaded? I'm totally stoked to be above ground. Scary! A free market baked into the law! It looks very much worth a try to me. Couldn't find anything about database bindings in the docs. OK, that was handled very quickly on gitter! Just use something like knex.js, duh. Surprising how many comments are of the "why bother" variety as opposed to critiques of Imba itself. Again... No thought of how all this gets paid for? My kids are so beautiful I often suggest their real father was the UPS guy. Domgoulet would get this, parent poster maybe not so much. Killer analysis. Love the research and context. A heaving, throbbing, contradictory, twisted mass of local, state, and government regulations make modular housing like you describe a pipe dream in the USA. he accidentally spilled a urinal filled with liquid all over me while I was bed-ridden in an ICU. [0] [1] Well that's a horrible experience. I too am quite surprised the sterile urine legend lives on. I hope this catches on. Just the right level of abstraction. Easy to learn, yet feature rich. I like it because it gives the journalists a vocabulary and a firm sense of what can be done, even if it ends up being assigned to someone else for implementation. Henchpeople, you rank sexist 3 would be to avoid stalkers SNAP! * * There goes what little karma I had Also, I have found that destinations punish you for not booking on their site. Want to cancel that hotel reservation less than 24 hours before you were supposed to check in? Sorry, we "don't have enough information" because you booked with an aggregator site. Free checked in luggage? That's only if you book with us. Write a book! I'd buy it, anyway. I'm probably your political opposite but you're speaking the truth, brother. I paid $25 around 1993 but I sure got my money's worth and then some--so tonight I kicked in another $38 gratefully. Ah, isn't this just... an option? Have the exact same machine, disagree with about 60% of the post, and still love it. It's clearly not a "versatile" machine. The lack of ports makes this fact, not opinion. I do not experience the long battery life others report. Don't know why. Most of my work is web dev. I hate the keyboard. The reason I love it is that it's fanless, has a good screen, and is incredibly portable--more so even than the 11" MacBook Air it replaced. Love the Model F keyboard. If I could make my MacBook 1" thick and 2 lbs heavier in exchange for the Model F key feel, I'd do it. This machine's keyboard is probably shown in Wikipedia as the anti-Model F exemplar. Huge fan of Brendan, but this did not really address parent's point--which I think is valid, and unanswered. Most people don't use Greasemonkey-propelled solutions. I wonder if the answer is that highly targeted ads tend to work. When I'm on the guitar subreddit it'd be fine for me to see ads from Fender. And part of what I seek when I read a guitar magazine is ads, because they alert me to things that I sometimes don't find out about any other way. I also like the idea of paying to block ads that aren't relevant to me. I believe in a free market and totally understand that things have to be paid for. Sometimes ads are the answer, but I find many of the interstitials to be irrelevant and sometimes they slow the site down unacceptably. Would be willing to pay for this experience not to happen. Huge fan of Brendan, but this did not really address parent's point--which I think is valid, and unanswered. Most people don't use Greasemonkey-propelled solutions. I wonder if the answer is that highly targeted ads tend to work. When I'm on the guitar subreddit it'd be fine for me to see ads from Fender. And part of what I seek when I read a guitar magazine is ads, because they alert me to things that I sometimes don't find out about any other way. I also like the idea of paying to block ads that aren't relevant to me. I believe in a free market and totally understand that things have to be paid for. Sometimes ads are the answer, but I find many of the interstitials to be irrelevant and sometimes they slow the site down unacceptably. Would be willing to pay for this experience not to happen. > If you can JS, you can SQL Reactive SQL in the Meteor style is tricky because who has time to reverse engineer DDA, and rolling it yourself would mean guaranteeing that you ended up doing it not the Meteor way. Might have been different if they had chosen to embrace SQL, instead of just putting it on the roadmap and letting it rot. "Enough, no more ads" == "Enough, no free speech" So no ads for Greenpeace? Your favorite political party? Your favorite union? Your favorite website? This is the ultimate problem with 'trickle down' economics. What economists/politicians promote something called "trickle down" economics? This is why you have the seemingly incongruous effect of high taxes encouraging growth and low taxes stifling it. Reference, please? What a crazy notion. Instead of spending their energy campaigning against a high-performance, free SCC and publishing platform, a team of capable programmers... came up with programmatic solutions to their problems! Who'd've thunk developers could kick ass instead of just chewing bubblegum (and posting complaints)? Lovely post, thanks. Makes a good case for it being a support bot but the grammar and syntax seem distinctly offsite call center-esque. Bigger issue is that even though OP is a paying customer support is terrible quality. I pay for some Google cloud services and it is very clear that they don't deeply value small shops. Can't say much other than thank you for sharing. What a powerful story. Heart goes out to you. My contact info is in my profile. Please use it. Made me cry. Much of it rang true. Story has similarities except about 1/5th as traumatic and am a white dude who grew up here. Have done well financially but have a compromised home situation traceable to some of the same causes. it's all about luck Bullshit. Luck sure goes a long way, but so do working very, very hard and smart and making course corrections and constantly doing things people say will fail. Nailed it. Source: have successful self-made career and Asian family. Ambition != working hard and smart Spoken like a critic. Not a producer. I know lots and lots of smart people who know how to criticize but not to create. Apparently a million is insufficient to teach that the plural is syllabi. Edit: user whyenot illustrated what I should have investigated myself, which is that "syllabuses" is totally fine. Ouch! Downvotes richly deserved! Nothing to do with virtue. I have seen bad people succeed with the same techniques. Please read more carefully before you make irrelevant remarks. This does not serve you well. Touché! Snark retracted. Thanks for the correction. Stunning that Bill Joy ever thought interpreted Java could be faster than C++. I thought he knew more than that... I've been looking for some kind of trip planner for a 3 week road trip going from Memphis to the Florida keys. Thought this might help but apparently all it does is outsource everything to strangers. Not helpful at all. Kindly explain the downvotes? I have nothing against Java. But C++ has direct control over memory and/or memory allocators, the option of allocating things on the stack, no garbage collection, etc. Yep. Grew up insecure & not rich. Now own my own house outright, work for myself, and can afford our exceptionally high medical insurance. Am much, much happier knowing the house is mine and that I can afford to repair it. Unlike my family as I grew up, we don't have to leave pots under holes in the sealing for years at a time because we can't afford roof repair. Am much happier knowing I can't be fired by a stupid boss. Money has made me much happier. You can't really economically disincentivize addicts from seeking a fix; that's basically definitional. Not sure I agree. Seems like we cut down smoking drastically in the USA through heavy taxation? Not an expert in that area, however. Money comes from taxpayers. What if a majority of taxpayers decide they'd rather not work? I can't see how. The government has no money if its own. It depends on taxes. Currently about 47% of working citizens pay no federal income tax at all. I like the idea of basic income, but I cannot fathom where the money comes from. I'm all for destroying my many, many worn-out fat cells. Many. Correct. Cash real estate purchases by Chinese nationals will continue to dwarf those of Silicon Valley employees. Because it's well tested for cross browser support on many, many variations of browsers and operating systems. Appears that the list of requirements is inexplicably missing "Free world-class hosting and staggering amounts of bandwidth provided absolutely free" or did I miss that bullet point? Curasa has one for $200 that I've used for a year so far Whoa. Care to tell that story or link to it? For years the Western world dreamed about a universal tongue. It's here now, and it's English. Every complaint in the article is correct, but ask yourself this: if you had to choose between English and nothing, which would you choose? To quote Glenn Reynolds, "I'll believe there's a crisis with the people who say there's a crisis act like there's a crisis." These are the people who lecture about sustainability but fly 1500 private jets into Davos in the age of Skype. Never hear a voice. It just goes directly to symbols/images in my head. Exception when learning something difficult, at which time I slow down to words. What's a PHB attack? Lots of good stuff there, thanks. But not finding anything addressing formal, repeatable test suites. One can assume those things, but should one? So many problems come to mind. For example, you can overtrain neural nets. How do they avoid that problem? Do they have tests that do so? Or driving on the other side of the road, as in Britain vs. United States. We all know simulations are by definition not the real thing. I think that would be a great way to get 95% of your testing done. It's the other 5% that haunts me. They were saying that 30 years ago OTOH the best way to make anyone, and I mean anyone, in LA happy is to ask them how their screenplay is going. OTOH the best way to make anyone, and I mean anyone, in LA happy is to ask them how their screenplay is going. Remarkably satisfying treatise. Thank you very much. Please don't tell me that ENIAC support is next on the chopping block. Who is "dismantling" unions? How are they doing so? Just wait until you're 50 if you want to see elephants How is it the new COBOL? Agreed. Somehow I thought you meant C# :0 You made the right choice. I have talked to lots of people who worked at Apple in the early days, including some key people from the first dozen or so employees. I never met anyone who said it was enjoyable working with Jobs. (Lots of people said they grew a lot, learned a lot, and so on, but never anything along the lines of "I felt great going in to work every day". For those reasons I went to Microsoft. And you know what? I felt great going into work every day. That's way more important than a billion dollars. Also, I'm a somewhat high net worth individual (nothing remotely in the Steve Jobs range). I'm lucky to be where I am, but the price of being a billionaire seems much too high for me. You appear to be at peace with your decision. It is a much deserved peace. Cannot believe I missed this wonderful reply. For those who don't know, the VBX interface is one of the most successful component models in the history of computing. Growing pains != to failure. Snap! These used to be called tenements. I believe they're looking in the wrong place for villains. The poverty industrial complex that starts right in the walls of the federal government is a great place to start. Why not just cut checks to the needy? The government burns up at least half of it in bureaucracy. Ditto. I hate when that happens, so upvoted as well You do know Che was a mass murderer who thought blacks and gays needed to be extinguished, right? It's based on Oberon! Woo hoo! Do you have a problem with it? Haxe is one of the best kept secrets of the programming world. Created by none other than the author of curl, it's A C-ish, javascripty, but strictly typed language with almost infinite portability. It "compiles" to many different target languages, from PHP to Java to Python to C++ and more. It's fast, has a beefy standard library, well-documented system interfaces, and just feels fun. A remarkable accomplishment. Thanks for the authorship correction! Sorry, Daniel Stenberg, you complete stud! The free 225-page book referenced in the blog post ( https://www.oapen.org/search?identifier=606213 ) is, of course, well written and scrumptiously designed. Painful to read. Sorry that happened to you. Feels... icky to me. Decadent. And Burning Man ain't exactly Mayberry, to be sure. I don't understand why one can't run a vegan establishment while still being an omnivore... What am I missing? 30 year vegetarian here Ok thanks Super helpful explanation & context. Thank you What a relief! Thanks for scratching that itch. Also turns out to be good code organization, but I needed that post to boot me up. Visual Basic 3.0 Any version of Turbo Pascal or Delphi. dBase II. I must have done it wrong. In the late 80s, I created a Windows batch-to-executable compiler called Builder (extending the language greatly, to the point of menus as language constructs). Made a decent living off it, too! Upvoted because of course you're absolutely right. Please name just one. I pay a lot in taxes. Their long-term play is driverless cards--buy or lease fleet cars, then charge people a subscription to commute or use the cars a certain amount per month. The current business is building brand awareness and inertia. Ahem. "cards" = "cars", "inertia" = "momentum" Invaluable perspective from the trenches--thanks. Counterintuitive, amazing, horrifying. Everyone should read about this experiment. I would love to know if it has been re-created. Given the other ingredients in those proportions, you could substitute an old combat boot for the potato and it would taste just fine. > Almost 100% of publicly-known charity is, to some extent, designed to enhance prestige. Reference? Snap How is advertising zero sum? Thanks, because nothing on the homepage made sense to me! Very well put. The issues in that first year made those of us who weren't programmers feel like we could be. It was thanks to them and COMPUTE! that I actually did become one, and eventually a consumer of Walter Bright products! Why is it good to listen to a show you dislike just to say you finished it? I know with APL is, but what is a console frame buffer font? To be brutally honest, you may have illustrated your own problem. I'm in my mid 50s and have always, always studied hard for my next job. I strongly suggest you either work diligently on someone else's project on GitHub or you create and publish something important to you, even if you might not get paid for it. The simple fact is, we old guys are like women or blacks--we have to be better than the average candidate to get the same consideration. Not a nice situation, but it's always been true. I have known this for 30 years and have been preparing ever since. You're brave and took some harsh criticism well. My auction enterprise has done very, very well since I purchased it in late 2000--but I still prepare for failure every day. Where did I say that? Man, ain't that the truth. Any BOM I try to come up with doesn't get remotely close to the Pi Zero's list price, but I don't know Shenzhen well enough to understand if they could make it happen in quantities of, say, 10,000. But I'm not a hardware guy. Hey, that's nice. Well you just answered about 15 nagging questions I had. Thank you. D'oh! Without access to the PCB designs it would be completely asinine even to consider such a venture. Thanks. As an historian of English grammar, I feel your pain. Nope. Not in the USA. One of the best reasons to use a reputable commercial provider. Pixabay told me via email that their models do sign releases. > provable long-term return Citation? As I understand it this company is not doing specactularly (revenue up, but profit down a bit), but, more important, employee happiness is down to pre-$70K levels. http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/2016/05/26/does-70000-mi... Does anyone know if any of these is a particularly good example of good iOS coding/testing practices? (Not denigrating any of them! Just want to know which would be the best examples to learn from.) Thanks for a fascinating and very informative reply. Answers so many questions. > I definitely had performance issues Not too interested in your personal life, spud Actually, $30,000 was the threshold. Many Chinese parents in the tech world spend that on their kids' violins these days. Uh, no. Source: was just in Nashville pricing fiddles. The "cheap Chinese" ones went to $4K but the "good ones" were $5K to $15K. That's what happened to me too Western medicine is fantastic for injuries, and utterly medieval when it comes to chronic problems. It was agonizing to read this. What a resource! Just check out the link for a visual representation of what it does, which is to take a potato-quality, poorly-angled picture of a receipt and convert it to text, all in about 120 lines of very well documented code. Thanks for the link to the Smiley Hsu "My Quest for a 'Professional' violin" article. Finally read it. Very interesting look into buying a pro-quality violin in which the author ended up liking a $12,000 violin more than the $150,000 ones. I have been using LED bulbs for several years now. I see no evidence they hold up any longer than CFLs or incandescents. I have already returned 2 to Costco and have a third in my car. They seem to burn out just like any commercial bulbs. I am disappointed, but not at all surprised. Devoted capitalist though I may be, I figured the 100,000 hour numbers were bunk. I spent 40 years as a non meat eater, and great vegetarian food is consistently cheaper than mediocre food with meat in it. I had a lot of girlfriends before I got married, and they were always bemused because I tended to buy non-meat appetizers that tasted great, in place of an entree. I also love the non-meat goodies that come with the entrees in steakhouses. I have often ordered an entree without the steak, and the prices are bewilderingly low for very good food. How would it be paid for? We have to take sides. If I commit to iPhone, but there's a lot of stuff in android but I can't take advantage of. And vice versa PayPal works fine. I'm US-based Could not find that use case. What would you charge to point me to the answer? I'm willing to pay. Coke? McDonalds burgers? KFC dinners? The Bible? Having all of these sold in the tens or hundreds of billions? Now that you've discovered polyamory, I'm amazed you have so much time for the other stuff Still no SQL. Sigh. I moved on to React Native Otherwise known as racketeering. Compliance. Massive amounts of federal regulations, plus empire building and things like deluxe dorms and insanely corrupt athletic programs. If the tool is as accurate as the author implies, I think it would be great to release it for literary analysis. For example, it might help to determine which fragments of Shakespeare plays are written by Shakespeare and which, if any, were remembered incorrectly by the actors who reconstructed them after his death. That's what Mr. Teller wanted you to believe Please replace the term "religious people" with "people of color" and understand the harm you are doing in your discourse. It is blatant prejudice. I defy anyone to point me to a more complete treatment of a modern development environment. Hartl's work is ridiculously good. Almost wish I were still using RoR... The definition you just gave for co-op also includes any publicly owned corporation. That was an elegantly nuanced answer with just the right amount of context. Thank you. You can try LOGO in your browser with this Javascript-based interpreter by the inimitable Joshual Bell: http://www.calormen.com/jslogo/ We call that "the profit motive" Holy cow! Thanks for this tip. > your own prejudice.. Which is? By the way, I agree completely with the wording "not just take them for granted by faith." It is much more precise and to the point. Bought a domain name for $5,000 and sold for $350,000. Bought another domain name for $10, sold for $45,000 First one: NDA'd. Second one: chijia.com Weak tea, my friend. Even if it were true... that's not a prejudice. Please try again. I'm patient. Congratulations! I love seeing FOSS get real financial support. And yes, I donate to many, many FOSS projects a year. fb is essentially a social utility, but it is a private entity So... Not a utility This happened when I was a kid, and I took note of the wild swings commodities market could take. I like silver, so when it went down to five dollars in the late 1990s, I bought a couple of thousand ounces.starting at that level, it becomes logistically a little interesting to store it. It is perfectly logical, an unintended consequence of Secretary Clinton's actions. When you downvote, please tell me why I'm wrong. Thank you! Did not know about the perfectly logical prohibition on such complaints. I shall avoid it in the future. Was definitely not karma whoring, FWIW-- I fully expected an avalanche of downvotes. Appreciate the education, though not the assumption of guilt. I upvoted your comment and would have downvoted my own if I could. Spelunked the site for a while, but couldn't figure out what it does. Could not find an About page, for example. I don't say this lightly, but wasn't the open source license of MySQL the main source of its success? As I recall, it didn't really get huge until they loosened up the licensing terms. And wasn't that one of the main reasons it made $1 billion? Not criticizing – his business is his business. Just curious. Yep--new title is far superior. Actually made me read the article, whereas the old one put me off I'll be danged. Good share. I had wondered why the resurgence. Model S P100D has four doors, seats up to 5 adults plus 2 children Could not verify this. Looks like it seats 5, 2 in the front and 3 in the back. What am I missing? It's fast. So fast. About this quote by Bill Gates, whom I admire greatly: "It seems pretty egocentric while we still have malaria and TB for rich people to fund things so they can live longer." Bullshit. It sounds great, but what's it's really saying is that Bill Gates is a better judge of what should be done with Leonard Guarente's time than Leonard Guarente. That kind of talk is insidious. First of all--what are we going to do, all submit to Bill Gate's idea of what we should do? If not Bill, then, who will decide? It ignores the fact that the research of people like Guarente could end up right in Bill's wheelhouse. Many great scientific discoveries were accidents. It also completely ignores the fact the Bill himself became a great force for good not by doing what some factotum told him what to do, but by doing something that everyone told him not to do. Who knows, maybe Guarente will make a trillion dollars on his research (which I have absolutely no interest in). If Bill had done what his parents wanted him to do he probably would have been a white-shoe lawyer in Seattle or CEO of Planned Parenthood. I think Bill is a severely underrated CEO and probably a well-intentioned human being, but Bill has no fucking business telling the rest of us what to do with our time. Fun! Thank you. Did not know about him before. Thanks! There is a God! Smart to ask people about what they'd like to learn, not just what they know already. Sometimes second on the list is just as important. For example, English is not the favored language of anything like a majority of the world, but it is everybody's second favorite by a landslide. This survey revealed a strong pent-up demand for vue.js. JUCE is all that and a bag of chips. It is a perfectly capable competitor to QT, yet also has fantastic multimedia APIs. Docs are excellent. Source is ultra clear. Are you Eric, formerly of QSC? I think the author is satirizing Silicon Valley provincialism. ...and SNAP! pg was dead right. Didn't read that thread at the time. Thank you. I'm in my mid-50s, and I use speech recognition all the time on my phone. Multiple times per day on the average. I do have to speak like a news anchor, I don't hold the phone in a natural way, and I find it invaluable for productivity reasons. I don't give a shit if people think I'm holding my phone funny, or if they think it's weird to talk quietly into my phone. Life's too short for that. This answer was dictated into my iPad, by the way Not sure exactly what that meant, but I enjoyed the Tarantino-esque swagger So that was one of the best answers in the history of HN. Than you. I too have imagined Nero as the Sadam Hussein of his time. Or maybe one of the last 3 Kims. This all factually correct. Cannot understand reason for downvotes. Also have done business in China for 15 years. Don't stop yourself Gobsmacked to find this on HN. Thank you. It is worth noting that the critics had little interest at all in Queen during the band's heyday. They loved Bruce Springsteen and Elvis Costello. Queen, Klaatu, Kansas, Styx, Led Zeppelin, Yes? Not so much. The attitude toward Freddie changed when Freddie was sanctified by virtue his death. One of the stories that impressed me most was Freddie's innate solidity as a musician. He did the piano parts and many vocal parts in "Bohemian Rhapsody" at night--before the drum part was recorded. So Roger Taylor (who also sang the highest parts in that and other Queen songs) ended up using Freddie's part as a click track. The groups were popular--but critically excoriated. Pixel density on this seems quite low at 189 dpi. I have found the 4rth ten HD 6 at 252 ppi to be much better for reading. It is mediocre for video, but I read lots of PDFs and HN on it. "Economics in One Lesson" is not by Sowell. "Undercover" is an entertaining read. Highly recommended. Has none of the rigor of Sowell's work. Much more highly recommended. What filtered down to us here in the West was always absolutely hilarious to me. It is interesting to wonder whether that comes from the souls of the Russian people, or as Ben Lewis said, circumstances compelled the humor. Don't know why they keep calling it a doll. I regard it as one of the most stunning sculptures in the world. It is magnificent and I can never understand how it was made. Each piece had to be perfect. How is it beneficial tax-wise to lose $1 million? How is it beneficial tax-wise to lose $1 million? How is it beneficial tax-wise to lose $1 million? Agreed--trigger warning needed ;) What else is there? Sounds like an excellent assignment for someone of your considerable skill. Have at it! His plays from 60 years ago read like they were written yesterday. Everyone talks about "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf" but "The Zoo Story" is a devastating, somewhat surreal two man play that has never left me, even decades later. 1. You can't sell homemade food in a restaurant with the exception of a few items like bread that don't require refrigerators or a grease trap or a ventilation system (stove hood). There are slight variations on this theme per locality 2. Compliance, permitting, inspections and so on make your idea of a restaurant MVP literally impossible in Manhattan and the state of New York. Dead on. For someone who doesn't know this business you are a quick study Sadly the site of the company that owns the Commodore name is full of 404 pages, notably the one linked to from the "Hardware" tab. http://www.commodorecorp.com After reading your suggestion, I just donated $200--it was $100 but I stepped in for koolba Western medicine is AWESOME for traumatic injuries. The state of the art moves forward at an impressively steady clip. But our grasp of chronic conditions like this is pathetic, and worse, physicians are usually very uninterested in exploring these conditions with patients. Downvoted but why! Genuinely curious All that and he survived living in Bakersfield Just had to put left arm in a brace and would like to hear results too. The Beatles' recorded music is chock full of little mistakes, as anyone who's tried to learn their music by ear can tell you. Their backup vocals are often quite imperfect. Yet the songs as a whole are irresistible. Citation? High tech version of Pascal's Wager Not a hardware genius here. What does coherent memory mean? snap