That site has 30 million (base 27) digits of Pi. I used a dump of the first 5 trillion digits, and am now submitting prior art to all software patent trolls. I still use a typewriter. It's quicker to just bang out an address on an envelope than it is to load the sticky labels into the printer, open the word processor, type the address, then print it. but this does seem expensive. Like Boeing engineers sign off their own work when they're building aircraft. The test problem is well known in electronics manufacturing. When ISO900x and TQM etc is done right test & inspection are useful. No-one serious minds that a business complies with correctly formed legal requests. (And it's tricky for people in the UK facing the might of US law.) What's annoying is the disconnect between saying "We help you avoid censorship" and "we comply with correctly formed law enforcement documents". It's a bit like Hushmail. Compare their new advice to customers about how Hushmail will comply with law enforcement; to the point of creating new malicious Java software and pushing that out secretly to the 'target' / 'victim' to compromise their communication. Hushmail states all this clearly, allowing new customers to make an informed choice. > and that ultimately, we just want to give people ads that they don't hate (for some reason this is called "selling data to advertisers"). As an aside: I'm happy with ad supported stuff. I never run any ad-blocking extensions or hide my data. But still many ads are lousy. Any chance of a HN karma style thing to vote up / down ads? ("I hate this ad, it makes me want to leave the page -1", vs "I don't hate this ad, whether I click it or not +/- 0" vs "I like this ad whether or not I click it +1") And I always like websites that allow paying members to turn off ads. Clown.zip listed here? ( http://cd.textfiles.com/powerpakgold/FILES_RA/FILES.2 ) and downloady here? ( http://cd.textfiles.com/powerpakgold/ANIMAT/ ) Michael Gove is the one who talks about "Newton's laws of thermodynamics", so what did the OP expect? ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/education/2011/jun/18/michael-gove... ) People here will know more than most the strong history of computing that Britain has. Significant contributions to many areas of computing have come from Britain. Just computer games in the UK is a huge industry. The OP thought that there is a lack of programming experienced by young people. Other people agree; see Raspberry Pi project for an example. IT in English schools is pretty poor, there's some simplistic "How to use a word processor, how to use a spreadsheet" but nothing in depth. Skills used in programming overlap many other areas of learning. Gather information; reduce the problem; attack each part; plan it out; step it through; iterate. The UK has some scarily poor implementations of big IT projects. Hugely late, over budget, broken - and those are the ones that make it to completion. (Although I welcome any information about the good systems.) We as a nation desperately need people who can program. Not just regular web / app / desktop programming, but also low quantity high quality machine shop style CNC / Pick and Place / etc manufacturing. The fact that the department gave a useless reply is no surprise, but is disappointing. Bing tv adverts suggested that Google wasn't providing user friendly search results. So maybe there is some huddle of people who just can't cope with Google? Was pyrex a company name? Pyrex == latin pyro + rex == fire king. The article needs some graphs, or some other visualisations. Version control for schematics is cool. I don't really get what they're saying with "visual diffs". Normal practice is to have a side-bar with a list of differences between versions. That makes it pretty clear what was added or removed. Using colours kind of fails because (for just a two sided PCB) you have two copper sides, one (maybe two) component sides, and these already use a bunch of different colour. Whatever you do with "visual diffs" needs to work in monochrome - you have people working with traditional blueprints, or with mono printers. Heck, you still (in the 21st century!) have people using fax machines. This all sounds really negative, but it isn't. It's a great idea, I just hope they can make it work. But re-inventing things that already exist is also sub-optimal. Why create a font, why not use an existing standard? Also, having a list of the icons together with their labels made it easy for me to know what they meant. Some of those icons would be baffling to me if they didn't have a label. I could be convinced that extra visual clutter is a good thing, but some designer is going to have to give a nice example. I don't want to be the "Let's make an open source version; it'd only take a weekend" guy, but why doesn't someone else do a good social bookmark site? What's stopping someone from providing the features that are missing in new delicious? Also, "stem to stem" should be "stem to stern" - I don't know why stuff like that bothers me so much, but it does. The promoted comments are usually worth reading. The first few times I saw them I made the mistake of trying to read the rest. They were still awful. Adam Buxton and Bug ( http://www.bugvideos.co.uk/ ) have a great thing where he reads YouTube videos. ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gx-WBaSNrTQ ) I'm a bit confused. The architecture is just abstracted away. Why does a programmer care if it's optical or DNA or whatever? See, for a less extreme example, the tools that people use to develop for a single x86 vs CUDA vs massive clusters vs huge FPGA clusters vs ARM vs etc etc. I honestly think that revolutionary architecture will just lead to some new libraries and dev tools which get kludged onto existing dev systems. But I welcome more information because I know I could be horribly wrong. Helping your customers understand what they actually want to buy is part of selling, surely? Things are made trickier by PHBs in the client company claiming that everything is mission critical and that they can never ever have any downtime ever for any reason. Educating these people about, for example, just how flaky email and dns can be is important for your sanity. See, for example, these couple of posts from a Microsoft public newsgroup ten years ago: ( https://groups.google.com/group/microsoft.public.backoffice.... ) ( https://groups.google.com/group/microsoft.public.backoffice.... ) Some customers are clueless, but at least they care about the data. IE on mac was created by a different team, and was very different form IE on Windows. It was a popular browser. I have still to find anyone who actually used any of the IEs that MS released for Unix. This is a staggering statistic: "By 1830, the film informs us, the average American male over the age of 15 was consuming the equivalent of 88 bottles of whiskey a year." That makes prohibition a lot more understandable. Not acceptable! Just easier to understand why desperate people thought desperate measures were needed. As a bit of noodling: ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=population+of+US+in+183... ) the US had about 12 million people in 1830. Life expectancy is here: ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=life+expectancy+in+US+i... ) If we say that 3 million people were drinking 50 bottles of whiskey each per year that's 150 million bottles. If each bottle is half a litre that's 75 million litres. It takes about 100 kg grain to make about 80 litres. 75m / 80 * 100 == 93,750,000 kg grain. That's about 90,000 imperial tons of grain. It takes about 250 labour-hours to produce 100 bushels of wheat. ( http://www.agclassroom.org/gan/timeline/farm_tech.htm ) That's, uh, my conversions are failing now. ( http://www.interstock.ru/0obuch/conversion.pdf ) okay, I give up. I was trying to see roughly how many people and acres it would take to fuel an 1830 population of 15 year olds at 50 bottles a week. The gigabytes of wiki meta stuff will be fascinating for the future people. "Ghod almighty," they will say, "look at the hours and hours they spent talking about absolute nonsense!". Personally I'd put particle physics (esp LHC) in the list in place of wikipedia. Lists of fictional ducks and every Essex bus timetable for the last three years isn't that inspiring to me. I love to see this level of investigation. It's a great shame that there's not really any programme of funding or support to encourage hacking like this. Hopefully people will dig around in cupboards / attics / basements to find more hardware. I usually find that ( http://meatballwiki.org/wiki/ ) has already talked about anything to do with online communities, and has probably covered it better. This post is brutal. _Sorry_ in advance. Feel free to ignore it. (But I suggest, in a friendly way, that you read the link provided at the end.) >you it’s wears. Possessive its has no apostrophe. And that should be "wares", not "wears". This next sentence is where I stopped reading. >Procedures and doing things in the right and expected order, is in my opinion, is paramount to making work easier for everyone, so I’ll also be addressing that issue. Repeated "is" and oddly placed commas meant I couldn't remember what you were trying to say. I know that these are tiny little things. And maybe I should concentrate on the meaning of your piece. But those errors broke my concentration; they got in the way. Sorry. The Underground Grammarian expresses it better than I can, in "Trifles" (chapter 6 of "Less Than Words Can Say"). http://www.sourcetext.com/grammarian/less-than-words-can-say... http://www.sourcetext.com/grammarian/ ...and I know my writing, spelling, punctuation and grammar are all lousy. But I'm not making money off writing. Calibre does not like PDF. It sometimes works, but the Calibre team recommend using against using PDF anywhere in the workflow. Calibre also comes bundled with a bunch of command line tools which, in my opinion, are much nicer than Calibre itself. About the un-clickable program name in the menu bar. I agree that it'd be nice, like OS X, to have that as a menu. OS X, or probably Apple, forces control over what items go into different menus. Linux is a lot more free. So, a "preferences" menu item could go in 'file' or 'edit' or 'view' or 'tools'; or maybe only some of the preferences are there and the rest are in a config file. It took me some getting used to. It's a problem when the ad requires three years of Javascript, two years of embedded C, two years of C++, two years of Python, two years of Ruby, and five years of HTML and CSS, and yet is only offering college-leaver pay. > Learning any other language is largely a pursuit of fancy What happens if you want to sell to, or buy from, some other country? Is business squeezed into the bit that isn't "largely a ..."? I'm English. I speak no other languages, and it's something I'm a bit embarrassed by. Curtas get mentioned a lot because they occur in a couple of William Gibson books. But there are other nice bits of mechanical technology. I used to work for a bus ticket machine company. The mechanical devices were amazing pieces. Really intricate and packed. I didn't work on those. I worked on "TIMtronic" (Ticket Issuing Machine electronic). http://www.ticketmachinewebsite.com/apps/photos/album?albumi... But see also Samuel Morland's adder, a device from 1680. Yes, I agree. My post was worded very poorly. Thank you for the corrections! I didn't realise that Apple didn't force the HIG. I do enjoy the care and thoughtful interface decisions. >We’re developing ads that provide richer information to you because we believe that search ads should be both beautiful and informative, and as useful to you as an answer. Google has started silently substituting words or dropping words from queries. See, for example, my stack exchange question: http://webapps.stackexchange.com/q/19465/13791 I'm not sure I want ads that do the same. Eye testing can pick up a bunch of stuff early, so regular eye tests (especially when you get older) are important. Don't forget that in England your employer makes a contribution to the cost of eye-tests and glasses if you're a monitor user. ( http://www.direct.gov.uk/en/Employment/HealthAndSafetyAtWork... ) Plenty of pages that get linked to from HN are pretty bad for readability - awful contrast or weird font choices. User side CSS is nice, but it's a shame to have to fix so many sites. Also, analgesics can cause "rebound headache" - you have a headache, you take pain relief for a few days, the headache stops, and you stop taking the pain killer. Then you get a rebound headache. This especially happens with ibuprofen. ( http://www.helpforpain.com/arch2000aug.htm ) That site says rebound headache are the most common cause of pain referral to doctors, which is a surprise to me. I would have thought back pain was. English government gives the impression of being scientifically and mathematically illiterate. ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/education/2011/jun/18/michael-gove... ) - the minister for education saying { "What [students] need is a rooting in the basic scientific principles, Newton's laws of thermodynamics and Boyle's law."} I doubt this open letter will make any difference. Or even be understood. I predict some politician will be using nursing, or primary schools, in an example of where money needs to be spent and as a justification for cuts, even though the letter says this is not about cuts. Link to the EPSRC: ( http://www.epsrc.ac.uk/Pages/default.aspx ) I'm not a businessman, but if I was trying to sell something I would want to reduce the work my customers have to do. I don't want to give them the choice of "The guy who doesn't speak $LANGUAGE" vs "Let's go with this guy who made an effort". (Let's not forget that customers are not always rational.) Politician's blog: ( http://www.siegfriedkauder.de/ ) Copied photo: ( http://www.vogtsbauernhof.org/content/view/full/213 ) Pretty clumsy move, especially for a lawyer, especially for a lawyer who claims to want to protect copyright. He's not jsut kept the image in his private collection, but is serving it to whoever many people visit his site. I have no idea about Germany, but in England it's the sharing with other people that becomes a problem. dBaseII - sales people don't want $SOFTWAREv1.05, they want The New Version. They can then sell that upgrade, and the extra features. PHBs get caught up in that. Kaizen and iteration doesn't feel exciting; you don't have a release buzz. Someone needs to set up a Patent Troll company and patent a bunch of processes for political methods / action / campaigning / etc. Then start trolling politicians. In the UK, where people get cheap meds (80% of people taking meds don't pay for them) the rate of non-compliance with meds is staggering. The medication budget is something like £9billion per year, and estimates suggest that half of that is wasted because people don't take the meds correctly (or at all). And this is not because the meds are cheap or the illness is trivial. Rates of non compliance are similar in the US, and for people who will die without meds. Many organ transplants fail because of medication non-compliance. The history is important, and I'm really pleased they got some money. They still need a bit more. And really, in the scheme of things, a couple of million is not much for such an important site. I am worried about them being able to get it, especially at the moment. It's a bit depressing that programming and that kind of thinking is neglected in the curriculum. Except, it's not misaimed fandom. People seem to genuinely agree with him about how stupid some aspects of modern gaming are. Having cowclick is a way of saying you agree. A clicky plusone. That's fair enough; KDE and Gnome had problems with security with their screen savers. Gnome's reimplementation of Jamie Zawinski's xscreensaver had a bunch of security bugs. And screensavers are hardly The Killer App. I do, however, agree that it's annoying when an upgrade kills functionality. ( http://www.usenix.org/events/usenix2000/general/pikelex.html ) >Symbolic links make the Unix file system non-hierarchical, resulting in multiple valid path names for a given file. This ambiguity is a source of confusion, especially since some shells work overtime to present a consistent view from programs such as pwd, while other programs and the kernel itself do nothing about the problem. etc etc. filesystems are a mess, and it'd be great if something could fix them. ...but people also spend real money to buy (ugly) ProgressQuest real-world items. I'm pretty sure if PQ introduced some stupid free-to-play/pay-to-get-juicy-upgrades thing that they'd get a bit of cash. I'm not technical, but even I can appreciate some of the very many layers beneath my web-browsing. But, taking me typing into this text-box on HN as an example: What would the Unix way be? (If every tool does one thing and does it well, with text as input and output, and pipes to join it all together.) Would I really have an unholy long command-line of a bunch of tools piped together (but accessed by clicking an icon)? Assuming for a moment that they're right: What's the alternative? OS/2 had nice features; it got crushed. BeOS had some nice features; it got crushed. (Yes, I'm aware that they're probably still around in some OSS version.) Plan9 keeps being mentioned, but do regular users understand it? (Is there a "this is why we do things, and this is why that's good" written for people who haven't written their own compiler?) Are people working on experimental new OSs to "fix problems" in existing systems, or have we gone way past the point of no return? Is there any work on new microprocessor architecture? How much stuff in my modern OS is there because of legacy 8086 stuff? I think, but I'm not sure, that the length of time it's taken people to get (for one example) IPv6 rolled out shows that change is not likely. Plan9 LiveCD and installer: ( http://cm.bell-labs.com/plan9/download.html ) Haiku: ( http://haiku-os.org/ ) You can have a great high resolution grey scale monitor, as used in hospitals to view x-rays and other imaging data, but they cost something like $6,000USD. I'm guessing you could hack them to work well with text. You'd lose color syntax highlighting. Here's just one example, but there are loads more: ( http://www.pnwx.com/Equipment/Digital/Displays/Barco/Nio/ ) Blame stupid consumers for buying really poor quality monitors based almost only on price - forcing manufacturers to supply inferior product. Programmers do it on paper in pseudo-code and Jackson Structured Programming charts while coders convert that into a program? (The programmer and coder might be the same person.) Verified by visa is hideous security theatre. I have no idea why banks fail so hard at security. They're actively targeted by criminal gangs; they stand to lose money if they get it wrong; they have money and expertise to get it right. Yet they all suck. Swatch beats were pre-Y2K! It's kind of a shame they went nowhere. Something like Swatch beats would be useful. See, for example, Stack Exchange "days" - I have no idea when they start or finish in my time-zone. It's not outrage at Stallman's comments, but asking whether someone who is horrendously, gratuitously crass, offensive and insensitive of people's emotions should be "cheerleading" free software. See also RMS's disappointment at the developer busy with a new child - start here ( http://thread.gmane.org/gmane.emacs.devel/36137 ) His inability to understand people is distracting from the aims of FSF. >Actually, I think this may be an issue with your monitor. Could you take a screen grab and email me a bitmap if you get a moment? I just want to check there isn’t a colour rendering error What? How does that work? Also, other people see bugs and faces: I see goatse. :-( In WAVE, the A is higher than the W and V. Is that supposed to happen? (MacBook Pro, OSX Snow Leopard) I think you're under-estimating RMS's extremism about 'freeness'. RMS would say that you booted your machine with an evil closed EFI / BIOS; that there's a bunch of evil non-free drivers; that there's a bunch of evil non-free gui stuff, etc etc. Chrome was not, to RMS, a valid solution. Note his approach to "browsing the www" - ( http://lwn.net/Articles/262570/ ) >To look at page I send mail to a demon which runs wget and mails the page back to me. RMS would say that there is still plenty of work to do to work toward 'free' software. (Mobile phones is something he's keen to open up.) Any explanation for downvote? 1) How does a screen grab help diagnose broken monitor? 2) Three blobs on left and three blobs on right are hands, you know the rest. Totally Goatse. I like ( http://750words.com/ ) That wasn't the first time RMS had said something like that, but to say it to a fellow dev, when you're asking that person to fix someone else's bug, seems particularly unaware. For sure, Asperger's or Autism explains it, but doesn't make it much easier to deal with. So long as Amazon never include a touch-screen I'll be happy. Sony's decision to have a shiny touch screen, that got grubby, on a device used mostly for reading, was baffling. UK (at least, England, I have no idea what Wales or Scotland do) "Learning disability" is related to IQ. Autism and Asperger's syndrome do sometimes lead to a "Special Educational Need" (SEN). This isn't just language; there's some access to medical services stuff involved. >If you think Steve's products hamper your freedom Try and explain how to boot a MacBookPro from USB stick to someone, and compare that to booting almost any other computer. Or explain how to dual boot a Mac with OSX and Linux, vs anything else with Windows and Linux. Holding down option while booting does not work for USB media on MacBook Pro. (But sure, this will work for optical media.) You've just managed to give the wrong information to someone, and call them stupid at the same time. Sure, there are a lot of important benefits to having firm design choices made by someone, rather than just not ever making the decision and cramming a million options into a multi-tab options dialog (or a config file). I own (and use every day) a mac. I've recommend mac to everyone I know, fo rthe reasons you mention. But you can't have it both ways - not having those options available means you're not as free to use your machine as you are with other OSs. Trivial eg: OS X windowing behaves a certain way. You want to maximise a window? You can't, unless you know some secret trick. You want to tile windows? You can't, unless you install some 3rd party software. These aren't power-user functions. Did you read the page you posted? The external USB device:- >Contains an installation of Mac OS X 10.4.5 or later, or Mac OS X 10.5 or later, which is compatible with (or shipped with) the Mac that the USB device is connected to. That's not Linux. Linux will not work with that method. Don't take my word for it; try it yourself, or ask Apple, or have a quick search of the "support" communities. See, for an example, this question on stack exchange: ( http://superuser.com/q/27794/93703 ) Here are some people having trouble, and not getting much help (but lousy "support" is common to many distributions) - ( https://discussions.apple.com/thread/1266303?start=0&tst... ) ( https://discussions.apple.com/thread/2579995?start=0&tst... ) ( https://discussions.apple.com/thread/1723157?start=0&tst... ) You've still failed to understand the problem, and to provide a working fix. >What Apple's products tend to do is trade one kind of freedom for another. They don't eliminate or reduce freedom, they transform the essential nature of it. No. Apple's design choices remove freedom. It would be easy for Apple keep their software as it is, but also include text config files. I agree with you that "sane defaults" are something that Apple does really well, and I agree with you that it's great for many users. But not having the option to change some behaviours; having that option locked out, has removed some freedom from some users. I love this! I really like the fact that (as others have mentioned) they are text friendly. I've added one to my custom CSS for HN. (and a teeny-tiny comment if they're reading this: possessive its has no apostrophe. (See description for Stucco.)) Bigger houses with more people per house - better support to look after old people at home or keep young people there while they study. Better flats - much better noise insulation, with energy efficiency and better local infrastructure (especially local transport), so singletons use space efficiently. A nice idea, but I'm not convinced. I'd be interested to see an excerpt that taught an actual programming concept. See also "The Number Demon" (Or devil - ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/Number-Devil-Mathematical-Adventure/... ) which could have been brilliant but has a few problems. Still, good luck! Anything that helps teach programming thinking is probably a good thing. You're right! I missed out 'linux' from "boot from USB". Sorry, I should have included that. Still, the point stands; booting Linux from USB is hard and not clearly documented anywhere and is tricky to explain to people. Maybe that's as designed, but there are so many of these design decisions that lock down the system to whatever Apple wants. And that jars with the "Think Different" sloganeering. Just my personal opinion: I didn't like the way that names of people and theories were changed to other stuff; and it can feel a bit repetitive with the dialogue. I'm not saying the book is awful, and I know other people will think it's good. People in the UK will move house to get into the catchment area of a good (free) school. Not just secondary school (ages 11 to 16) but for primary schools too (ages 5 to 10). That's an investment of hundreds of thousands of pounds for something which (at primary school ages) doesn't appear to have much of an evidence base. I haven't heard anyone saying "It's Harvard or the gutter", but they're similar. I'm just lazy, that's why I didn't anglicise. I would think that Harvard is as well known as Oxbridge. I'm not sure about the other Ivy League colleges. Yes. I would definitely pay Google for some features. (I'd really like an option to "de-bubble" me; I'd really like an option to go back to 2004 style searching; etc.) Facebook's reach is pretty scary / annoying. I'd gladly pay them to have some of the functionality but with better privacy options. I'd always consider paying a site to not show adverts. I'd much rather pay a news-site for quality reporting than have to put up with link-bait trolling and ads and [1][2][3] pages of chopped up articles. I have nothing to do with this. I saw it and thought that some on HN might enjoy it. Holy crap that hurt my eyes. Seriously, I'm going to start asking about client-side CSS soon. The early Hubble images were fixed, maybe there's something around for those? ( http://adsabs.harvard.edu/full/1992ASPC...25..226K ) What an awful URL. Meatball wiki is crucial reading for people wanting to learn about online communities. ( http://meatballwiki.org/wiki/ ) ...why not just use the Stack Exchange "Code Golf" website? ( http://codegolf.stackexchange.com/ ) Won't we just end up with "I do not want X [*]" vs "I do want X [ ]"? Having seen how the UK implemented data protection stuff I'm not keen on seeing the mess they'll make of this. Current best practice is un-checked boxes asking if the user wants more information. Current common practice is to check all those boxes and let the user notice any that need un-checking. A bit frustrating. Also, the distance selling regulations are already pretty fierce in the UK. I'm glad I don't sell a physical product. I'd be really interested to hear from anyone who does about any problems they've had. No. If you rely on a lot of storage it pays to have really smart people building the hardware and software, and maintaining it, with service agreements in place. If 100 TB was as easy as buying a bunch of discs and slapping NASlite or FreeNAS on them then everyone would be doing it. ( http://judaism.stackexchange.com/q/7275/824 ) ( http://judaism.stackexchange.com/q/83/824 ) ( http://judaism.stackexchange.com/q/9341/824 ) etc. Not sure why that's controversial? Diceware ( http://world.std.com/~reinhold/diceware.html ) is one version. It should be easy enough to automate, if you can get enough randomness to pick each word. Not sure about "healthy", but "totally normal" or "completely acceptable" instead fit. Also, responds really well to self-guided treatment like cognitive behaviour therapy. >We don't have a policy on how to accommodate deaf or sight impaired customers, This is not legal in the UK under disability discrimination laws; I'm surprised it's not the same in other countries. As well as being not legal it's a pretty shoddy way to treat potential customers. >This request has moved me to action. Cool! I'd be really interested to read how it goes; if you have problems; if you get any customer feedback. Phone calls make sure I waste my time trying to get your attention via low-paid level one staff who have minimal training and who possibly hate me and all other customers; until I give up navigating your awful phone-menu system and getting misunderstood by aforementioned staff and being put on hold for hours www.edfenergy.com/products-services/for.../priority_services.pdf >If you have a textphone, please call our Minicom Line free on 0800 096 2929 I agree that email (as well as phone) is a better solution. The writing in The Economist is awesome; many magazines would struggle to convey programming, compiling, and machine code to a general audience. Have a browse through alt.sysadmin.recovery I'm really keen to read parts 2,3,4,5, and 6. I know someone working for Chegg and they love it there. A device for electronic-hacking that allows me to use screens removed from Nintendo DS or Playstation Portable or some smart phones (probably iPhone because of ease of getting them) over USB. A bit like ( http://www.thinkgeek.com/computing/usb-gadgets/bfa3/ ) but not insanely expensive. There are very many dead laptops with working displays. Something that allows people to use those as a secondary display (even though they're going to have to work to rip out the display and stick it into a case / bezel) would be good. No, but it doesn't cost me money to send an email. I'm in the UK. We tend to have to pay to call companies. Where a company has a "freephone" number that's only free from landlines (and possibly a small number of mobile tariffs) - anyone calling from a mobile will have to pay lots. The combination of poor customer service, and not getting the problem resolved, and having to pay for it, is horrible. I'm very pleased for Duck Duck Go. Lots of things about Google are frustrating, and it's great to have an alternative. They're not quite there, but I hope they manage it soon. Imagine you have a troll providing lots of noise but little signal. You just ban them, and give them a notice saying "You're banned". What do you think they're going to do? They just change IP, register again, and carry on. Now imagine that you hellban them. Or just start introducing errors and delays into their posting. What do you think they do? They carry on trolling, but no-one else is disturbed by it. It's particularly annoying when Google substitutes words without telling you. Or when they silently drop words and you only realise when a ctrl-F through the web-page says nothing found. Weirdly, I want a time filter, but to block recent results and promote results older than X years. I can think of the example, but there was something with few results for (about) 12 years ago (and those were the ones I wanted) but millions for this year. (And I didn't want those.) I go to "goodies" and "zero click info sources". I see this line:- Language SE - quint in quintessential So I clicky the link, but it appears to have nothing to do with Stack Exchange. Some of the others work - Numote Big Bang Schedule has a nice box at top of the search results. ALSO: Do you have a printable cheat sheet for all the bang syntax and extras? A4, mono, please! You used to be able to group search terms using () on Google. It appears that you can't do that any longer. Google will sometimes substitute words for you, and say "did you mean X?". That's gently frustrating; I'm sure it's great for most people but not for me. Worse, sometimes google will sub words and say "Search for X instead of Y". Sometimes, and this is what really bugs me, is you'll include three or four words in the search term, and Google will silently drop one. I only find out when I open the URL, and having wasted a few minutes noodling around the document, I try to find my word using a ctrl F and I discover it's not there. Here's an example (that appears to work now): (I'm fully aware that maybe I'm doing it wrong, and I welcome advice about best current practice for Google searching. (For example, did Google ever group words in brackets? When did they stop doing that?)) +("os x" OR "osx") +temperature +(console OR "command line") I expected this to return URLs that: 1) MUST CONTAIN either "os x" or "osx" and 2) MUST CONTAIN either "console" or "command line" and 3) MUST CONTAIN the word "temperature". When I was trying it the first page of results did not contain the word temperature - obviously very annoying. Nope :-( I get this: --- Did you mean quintin quintessential? Welcome to Quintessential Filter Tips Ltd. Quintessential Tips Ltd. Makers and Purveyors of Fine Quality Environmentally Conscious Smoking Products. quintessentialtips.com Quintessential | Define Quintessential at Dictionary.com adjective . 1. of the pure and essential essence of something: the quintessential Jewish delicatessen. 2. of or pertaining to the most perfect embodiment of something: the quintessential performance of the Brandenburg Concertos. dictionary.reference.com/browse/quintessential More results Let me know what information you need and I'll send it to your feedback page. I might not be for a few hours though! Dive Into HTML5 would seem a good place. Here's one mirror: http://diveintohtml5.ep.io/ (It was released under some CC licence, so I'm guessing the mirror is legit. ) This post is mostly negative, and it might be a bit harsh. Sorry in advance. Your ideas for watches make me want to actively avoid -before I've even seen them - any websites you've been involved in. You show a fundamental lack of understanding about how people read time that I think you would fail hard with something more complex. The analogue style face has lasted so long because it is so easy to use. Catching a ball involves a bunch of tricky physics (we've only just developed robots that can do it well) but people don't have to think about it; you throw a ball at them and they jab their arm out. (If they're anything like me they miss the ball.) People don't need to think about watches to tell the time. There are a few special cases: Young people learning to tell the time, or people with some interesting number-blindness problems, or people with mild learning disabilities. I'd be interested to hear designs that help those people. But, really, digital watches already exist and are a cheap and simple fix. Really nice. But whenever I see stuff like this I always wonder if it fits into less than 4k; some of that demo-scene stuff is amazing. Maybe this? ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1545220 ) Or this? (doubtful) ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3026230 ) ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1921154 ) If you want graduate instead of graduating you don't use + you use "graduate". See how annoying it is? They change this stuff. Also, like I said - default behaviour is great for most people. I dislike it. I don't want Google subbing words for me, and I don't want to enclose everything in quotes. Just to follow up on this: I had a caching thing on os x chrome, and thus my problem (unrelated software) was fixed within an hour of posting. I'm buying a t-shirt to say thanks. An "online knitting machine". The user sends in a knitting pattern; the website generates a cost; the user decides to pay (or not); payment is taken; the thing is made and dispatched. Advanced mode: have a screen for users to design stuff which then gets knitted. I thought the > on the first page was connected to the email submission thing. I didn't notice it at first. I didn't click it. I only knew to click it after reading another comment here about the little circles and then I saw both , and realised they were clicky. Suggestion: Make the extra pages much easier to find, make the more discoverable, make the little circles more obvious. I want to make new friends. Let's have a read of the blurb: >GROOOVY LETS YOU MEET >NEW FRIENDS COMFORTABLY >AT YOUR OWN PACE. That's exactly what I need; nice and gentle and not scary. I am your target users. I'm not looking to date or hook up; I'm not sketchy or skeezy. So, who are these people? Where do they come from? What's the "pool of people"? >Join or create customized >events. Chat with the people you'll meet, check-in and add >them as friends. Finish off your event experience by >writing your first thoughts of each other. Wait, what? I have no idea who these other people are. Are they all just randoms that sign up to your service? How do I know they're not crazy axe-murderers? Are they taken from Facebook or some such? Do we pay to join? Do we pay to send messages? Let's say I set up and event: Do I just ping people and ask if they want to go? Or does my event get listed and other people say they'd like to turn up? What happens if Bob (a made up name) has been to an event and I HATE HIM? Can I not let him see events I create? Can I filter events Bob goes to? Cue a bunch of people being shot / tasered / gassed as they reach for their phones? Not all freecell hands are winnable. ( http://shoreacres.wordpress.com/2008/06/14/the-death-of-free... ) Even taking into account that the writer's first language wasn't English the article is pretty poor. Maybe a lot was lost in translation. >There is a Swedish saying that goes something like "Give the bear honey, and it will take you entire arm off". I love this idiom. It feels much nicer than "Give them an inch and they'll take a yard / mile" (Some definitions for this post: "Stress" == bad, harmful, something to be avoided for everyone. "Pressure" == not harmful, enjoyed by some people.) Possibly not relevant to you but: In the UK your employer owes you a legal duty to protect you from stress in the workplace. The duty is clearly defined in law, and has been tested by the courts and employment tribunal many many times. But - so what? You need to be able to turn that protection into something that helps you. Seek advice; and then gather evidence of what things are too stressful, and if anything could be done to reduce that to a manageable level. Then go see a line manager and ask to talk. Present these things, and see if you can work something out. Realise that you probably can't, but at least you now have some protection if you decide to leave. As others have said, really you need to try to leave. Bad companies grind on because people stay there, getting dumped on. Unfortunately there are many idiots in the workplace, and that translates to many bad workplaces. ( Office Space Dilbert etc are not funny because they're off the wall; they're uncomfortably close to real life.) But don't let this put you off from leaving. No-one should be put in the situation that you're in. You could try adjusting work / life balance:- get more exercise, drink much less caffeine, get a self-help book or course about dealing with stress and use those techniques at work (and remember, it's just a job), remember to take regular time-outs (you're using a monitor, so you should be having at least 5 minutes every hour), don't get pressured to do silly hours, etc etc. FWIW I have a lot of sympathy for you. Bad working environments suck, and suck hard. Employers need to learn that treating the workforce humanely is in the best interest of their business. > Nobody wants the entire Internet encrypted more than the giant banks Why is so much bank security nothing more than ridiculous security theatre? I agree they have the money, they have the need, they have enough smart programmers; so why do they fail so hard at security? I went through a period of being tired all the time - so tired that I found it hard to stay awake in the afternoons. And close friends would mention that I looked like I was putting on weight. I felt confused most of the time. It was lousy. Turns out it was a thyroid problem combined with myxodema (water retention on the face). My GP diagnosed it after blood tests. Now I'm on life long medication and I have yearly blood tests -but the fat-face has gone, and I feel normal. Also, I get all my prescriptions free. (I'm in the UK.) > Project Zomboid was regularly backed up from machine to machine, but rarely – sadly and infuriatingly – externally. We have lost an awful lot of work. I don't want to be an arsehole, but COME ON. Really? No proper backup? > They got burgled, FFS, I feel for those poor fellows, that really sucks. Yes. For the avoidance of all doubt (and I thought it went without saying) I feel sorry for them too; being robbed is really rough and losing a bunch of work because of it is also really rough. And insurance is such a scam that I'd be curious to know if they get any money or if their insurance refuses to pay out. Binary blobs for configuration should be considered evil. I'm all for sane defaults and making design decisions and keeping options away from the users - not having huge preference panes. But keep a hand-editable text configuration file. I spent some time using IceWM (shipped with EEEpc 701) and the jwm. So I guess I'd be using jwm again. > But a lot of them were two-person companies last year too, and the year before that. So what? It takes X years (3? 5?) before you see a real profit. > At the same time, many of Boston’s most promising companies with 100 or more employees have a tough time hiring. Could too much of Boston’s talent be stuck in start-ups that are going nowhere? Or could some of $TOWN's most promising companies have toxic work environments, with awful management and horrible structures? Letting people work from home would improve hiring. Having sensible expectations for working hours and vacation wouldn't hurt either. Yes. I had thought the flat base was a distinct feature, but I was wrong. It's been used for years. ( http://hub.tv-ark.org.uk/images/weather/bbc_images/bbc_weath... ) Also, a simple Google image search of [cloud logo] gives many different varieties of cloud. Some have bumpy bases; some have more or less than three circles; etc. Learn Python the hard way is available online for free, or you can buy it. ( http://learnpythonthehardway.org/ ) Here's the link for Land of Lisp. ( http://landoflisp.com/ ) > * but none of them are relevant for me, personally * That's fine. People are saying (I think) that sane defaults and good design choices are important. Where the problem comes is that there's no need to exclude power users. You just hide all the stuff in a text config file. That makes a lot of sense because these are the people who tend to review and blog about the product, and if they're giving good reviews and raving about it you're going to ship more. There was an interesting comment about support: binary blobs leads to easier support because users can't mess it up too much. The answer to that is a big "restore to default" button that backs-up the config and then resets everything. > * The power users should know enough about ubuntu to change what they don't like. * Except configuration is being hidden in binary blobs! And "The Ubuntu Way" seems to be being forced on "power users". It's a great shame. Linux does need an easy to use OS, and Ubuntu has filled that role for a while now, and will continue to do so. But the great thing about Ubuntu was that power users could use it as well. Now some people are going to migrate to other distributions (debian for power users, mint for people who dislike the idea of an "easy to use, linux for newbies"). This gets a bit off-topic, sorry. The British Broadcasting Company started a rule about "no biscuits for meetings of only internal BBC staff". That saved them over £200,000. I don't know what that was in USD in 2001, but it's a reasonable amount. I also don't know how much good-will they lost amongst staff. ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2001/jul/25/broadcasting.bbc ) > According to a report compiled by the BBC's "revenue, procurement and services" department, the BBC spends £3m a year on catering hospitality, of which £350,000 goes on free tea and coffee for staff - not counting refreshments provided for meetings. > A further £210,000 is spent annually on biscuits for meetings of BBC executives and middle managers, with half of the snacks consumed at BBC Television Centre in west London. About £500,000 goes on complimentary lunches, meals and buffets for employees; £80,000 on alcohol and £100,000 on "miscellaneous staff events". Remember that the BBC is funded by a "tax" / licence fee that people must pay if they install or use a TV to receive broadcast signals. "TV" in that sentence includes computers / smart phones capable of receiving live streaming Internet. "Broadcast signals" in that sentence does not just include BBC. A person might never watch anything by the BBC, they still need to pay the tax. Please can I filter some people from /news and /newest? Or could I set a minimum score for any of their submitted articles to appear for me? (Thus, they submit twenty articles. One of them gets 6 upvotes, which is my limit, and thus I only see that one submission.) I guess this is a user-side configurable hellban / killfile. Thanks for the cultural note! I even meant to include that. I upvoted you but . . . You say that you worked there, and had meetings, but never saw a biscuit? Thus, the figure isn't £200,000 / 27,000; but is £200,000 / however many people went to meetings where biscuits were served. Also, £7.41 a year per person for meeting biscuits is a lot of biscuits when you have economies of scale like the BBC. Finally: It might not be a tax but don't forget it's a special licence fee, protected with its own bit of legislation, where non-payment results in fines and non-payment of those fines was a significant cause of imprisonment of women. There aren't many other products with that kind of fee-structure. I agree the BBC is brilliant. I do think it's weird that Bob (who never ever watches BBC, or uses the website, or listens to BBC radio) but who has a telly has to pay the licence while Ann (who does listen to BBC radio all day, while noodling about on BBC websites, ) doesn't. Not only is there a loss of morale but you need to employ people to do the scrutinising, and then set up systems to gather evidence. Preventing someone over-claiming on biscuits and gasoline / petrol milage just added lots to cost and made people unhappy. See also (again in the UK) the many people entitled to some benefits who do not claim those. I believe (but have no evidence) that part of the reason is the vigorous scrutiny that people go through. This doesn't stop criminal gangs from making large sums of money from benefit fraud. There is a free market of competing insurance companies who will take Bob's money. People who have a tv "installed or used" must buy a licence, and can only buy it from one company, whether they use that company's product or not. Indeed, they need to pay the fee even if they intend to only ever use the product of the BBC's competitors. Non-payment of car insurance is handled by the police. Non-payment of tv licence is handled by a private company. The TVL database is the largest civilian database in the UK, with details of 30million addresses. Cost of enforcement has been used as a reason to scrap the licence fee, by a previous BBC director general (Greg Dyke.) While it's possible to kill people and cause a lot of damage on a push-bike it is considerably harder to do so than whilst driving a car. And the analogy breaks down further - I can listen to BBC radio all day; I can use the BBC website all day; I can even watch BBC tv programmes on the BBC video on demand service BBC iPlayer (so long as they are time-shifted and not live-streaming) without having to buy a licence. But as soon as I want to watch, for example, Sky, I need to pay the licence to BBC and pay a subscription to Sky. For your analogy: As soon as Ann passes her driving test and buys a Ford she needs to pay money to Chrysler to allow her to drive. (But all of my analogies suck!) > Calibre (ebook management software) Please, dear lord, someone fork this and fix the god awful user interface. I do, but there are plenty of people who want a gui but who hate the Calibre gui. And it is an awful awful interface. Not everyone can write a (trivial) bash script to do a batch conversion. Isn't there already a shortage of rare earth minerals, used to make strong magnets? Is that going to be a problem for extending uses of this outside a lab? But: really cool video. But what you did was not ethical, or sensible, or best practice; and was obviously going to get you into trouble. You're lucky you kept your job. There are ways you can raise concerns about security and yours was a bad way. I like the clear, easy to understand language. To satisfy school regulatory bodies you might want to have something labled "privacy policy" which lists relevant laws and your compliance. I'd stick the pricing somewhere more prominent. You're not sleazy or spammy, so let people know how you're funded so they don't have to think whether you're going to be selling ads. (I did have that thought until I found your pricing.) original story ( http://www.wsvn.com/features/articles/helpmehoward/MI93365/ ) summary: Woman buys phone for deaf / mute brother, puts him on her plan, he goes to Canada (from US) for two weeks and leaves data roaming on. Phone co claim to have sent warning texts; have cut bill to $2,500 with 6 months to pay. Wouldn't this be better on Stack Exchange? Also, there's a dive into python mirrored somewhere. try .ep.io Do they know how frustrating this is for some people? > A particular word might not appear on a page in your results if there is sufficient other evidence that the page is relevant. The evidence might come from language analysis that Google has done or many other sources. For example, the query [ overhead view of the bellagio pool ] will give you nice overhead pictures from pages that do not include the word 'overhead.' The title of the parent is not quite accurate either. Quoting a single word has been there for a while, and has always meant "Do not substitute this word; search for this word exactly". Where + meant "always include this word in the results". I really wish Google had an options page for less 'clever' searching: I want +, I want to "quote phrases", it'd be great if I could bracket some terms, and I don't want any substitutions. And I really don't want any of my terms silently dropped or subbed. Some data-processing is an intrinsic part of running a social networking site. That's not being complained about. What is being complained about is the secret data collection and processing that's happening without the user's permission or knowledge - visiting a page with a like button gives data about the user to Fb even if the user doesn't click the button. Fb then use that information to do stuff. Since the user has no way of knowing if a page he's about to visit will have a Fb like button or not; and the user probably doesn't realise that Fb will gather the data with no user interaction on the button; that seems like excessive collection and processing. >Nobody is forcing you to use Facebook. True, but that doesn't help the people who don't use Facebook but who still have data about them collected. I love this idea. There have been (for some time now) systems that focus a laser onto the user's retina, but they never took off. I really want one. This device is, unfortunately, quite pricey. And sadly it's not likely to become mainstream enough to drop out of the expensive industrial price band into consumer pricing. The article doesn't mention the huge number of adolescents using twinkle (and other tools) to make very many changes very quickly. Seeing editors being proud of the number of articles they've had deleted, or the number of reverts they've made, is pretty sickening. That's true, but it's alarming to think that (some) UK newspapers are deemed trustworthy just because they're in print. > I am getting tremendous value from using their site to interact with and stay connected with friends. What about the people who haven't signed up to Facebook, but who still have data about them logged? I see nothing mutual about that relationship. People tend not to complain about the stuff they've chosen to put online. People are complaining about the huge quantities of data that Facebook holds about you, with no option to stop them gathering or processing it, when they keep stuff that you've asked them to delete, and when they gather data about people who are not even signed in to Fb. Facebook is the offender for gathering all that un-needed personal data; and then for processing it; and then for selling it without the permission of the data-owner. To be clear: Gathering too much personal data, and holding it (even when the user has asked for it to be deleted) is itself an evil application , and that is why the EU has laws about it. Good Luck! White on bright blue hurt (not exaggerating) my eyes. There's a type on "Head into Matchmaking" - "no thanks if you'rE not" There's another type in 4, with an extra capital G. The section "Do your thing" has a funny picture, with "masterful strategy" written over a crude message. Have you ever signed up to dating sites as a woman? Have you got market research from women? Women are an important part of your market, and I suspect that they'd like to know there are rigorous controls to protect them from creeps. So, maybe add that information before the joke? (I just noticed that you do have info about a quality block, but that's hidden behind a roll-over image. It's a great feature! Don't hide it.) Good Luck! There's a little typo - "We use Oauth to look at the amount email in your inbox, nothing else." - missing OF after amount. On the learn more page there's an extra apostrophe - "email signature that let's other" It looks really neat. How do you deal with "out of office" situations, where people are likely to have full inboxes? ...but in the context (a children's book, teaching simple concepts of logic and math and programming) something that is intuitive is what's needed. (But thanks for the nice link!) > Is it evil to put the interests of the entire network above the interests of a small minority? How many people have a $GIVEN_NAME $FAMILY_NAME (in that order, with a neat space)? How many people have a real name that doesn't fit those neat boxes? Your "small minority" is pretty insulting. but what about people who do want to share their real identity with Google but who are banned from google? A terrible idea unless they fix the names issue first. ...except I actually am the worst coder in the room. :-( My zpg car race simulation will never be made. A Universal Handle for Shaving Razors. Device would consist of a really nice handle. This would have a socket for an attachment. There would be many attachments available. Each attachment would take one type of razor blade. Thus, the buyer would buy one nice handle, and a couple of attachments (for each blade type that they like). A box of donuts, and the opportunity to return someone's computer seems like a good deal. I guess you're just feeding the steal-macs-for-donuts outbreak though. At least donuts are kind f food and can't be translated to drugs or alcohol. I would pay a small sum to read / post to HN, especially if I can avoid ads. I don't care what they do with that money. I do not use an ad-blocker. I wouldn't if HN got ads, but it'd be a shame. > People have to click the ads for revenue to be made. Is that true? I remember someone saying that ad-blockers were evil because the website got revenue for views, not just clicks, and ad-blockers were killing that revenue. ( http://arstechnica.com/business/news/2010/03/why-ad-blocking... ) > There is an oft-stated misconception that if a user never clicks on ads, then blocking them won't hurt a site financially. This is wrong. Most sites, at least sites the size of ours, are paid on a per view basis. If you have an ad blocker running, and you load 10 pages on the site, you consume resources from us (bandwidth being only one of them), but provide us with no revenue. Because we are a technology site, we have a very large base of ad blockers. Opening a new pharmacy is a really nice opportunity. You get to see how things work at the moment; you get an idea of what a traditional business is like. You get to see the good things, but more importantly you get to see what sucks. That's great experience. Also - it's a lot of money. If you lived frugally you'd be able to save a lot of cash, and that's always useful. You never know when you'll need it,or what you'll need it for. But having a nice lump sum does make getting more money easier, and it makes startups easier. Packing up and moving is always possible. For sure, there are unpleasant things about it. Children lose touch with school friends, spouses have to change jobs, etc. But it's possible, and people do it all the time and they're not damaged by it. TL;DR - Do the pharmacy thing; Take note about good stuff and suckage, make sure to learn from it; save lots of cash; have lots of ideas and do lots of research; use cash and research for new fun stuff. Nothing on their short list is of any interest to me. My list would be something like: 1) Standards compliance. Validated HTML and CSS. 2) Don't force your design on my browser. Let me set fonts; colours; sizes; margins; etc. 3) Please god let flash die. 4) Allow me to pay a subscription to opt out of ads. 5) Simplify design. I'm usually interested in the content. Design often gets in the way of the content. There's probably a million more. Couldn't they have just grabbed info useful for law enforcement? Or installed malware useful for law enforcement? DuckDuckGo, ( http://duckduckgo.com/ ) especially with the !bang syntax. Not an alternative, but BlindSearch ( http://blindsearch.fejus.com/ ) is interesting. I want this "exact phrase" - which Google might auto-correct to something similar or may drop altogether if there's enough evidence the page they want to return is what I want, even if it does not have that exact phrase. I really want this +"exact phrase", and it must appear. I appreciate that Google works better for regular users now. But I'm struggling to cope with Google's changing search techniques. Combined with content farms; link farms; lousy quality web pages in general; a weird amount of ads and other un-wanted content (youtube, images, etc. Why bother with the tabs if they just get pushed on top of my search anyway?) There really truly is a niche for a different Google version for advanced users. Allow optional stemming, don't just automatically drop stemmed words in. Allow bracketing of terms +(this OR that) +(up OR down). etc etc etc. > Many companies are mapping the so-called payments genome to make more accurate predictive marketing decisions and improve fraud detection. Some vendors say their systems can be used to determine the products and services consumers will buy next. It's fascinating stuff, but I can't help feeling that they need to solve the problem of someone calling their bank, saying that they're going to $COUNTRY on $DAY, and please don't freeze the card; and then when a payment is attempted the card gets frozen. Because that's really annoying. I love stuff like this. I really hope keen engineering youth are able to get involved with building toy CPUs. Maybe not that complex, but enough to grasp what memory mapping and registers actually are. Anyone interested could read either: ( http://www.amazon.com/Code-Language-Computer-Hardware-Softwa... ) {the intro is too gentle for too long, then bamm it's too hard for many people.} ( http://www.amazon.com/Art-Electronics-Student-Manual/dp/0521... ) the student lab manual for the art of electronics. Probably best with AoE, which is showing its age but still excellent. Good Luck! I really like the idea of people testing stuff on small screens. I used an EEE pc 701 for a few years, and that has a tiny screen. Two tiny nitpicks: >A service to easily make screenshots of web pages in any screen size, as any device: iPhone©, iPad©, Android©, Nook©, PC, etc. Full Flash, JavaScript, CSS, & HTML5 support. This confused me until I realised what you're doing. It's not important, but maybe a copy editor could snap it up a bit? Also, your home button overlays "Browshot" title. ( http://imgur.com/iHOsZ ) TinyCore if you want minimal and hard work ( http://distro.ibiblio.org/tinycorelinux/welcome.html ) {Damn Small Linux is dead. TinyCore is sort of the result.} Puppy if you want, well, I dunno, but it has a loyal userbase ( http://puppylinux.org/main/Overview%20and%20Getting%20Starte... ) or there are a gajillion "minimal" versions of Ubuntu. CrunchBang is one, but there are many more. There was an IE for Unix. So there's some HPUX boxes that could have been running some version of IE. I have no idea what version it got to. I have never met anyone who used it. The quantities of CC'd addresses were kind of kook-like. There are better ways to challenge unjust laws than writing loser-length mail to people who are working lousy jobs with no power to change those laws. Thanks for this. I've joined. What I'd really like to see is "$NAME, like Hacker/Lamer news, but for book reviews". The submission has a title which is $BOOKNAME - $AUTHORNAME; then the post contains maybe a link to some online store selling it. (affiliate links are allowed). After that the first post is a review of the book. That allows people to upvote the book, but downvote the review (or vice versa.) Really, I should just buy some hosting and get my head round hackernews / lamernews. That reminded me of some of my favourite YouTube channels - ( http://www.youtube.com/user/CaptainElevator42189 ) ( http://www.youtube.com/user/gluse ) Just very many videos of people using elevators. I would definitely use it! I just know that I'm never going to get around to setting it up. So, if anyone else wants to they should. It's an interesting idea. There's a bunch of very hard, non-trivial stuff there. Has there been any good research on interviews? I have a hunch (with nothing to back it up) that some interviewers will make a yes / no decision very quickly, and will then post-rationalise that choice. What implications would existing research have? Also, there's existing tech such as "stress detection" which might be a useful start, for a tiny value of start. ...but some of those OSs (not necessarily talking about any of the BSDs here) are more like the Northern Hairy Nosed Wombats than a viable genetic pool. ( http://www.iucnredlist.org/apps/redlist/details/11343/0 ) I see lots of people giving a full 5 stars. Would results be better if people were more accurate, giving 3.5; 4; 4.5 or 5 stars? What happens if you ask people to rate 10 movies with either a thumbs up or thumbs down? Would that give better results? It's quite interesting, although I could see more use for it as part of other websites. EG: dating websites could use the tech to match people? Good Luck though! Key INsulated Signature Scheme: PDF: ( http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.63.7... ) > Abstract. In key-insulated cryptography, there are many private keys with different indexes and a single, fixed public key. When the trust model includes multiple Certification Authorities (CAs), it can be used to shorten the verification path and mitigate the damage caused by the compromise of a CA’s private key. Really, people will want more information to give better responses. See also users of MacBookPros who have a slightly more complex install than "Use unetbootin to burn the image to a USB stick, boot from that USB stick, install". >But he could've had the same result AND acknowledged the fact that millions of people have equally important life-threatening afflictions, He should do nothing to save himself until he's helped cure Cancer; TB; Malaria; HIV/AIDs; Starvation; Poor Sanitation; War; Earthquake prediction; etc etc? >that his is no more important I'm guessing (I don't know him) that it's more important to him and his loved ones. Does it matter, so long as you're writing standards compliant code? Look how much damage was caused by people trying to support the awful IE6 for years (still doing it too!)? (By damage I mean extra time, buginess, and bandwidth for extra CSS and javascript kludges). Why is it not viable to just say "The code is standards complaint, so any problems are at your end; use a better browser"? > for instance, a weight-loss ad to a person who just swiped their card at a fast-food chain This isn't always accurate. I know people with anorexia who buy diet products at the UK store "Boots", and who use their loyalty cards when they do so. Boots then sends them information about weight-loss plans; slimming medication; and so on. One can imagine similar happening with alcoholics. And I'd be interested to see how legal this is in Europe. It seems to be a clear breach of data protection laws. Summary: > Groupon's China venture posted a net loss of $46.4 million (£29 million) for the past nine months, generating only $2.1 million in revenue as it fights to gain dominance in the country's highly competitive group buying market. also > Groupon's global operations excluding GaoPeng recorded a net less of $214 million for the first nine months of the year, according to the securities filing. That happened despite its revenue reaching $1.1 billion, up from just $140 million in the same period a year ago. It's a great documentary, but... > And there are no half-measures: designers either love it or hate it. Gary Hustwit's artful film points this out, ...this kind of forced polarisation is common and annoying. The article is dull, contrarian, and oddly ignorant. Title of news paper article == "FIZZY DRINKS MAKE TEENAGERS VIOLENT" Last sentences of news paper article == ""There may be a direct cause-and-effect-relationship, perhaps due to the sugar or caffeine content of soft drinks. "However there may be other factors, unaccounted for in our analyses, that cause both high soft drink consumption and aggression."" Frustrating that the people doing the research are being cautious about the cause / effect relationship and that's being ignored by the reporter. At least the newspaper mentions the journal, even though they don't link to it. Here's a useful URL for procrastinators. Weirdly they've made it so long that people needing help probably won't get around to reading it. ( http://writingcenter.unc.edu/resources/handouts-demos/writin... ) One suggestion is to build in a finish condition before you start. That at least allows you to not feel guilty frustrated / angry when you reach that point. Then post-mortem the project to see what you learnt and what can be applied. Another suggestion is to find a small easy bit of OSS to fix and brush up. I also meant to say that I have ideas for a dozen toy projects that I have little hope of coding (and none of paying to be coded) but which I would use. So let me know if you want a list. I buy, play, then sell games. Steam does not let me do this; thus those games are more expensive to me. I do not buy Steam games. A better analogy is "the second hand book market really short changes the book publishers (or authors)". Here's a stack exchange question about retail boxed games with Steam activation: ( http://gaming.stackexchange.com/q/30550/11676 ) >I finished both games and I was thinking of reselling them or giving them to a friend to play. However, these are both Steam activated games that had a required Steam registration code I had to enter -- and validate on Steam -- as part of the installation. Here's the website for CEX - a UK shop - with second hand PC games: ( http://uk.webuy.com/product.php?sortOn=sellprice_desc&mo... ) Stellarium is very good. The difference is that StarWalk uses accelerometers and GPS to provide augmented reality - you hold the iPhone / iPad up and point it at a constellation and the display shows what you're looking at. Stellarium (at least, when I was using it) does not do this. I love this. It's fascinating to see what's stayed right from the early days. (Not in a "legacy on legacy on legacy on DOS" or "Ripped from Lisa" troll-fest either.) What I'd be really interested in now is a timeline of ideas that got dropped, and why, and what modern Windows would be like if they had stayed. It's a source of shame to me that Alan Turing was treated so appallingly during his lifetime; and that Bletchley Park has had to struggle for years to preserve important history. That page was the first (of many) listed by price, highest first. They have over 3,000 games in stock. People buy them; people sell them. The people selling them know that they can risk cash on a new game; if it's bad they can sell it secondhand and buy something else. Stopping sales of secondhand games (which is something that some people want to do; and is something that is clearly happening) stiffs the customer. You buy the right to use the content, but you may never ever transfer that right. This desire to restrict what people can do with content is baffling to most customers yet rife within industry. When Disney were shown domestic video players they were worried that you could not tell how many people were in the room watching the video; how could you charge people to watch a movie if you didn't know how many people were watching it? See also their attempts to create a "watch once" video. And all this inconvenience to real customers - people who want to buy games (and who need to sell them second hand to afford it) has zero impact on pirates. I suspect (but have no evidence) that it doesn't send any money to the people creating the games either. An odd idea. I have "some" feeds and getting those emailed to me would suck, unless I went back to using a real email client. And even then, it'd be pretty lousy. >I also added a small aluminum heatsink I had to the south bridge – the chip is under the speaker box, and there was enough space, so why not. Because you're blocking airflow in an already confined space, thus helping kill the machine? > and I haven’t seen anyone do anything like this, hmmm, people with an EEE PC 701 4G sometimes would add shims to the single massive aluminum heatsink under the keyboard, to help with heat and prevent (as you mention) flexing keyboards. I'd be interested to see what you could do with copper mesh and copper sheet - that'd avoid the need for drilling. (I mean this politely, but your drilling was AWFUL!!) 1) Where does the other 50% go? And what "cancer research"? A recognised charity? 2) It's a simple message, but that means it's not quite accurate. The people making the product make a profit (noe of which goes to cancer research); the people selling the product make a profit (none of which goes to cancer research); so really it's only 50% of the affiliate fees that go to cancer research, right? 3) the mix of different colours is weird and jarring. (And yes, I appreciate that compared to Amazon's own website being jabbed in the eye with a stick is more pleasant.) There's red, grey, blue, black; then the links blue and purple. 4) I dislike the dropshadow on the curecart sign. I thought my eyes had gone funny. Good Luck though, it's a neat idea. I'm not participating, but I've been working on some how to's for some minor linuxes. I need a good style guide, and recommendations for technical writing books. >I don't see the relevancy of the StackExchange question at all. The parent asked "Who sells PC games anyway?" The stack exchange question is from someone who wanted to sell / give away retail boxed games with Steam activation. Is there no prior art? Nintendo DS was released in 2004; all those PDAs prior to that, and there's no scribble to unlock? Or is the finger the novel aspect? You've read this, yes? ( http://www.privacy.gov.au/business ) I do. I have something like 500 DVDs which I've bought. I pirate some DVDs because for me that's less illegal than buying a DVD from a different region and making my DVD a region free player. (Pirating a DVD means the content owner can sue me for a loss of a sale; the cost of the DVD plus legal costs. Cracking region-locking on my DVD player is a criminal offence.) Has anyone done an audit for all the websites of the supporters of this act? I remember some recent HN article about someone (German politician?) who had used a photo without permission on his website. Lily Allen has spoken out about piracy, but used then distributed music via her blog. > it's not like energy is prohibitively expensive here in Texas... This kind of wilful inefficiency is killing US businesses. Do you have any examples please? >riddled with superfluous explanations How do you know they are superfluous? How do you know they weren't added over the years as they became needed after people did stuff? > Rafa claimed to have lost around 20 thousand US dollars in cash and valuables that was in a bag What the fuck? I don't want to blame the victim here, but really, what the fuck? For online communities I recommend meatball wiki ( http://meatballwiki.org/wiki/ ) ...stop using grey text on bright white background? (And really stop using light grey text on mid grey background. That's just craziness.) > For instance, if you go hang out in your local university's maths (or physics) department There's the trans-gendered (male to female) mathematician who'd disagree. She says that when she used to give talks (as a male) she got respect, but now people say things like "Her brother was better" not realising it's the same person. Except they do not know that she has had any surgery. As far as they know she's just a she, and that is the only reason she gets less respect. (I'm trying to find the article, which is hard because there's many transgendered mathematicians.) The Register article links to three other sources. Here they are in clicky form. ( http://www.wired.com/wiredscience/2011/10/copiale-cipher-cra... ) ( http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2011-10/uosc-csc10241... ) > To break the Copiale Cipher, Knight and colleagues Beáta Megyesi and Christiane Schaefer of Uppsala University in Sweden tracked down the original manuscript, which was found in the East Berlin Academy after the Cold War and is now in a private collection. They then transcribed a machine-readable version of the text, using a computer program created by Knight to help quantify the co-occurrences of certain symbols and other patterns. ( http://stp.lingfil.uu.se/%7Ebea/copiale/ ) > The “Copiale Cipher” is a 105 pages manuscript containing all in all around 75 000 characters. Beautifully bound in green and gold brocade paper, written on high quality paper with two different watermarks, the manuscript can be dated back to 1760-1780. Apart from what is obviously an owner's mark (“Philipp 1866”) and a note in the end of the last page (“Copiales 3”), the manuscript is completely encoded. The cipher employed consists of 90 different characters, comprising all from Roman and Greek letters, to diacritics and abstract symbols. Catchwords (preview fragments) of one to three or four characters are written at the bottom of left–hand pages. Honeypots would be great - they'd sort out lots of problems. But there's still the problem of people submitting lousy articles; or submitting blogs / reports about an article instead of the original article. These aren't just new users either. Some of them are established long time users. Some way of sorting those would be useful. >Sometimes people upvote to save a submission, Isn't this what bookmarks are for? > Having five times the same (tech gossip) news on the first two pages is annoying Especially when they're all to blogs with sloppy / link-bait / contrarian reporting of the same source article which is usually more interesting. > the article by theregister is complete nonsense The Register is awful. Linking to them for this article is especially bad because the sources are so easily available. The error about machine translation occurs because members of the team doing this work are recognised experts in machine translation. The job ad is awful. Maybe they do not mean to be discriminatory; but that doesn't matter. Any woman applying for, but not getting, the job can then point to the ad and ask if she was discriminated against because of her sex. The hassle of dealing with that will sap time and resources from actual work. > You are a native english speaker (our tech relies on speech recognition) This sentence is also unwise in the UK. Frustrating title - they're not talking about customers complaining about service or product. Rather, they're talking about whining, bitching, moaning, grumbling, to fellow cow-orkers. > Ten to twenty hours a month is a lot of time to waste Sometimes not working isn't waste, it makes active working more productive. And 20 hours a month is nothing. I've been in jobs where most people would waste easily 10 hours per week with no effort. (Just as working at someone else's startup is useful experience: you should try working minimum wage at an established firm to see how they do things wrong.) To address the article: there's not much you can do about people constantly moaning. Telling them to "fuck off" causes more trouble than it's worth; you can't really ignore them; they are toxic but what can be done? > having the customer send you an email [...] is a great opportunity to try to sell them something else or even answer a survey question etc. Wow. That wouldn't go down well with me. Slowbans are not exotic - ( http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2011/06/suspension-ban-or-h... ) >A slowbanned user has delays forcibly introduced into every page they visit. From their perspective, your site has just gotten terribly, horribly slow. And stays that way. They can hardly disrupt the community when they're struggling to get web pages to load. There's also science behind this one, because per research from Google and Amazon, every page load delay directly reduces participation. Get slow enough, for long enough, and a slowbanned user is likely to seek out greener and speedier pastures elsewhere on the internet. But yeah; this kind of thing could easily be placebo effect. Look at the number of people who need help to burn an image to CD or USB stick. Or who need help to tell their BIOS to boot from USB before HD. no privacy policy? Down-voters: the policy link was added after my comment. The policy is excellent. Short, clear, understandable. Why is the text for the word "privacy" such a dark grey (#262626) on the black background? I have no idea if HN uses slowbans or not. I'm curious if this kind of youthful money making is still possible. It tends to be much rarer in the UK anyway, but I'm pretty sure there are a gajillion petty bureaucracies that would stop it - working age laws; minimum wage laws; tax / benefit laws; insurance; health and safety; etc etc etc. But, see also "The inexplicable war on lemonade stands" which is also happening in the US. ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/erikkain/2011/08/03/the-inexplic... ) I want you to fix my problem. If something is broken enough that I need to contact you then, in my mind, your only priority is to get me working again. Associating your other products with the faults I've found in the product I'm using might be a sub-optimal marketing strategy. I was reading the "My Dad taught me cash flow" ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3167630 ) article and I thought "I bet kids couldn't do that in the UK." So I had a quick search, and it turns out that some places in the US are cracking down. But why? What is the risk here? I'm not asking about the actual risk, but what the perceived risk is from 7 year olds selling lemonade at 25c per cup. For sure, have the barriers for actual businesses to prevent people using illegal labor or unclean premises or etc etc etc. But it makes no sense to apply it to 7 year olds selling a bit of lemonade over a couple of weekends! This is potentially a really good idea. But how do I tell people about it? From the TOS: >You shall not [...](iii) create Internet "links" to the Service Why are kids not allowed to sell lemonade but are allowed to mow lawns? What makes you think that children will be allowed to use dangerous machinery if they're not allowed to sell some drinks? > Another point I'll make is that both lemonade stands and paper routes are basically dead-end. That's a good point, but you would only want the child to do the stand for a weekend or so, or maybe a couple of weeks over a summer, to teach them simplistic stuff about adding value, and making profit. I'm pretty sure that what he thinks is a big, unwieldy, dataset is trivial for the TLAs to data-mine. (How big is his data? I'm about to web-search for it). He provides photographs, but has he stripped the meta data? I note that he's an artist, not a computer scientist, and that he may be blissfully unaware of the amount of computing and programming power available to government. He does have a good point when he mentions that monitoring good guys means more false positives and more missed opportunities to monitor bad guys. And he does make a good point in the last few paragraphs; privacy advocates are horrified by some of the things happening at Google / Facebook / Twitter / etc; but these services are very very popular. Why do people give up these freedoms so willingly? Surgeons are expected to learn by doing; they're just very heavily supervised when they start on live people and they spend time on grapefruit, dead pigs, and dead people first. Reading about a new technique is great. Applying that technique is how a surgeon would learn to do it. If you want to earn fame you could write a nice GUI to wrap around the command line tool (ebook-convert) from Calibre to allow people to do batch conversion of ebooks from one format to another. Many people dislike the Calibre look and feel, and some of those people aren't sure about simple bash scripting. I recently submitted an article about lemonade stands. Most of the discussion was political. I was disappointed - I thought people could talk about ways to promote entrepreneurship or to teach basic concepts like added value. So, I apologise. I try hard not to respond to any political posts. Now I can downvote I might consider downvoting those. I avoid anything that mentions Apple, or MS, or often Linux, especially if they're in the same thread. These threads could be great, but often they're content free bickering. I upvote good information. I will consider downvoting flaming. I haven't submitted many articles. I notice some people submit very many articles - 10 per day. I don't know if there's some way to nudge people into only subbing good articles. Maybe once they've got over twenty submissions they need an average score of X (for the subs) before they can sub any more?? I'd also welcome more power given to people with high karma scores (and maybe high average scores (although I realise there are some problems with average karma)) to have super downvotes, or downvotes for submissions, or some such. > 2) A full-featured API that would allow members of the community to have more control over how much of HN they view and participate in. That's nice, but the problem is that those people then don't know just how bad the stuff they're ignoring has got. Maybe they'll start to notice some churn in users; they'll notice that a favourite commenter is no longer around, or that there are many newer members who are creating odd posts. And then BAMN - HN is suddenly worthless. I would like to see more people linking to the original source article, rather than a blog about that article. (As per the guidelines.) Often the blog is silly or inflammatory or pointless. Some method of de-duping might be useful. I visit new and upvote good articles. I also visit ( http://news.ycombinator.com/noobstories ) and flag a lot of submissions. I agree about "Be the change you want to see". Reasons for down voting would quickly end up in many arguments. [downvote] [comment about reason] [what? you missed the point] [no, you said this] [no, read it again] [you can't write] [you can't read] [your an idiot?] [you're a bigger idiot] > Klout is so bad at measuring anything approximating influence that it's more of a scam than a real problem > they're able to sell it to people who are even more clueless than themselves. That's why it's a problem! Those clueless people use it for hiring decisions, or other stupid reasons. CODE is good, but there's a weird disjoint between the very slow start (really, the stuff with light switches and relays goes on for much too long) and the suddenly much harder late section. Original article: ( http://gawker.com/5520339/mac-genius-slams-his-google-job ) Which quotes a little chunk from the book Coders at Work ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/Coders-Work-Reflections-Craft-Progra... ) (Anyway I can trim that amazon URL into something nicer without using url-shorteners?) I post this here not for discussion of politics - which is almost always tedious on HN, but because there are a bunch of smart people, and I want to know their ideas for solving some of these problems. It was useless on my MacBookPro (with Chrome) because the menu bar was white text, on a white background. And some white text had over-written the title. And a bunch of other stuff. I'd love to think that humans would go to the moon again, or Mars, but ( http://physics.ucsd.edu/do-the-math/2011/10/why-not-space/ ) shows that it's not likely. 600 km is a little bit more than LA to San Francisco. Wikipedia has some rumour: > Bill Gates saw the success of Turbo Pascal "in very personal terms, and 'couldn't understand why [Microsoft's] stuff was so slow. He would bring in poor Greg Whitten [programming director of Microsoft languages] and yell at him for half an hour.' He couldn't understand why Kahn had been able to beat an established competitor like Microsoft." It's certainly possible that someone was using TurboPascal (discontinued mid 90s) at same time as VisualC or the early version of MS C. For people who care there are big differences between "free" and "open" and other similar terms. BSDs are open source, and free as in beer, but there have been years-long flame wars between RMS (and FSF advocates) and Theo de Raadt (and BSD advocates). Stallman may say that free software has not been successful when people use the term Linux instead of GNU/Linux. (and yes, I am aware that there exist Linux Kernels without GNU userlands.) I hope you give a couple of prototypes to Richard Clark for testing. ( http://www.cl.cam.ac.uk/~rnc1/ ) ( http://www.lightbluetouchpaper.org/ ) Yes; thanks for the correction. I'm not sure where my confusion came from. ( http://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html ) > I think racism is about as far from a relevant issue as you can get. Honestly, the people who get bent out of shape about it are just as backwards as the few people who are still actually racist. Haven't you just killed your company with this comment? Good Luck with any job interviews your company gives in the future. You appear to have left them open to claims of racist discrimination. Richard CLAYTON, not clark. The post said that people who get bent out of shape about racism are backwards. Imagine the company not hiring a non-white interviewee, and that person doing thorough research. That comment is findable in search engines. k33n has left himself open to accusations of racism, and put his company at risk of lawsuits. ( http://news.locr.co ) ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3183553 ) ( http://arxiv.org/ ) Old: +apples +oranges New: "apples" "oranges" Google do a remarkable job at accurately guessing what most people want from a bunch of search terms. It's not always right, but still, it is impressive. Or try DuckDuckGo. Please can I draw your attention to this Stack Exchange question, about Google Chrome blocking (as a potential phishing site) a question on Security Stack Exchange? ( http://meta.stackoverflow.com/questions/110081/question-on-s... ) If Google is blocking a site would that affect their ranking? To me the worst was when Google would just silently drop a search term. I was getting a page of hits with none of them having one of my terms anywhere. Google really needs to give a secret power user page, where there are no word substitutions or dropping. But, like I say, that's not most people. For most people the fact that Google can search for C++ or can tell the difference between some words or can include useful alternates for search terms is fantastic. sharp drop in alexa rankings in 2q 2011 - ( http://meta.stackoverflow.com/q/110788/167162 ) >Both Stack Overflow and The Hyphenated Site (EE) sites are affected, EE in fact goes way down and Super User also notices a drop after reaching a record in the same time while Stack Overflow goes sharply down Obviously, Alexa sucks, and all web stats suck. The PCB is beautiful. Remembering that it was designed by hand - someone had a sheet of acetate and Letraset(tm) pads and crepe tape. I'd be really interested to see how a modern auto-router would cope with the rat's nest files. I know a few people who used to work for Loot, the free ads paper. People would call if there was an error in their ad. Companies who had paid for their ads were almost always calm and polite, people who got a free ad for a small value item were sometimes very rude or aggressive. It is weird. The UK situation with cigarettes might be useful to look at. Cigarettes are legal to buy for anyone over the age of 18 (was 16 until feb 2011). Average price per pack of 20 is between £5.50 and £7; most of that is (Over 80%) tax. High local prices, easy access to cheap foreign cigs (France is a couple of hours away and hypermarkets exist to sell alcohol and cigs to English day-trippers) mean that very many (1 in 5) cigarettes (and half of all hand rolling tobacco) smoked in the UK are smuggled or counterfeit. Worse, there's money to be made for criminal gangs smuggling counterfeit cigs. Cannabis is easy to grow. I support legalisation. But I am worried by the fact that criminal gangs already grow and distribute cannabis in the UK (sometimes using forced trafficked labour); by the possible harm to mental health; and by the weird culture of binge drinking and underage drinking in UK and how that would transfer to drug use. UK annual tax income: ( http://www.the-tma.org.uk/tma-publications-research/facts-fi... ) Over 80% VAT and duties: ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/budget/8401996/Budget-201... ) Video report about blatant selling of smuggled cigs: ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-13101212 ) Organised crime in Scotland and their involvement in smuggled tobacco (with 1 in 5 and half of all hand rolling tobacco claim: ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-12219726 ) Cultural Note: The UK has one cable provider - Virgin Media, which also provides TV. The other major company is Sky, which is a tv company providing broadband Internet. Many UK tv channels are now available as Video on Demand; some of the "catch up" features (eg, BBC iPlayer, 4OD) are free. This 17 GB average includes TV. It would have been more interesting to see that number split out into different types of data. Why do hard-drives, in a small home server, need cooling fans? Often not as low power as these modern tiny machines. But yeah; fitting FreeNAS on an old PC is easier than on something like SheevaPlug. You're seriously asking people to put their passwords into a 3rd party website?? How many have done so, just out of interest? Thank you for the clarification! I'd be interested to see the results of giving students something like "Learn Python the hard way" in a classroom situation. The tutor would try to avoid giving answers, but would guide students in discussions into getting the answers for themselves; maybe eventually showing them how to search and find answers. As gcb says, advanced learners will benefit from building a computer and using assembly language. But this is not something you could do with general students. > So a company comes along and says: Listenting to you guys isn't working, so we're going to try something else. Sure, that's a valid way to work. He should have started off by saying that, rather than building a large, vocal, community and then ignoring them. Better communication would probably have solved many problems for them. A canned FAQ with, as you say, details of why they're doing stuff would have helped. More importantly, links to instructions for removing Unity and installing other environments would have been good. But that would have opened another problem: Installing Gnome 2.x is only going to be viable short term. Dependencies will start to break more and more stuff until users are forced to upgrade. Really, Gnome should have forked and had a stable 2.x release with gentle bug fixing, and a renamed 3 release with fun new features. > Because rather then there being many great distros to choose from and play with there is now really only one. I really don't understand this comment. There are very many other distributions, covering a wide range of needs. - Fedora, Mageia, Sabyon, and Mint Debian : nice desktops, easy to use - Arch, Gentoo, LFS : suitable for power users and tinkering - Slitaz, TinyCore, Puppy : minimal, configurable etc etc. None of these are based on Ubuntu. Good grief please don't suggest crunchbang for new users!! Unless it's used as a transition for a clueful, but new to Linux, user who's going to learn a bit and then move to a different distribution. (Probably Arch or Tiny Core, if you're suggesting CrunchBang.) 43% in Italian taxes? That kind of sucks. He needs an accountant to give advice about (legally) reducing the tax burden to something more reasonable. In the UK someone would start a company, and be an employee of that company with a wage, and make themselves the only shareholder, and then an accountant would say "pay yourself some dividends now". At least that's what people used to do, but I guess it's been stopped now. I think I'm getting confused IR35, which made contracting less attractive. Giving you the option to allow the app to do the grunt work is fine. But just doing it, without asking, (and without an option to turn it off?) is just slimey and stupid. Some of this is politics, and thus usually lousy for HN. But the extreme level of violence and abuse; coupled with effective Internet action, makes it a mildly interesting HN topic. Cultural note: what's the point of the statute of limitations? Why does not being caught for five years make it ok to beat the shit out of a vulnerable young woman / girl ? ( http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/lwurz/family_law_judge_... ) ( http://edition.cnn.com/2011/11/02/justice/texas-video-beatin... ) ( https://www.facebook.com/pages/Dont-Re-Elect-Judge-William-A... ) He won't be charged, even though he admits he did it, he was caught on video doing it: ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/nov/03/texas-judge-will... ) Honestly, anyone writing a better Calibre would be loved. Fame and Glory (and maybe even small sums of money) await. BBC news has some articles: ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-15534614 ) Hard drives also need rare earth minerals for the magnets, and there are going to be greater shortages of those over coming years. ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3199712 ) Do you know any programming? Or is your experience only with HTML / CSS? Maybe start with " Learn Python the Hard Way " ( http://learnpythonthehardway.org/ ) See how you do with that. I learnt a lot about PNG from that, thank you. What is a sane solution for users without clue? Does the website just need a good PNG optimizer and hope nothing breaks too bad, and if it does it's only an image? 1) Consider getting an assessment for ADD / ADHD / etc. 2) Stop drinking caffeine for at least a week, see if that makes any difference. 3) Sort out sleep - do a web search for "Sleep Hygiene" and see if that helps. (Do you snore? Do you have sleep apnea? Get that checked, it can be dangerous. But if you don't, well, lack of sleep affects concentration.) 4) Learn a good note taking system. People seem to like the "Cornell notes" method. There are many templates around. This means you'll be concentrating on what's being spoken, and writing stuff down in a useful way, and not distracting yourself with other stuff. 4a) Take notes on paper, not on computer, unless you really need computer. Avoiding computers means you avoid solitaire / facebook status checking / HN / etc. 5) BrainGym is some bullshit nonsense but it's used quite a lot in UK schools. Even though it is nonsense you could try a few of the exercises, because i) short breaks do help and ii) placebo effect. I've read stuff from liberal arts graduates that was just as bad as the example, if not worse. See the trend in the late 70s, 80s and early 90s for "freedom" and "creativity" without "stiffling" grammar and spelling rules. > I have heard precisely zero engineers, doctors, lawyers or professionals speak about their degree making them a more "well rounded" person. English universities talk at length about the personal development benefits of the university experience, even for people reading maths or sciences or engineering. That's 512 MB of RAM, not storage. You could run FreeNAS (v7, not sure about later) on that. Not sure if it's worth it for a single drive device. What does it do? It's a headless computer, in a tiny form factor that sits on the mains socket, with a drive bay. You use it for whatever you'd use a tiny headless computer for. The low power requirements make "always on" acceptable; thus things like torrenting or file serving or etc etc are okay. Compare this tiny low-power device running a Linux distribution for file serving with that old desktop - bigger, uglier, hotter, more power hungry. You'd have to have clueful users or be really careful, because this ... a way to share files in a group. I can take my little NAS to a meeting and have people connect wirelessly and grab or share files with everyone else in the meeting. ...seems like a really good way to spread malware, or lose confidential data. Some research suggests that even knowing that something is a placebo doesn't stop it from "working". With BrainGym you need to realise (it's pretty obvious) that it's nonsense, but maybe just taking a short break every now and again and doing some "exercises" will be useful, for some reason not connected to all the nonsense that braingym comes out with. I would use a site if it was clean and simple, and allowed me to search for books, and was better than searching Amazon, and it returned a list of places where I could buy that book, and a list of formats. I don't turn ads off, but I would much prefer ads that are not Flash. I wouldn't mind if the site used affiliate links. I really would not like "social network" integration. If it was really good (very clean and simple and effective search and clean lists) I'd be prepared to pay a small fee to subscribe, but it would have to be a small fee. Amazon is very good at shipping product, but the website is horrid. For a bright student with no programming experience their first go should be something like Learn Python the Hard Way; with a clueful person around to give guidance. (Not to answer questions, but to push the student to ask the right questions in search engines). Once they've done that they're set up for K&R, etc. I get the impression that the development environment is invisible to programmers because it's just there. But imagine someone handed you K&R and asked to to write and compile a program. What compiler would you download? How would you install it? Where would you go for help? ---EDIT--- the child comment shows my next paragraph is pretty stupid. (In my defence I was remembering a time before Google would know what C or C++ meant; and before students had Internet access during lessons.) The other concept that beginners have trouble with in C is "how do I know the names of the functions that I'm supposed to use to do stuff? How do I know what displays text on the screen? How do I know what reads keyboard input?". Code is pretty much explaining machine code. Is there a process of iterative refinement for any of these books? Perhaps a useful idea would be some kind of version control system; allowing people to fix errors, trim needless fluff, and improve examples. This could be funded by schools and by philanthropic grants. > First year university physics courses often review a substantial amount of high-school material to correct fundamental mistakes in students understanding of the basics. Partly this is because physics is hard and people use analogy or simplified models. These are fine for high-school understanding, but more advanced students need correct understanding. It's trivially easy for you to greylist everything, and trawl through that everyday, and whitelist what you want and blacklist the rest. Anything whitelisted is automatically whitelisted forever. Anything blacklisted is automatically blacklisted for ever. The problem comes when spammers forge From headers which leads to: -1: Very many emails in the greylist everyday -2: False positives if they use a From that you've previously accepted (ie that person gets infected) -3: False negatives if you get a spam that you reject which was sent from an address that you really want whitelisted. Some of the failure modes are similar to challenge-response systems. I'm interested to hear ideas from smart, entrepreneurs about this scheme. There are plenty of light distributions - TinyCore; LFS; Arch; Gentoo; and so on. "Interactive installs" are not great for users. You end up with dependency hell; or users aren't clueful about the difference between a KDE and Gnome environment. Sane defaults, and allowing people to uninstal stuff, are better for most users. There are other distributions which claim to be small, and which are cut down versions of Ubuntu (usually) but which are actually quite large. See, for example eeebuntu (now called auroraos) which installed a bunch of OpenOffice language stuff, but not OO itself. Fedora prides itself on being Free software. That includes their repositories. Fedora has no interest in "non free" repositories. This is useful if you only want FOSS software. It's not so great if you want to play DVD or MP3 - you need to use a 3rd party repository and install extra stuff. Fedora is sponsored and supported by Red Hat. That gives them a bit of stability that other distributions may not have. He was talking about Ubuntu. Are you suggesting that Ubuntu is not aimed at ordinary users? > The thing I don't like about Ubuntu is that they take the kitchen sink approach [. . .] > Is this stuff worth writing a book about? You tell me! Jesus Christ I feel sorry for the (team of) editor(s) that book will need. > There is probably an expectation that even a free app should work perfectly well. I'm disappointed that this appears to be an unreasonable expectation. Debt Bondage is real. People are not lining up out the door to replace people in debt-bondage slavery. ( http://www.ilo.org/global/topics/forced-labour/lang--en/inde... ) But people who say "fucking" happily call any sub-optimal software "fucking useless", even when it only has minor flaws. Apple multi-touch pads are less fun when your one year old child swipes his hand over it, changing god knows what and you having no idea how to get everything back. Link to original press release ( http://europa.eu/rapid/pressReleasesAction.do?reference=MEMO... ) Quick summary:- - The existing laws date back to 1995 - They need updating - Recommendations are going to be made before Jan 2012 - EU law is needed because data travels so easily across borders - Companies wishing to deliver services to Europeans should obey EU law, or be prevented from supplying those services -- Customers must be in charge of their data -- Customers must give explicit consent before their data is used I know a few people who turn their Facebook profile on and off. (Depending on how mentally stable and well they feel at the time.) So long as Facebook offers two options and makes it really clear - [this is our normal 'hide your profile'][This will really delete everything. No, really, are you sure?] I've seen lots of these with single machines dunked in a fishtank. This is the first I've seen with many machines submerged. I'd be interested to see the results of long term testing. I'm guessing that big data centres avoid this because it's just so messy; at what point do cost savings from cooling over-ride inconvenience of dripping oil everywhere. A final nitpick: the website is a bit frustrating, and could do with some better design, and much better photographs. > Identified is a professional social network for adults younger than 30, > What Identified hopes to do is create a rich and engaging dialog between young job aspirants based on their personal and professional data, and the ever-evolving needs of potential employers It is not legal to discriminate based on age for jobs in the UK. I'm gently curious about the situation in other countries (but I can read wikipedia) but I'm really curious about whether they've fully thought this through - would an employer using this service have to show that they've tried other methods which brought them into contact with older applicants? CSS uses -webkit-text-size-adjust: none; It is very annoying. > It is also inconceivable that a University group like this would do that—If they did they would all be in serious trouble. What? It is trivially easy to find awful research from universities. I've been involved (as a lay member of a research review panel) with university students who want to do clinical research. They come to the RRP with a proposal, and we walk through it and point out where they might have problems. It is amazing how many groups ignore things like small sample sizes or double blinding or control groups etc. Those are all basics that any student should have been aware of. And then there are the more subtle things like anonymising data or getting proper consent. Having said all that, this news release link ( http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bright-light-into-th... ) gives more information about methodology. Note that they're researching SAD, which is not depression, and is rarer. Most people with depression don't show great results from light boxes. ( http://www.w3.org/html/logo/ ) under 3d and effects: > Between SVG, Canvas, WebGL, and CSS3 3D features, you're sure to amaze your users with stunning visuals natively rendered in the browser. > If you really care, get involved. There's little chance to get involved with Unity. Shuttleworth has made it clear that he's playing his benevolent dictator card. > Canonical is genuinely trying to make linux the most user friendly it's ever been and make it ready for real mass adoption. Maybe. Unity is probably great for touch screen interfaces. Similar layouts have been tried on small screens - netbooks for example. I guess the people with 2 huge monitors (and all the Linux tinkering that involves) aren't the people who need Unity; and they're probably already using something else. (Something entirely keyboard driven or minimal or whatever.) > Write some code. Yes, "show me the code" is a powerful message. Even if there's little room for involvement in Unity there are many other window managers and desktop environments that'd welcome people getting involved; whether that's with bug-fixing or feature implementing or language translations or documentation. You're right. These are all people who should know how to conduct a sensible study. I haven't seen it, so I don't know if it's good or poor or complete rubbish. It's also trivially easy to find doctors who are idiots and wingnuts who believe obvious nonsense. > Frankly, I'm not even sure it's possible to "drive off teh road to a new place" when it comes to desktop UX Sure it is. 3d file managers[1] never took off. With todays hardware they'd be a lot nicer to use. Users have been limited to quite small (sorry about my incorrect terminology here, I'm going to go read some man pages) total virtual screen size within which their windows were located. Now graphics cards, and system memory, are huge; this leads to possible radical new interfaces. Imagine a "Zoomable UI" - documents open in their own full size window; any document opens in its own window tiled next to it; the user can zoom in as far as they like to do detail work, or out as far as they like to organise all these documents. Programs would open toolbars in their own windows. Any toolbar would be able to work on any document (because it's Unix, so all input and output is text, right?) - but the result wouldn't necessarily make any sense. That's not particularly radical; tiling WMs exist already. [1] ( http://nooface.net/3dui.shtml ) {my favourite is FSV.} Because Gnome is breaking traditional Gnome workflows; Gnome 2.xx is only going to work for so long before dependency hell sets in; and Gnome 3 has some of the same problems for users as Unity. > They can't directly compete with Apple and Microsoft, so experimenting with what Linux can be specialized in or how to make it unique are worth disappointing a few users, To me this feels a bit like what Opera has churned through - first you pay; then you pay to get rid of ads (or not); then it's got great CSS (which is rigidly compliant but makes some sites look weird); then it's free; then it's got versions for mobile technology; then it's got social stuff built in; etc etc. Opera is a great browser. Unfortunately, not many people know that it's a great browser, because they use IE or Safari or Ff or Chrome. Facebook does get a lot of criticism from users when it changes UI. I think the difference is that you only read that if you're already using Facebook. All the furore about $LATEST_CHANGE_IN_OS is written on blogs, and that gets read by people trying to decide whether they're going to go for some Linux distribution. Many Linux distributions aren't very good at "elevator pitches", and most users are too lazy to plough through a bunch of wiki pages to find out just why Mandriva is different from Mageia. I used to live in a small village with a "party line".[1] People would know if you just picked up the handset, but you could put the phone on a bowl to listen in on other people's calls. [1] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Party_line_(telephony) ) Yes, 3d file managers were ugly, and hard to use, and didn't really serve any purpose. But with modern hardware, and with a better HID, and with a better analogy / paradigm / idea, they could come back and be useful. I don't know what that meaningful use for the 3rd dimension would be, but I'm pretty sure there is one. (The tactile screenshot is awful. It appears to show a bunch of stuff ordered by name. The TDFSB2 screenshot shows someone "walking" through their home/leo/jpeg directory, with all the jpegs being displayed. Remember that these are tinkering toys, and that things like mice or GUIs were initially weird and horrid. Maybe getting a bunch of smart people working on them would generate useful results?) I love Markov Chains. See also the Usenet hoax / experiment "Mark V Chaney". ... and they knew it was going to happen, because of the annoyance that KDE caused when they went to KDE 4.0, and the number of people that moved from KDE to other desktop environments. Gentle iteration (改善) is fine, and complete overhaul is fine, but the combination of killing off the old version and introduction of workflow-breaking new versions; with a supposedly community driven project ignoring many users has been very frustrating for some users. Is he smart? Try "Learn Python the Hard Way". Let him struggle with it a bit, and let him learn to ask the right questions, and let him learn to use search engines to get the answers, and maybe help guide him a bit when he gets really stuck. In my opinion this provides a very gentle introduction to coding and development environments and also a rapid start to getting something done. Once he's run a few things in Python you can start to introduce more complex programming (rather than coding) concepts. I'd be really interested to hear what people think about things like Logo (or other languages for children) and flowcharts or diagrams or "Jackson Structured Programming" style paper preparation. Here's a link to a BBC report ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/15654086 ) Here's a link to the researcher's page ( http://www.biology.duke.edu/johnsenlab/people/sarah.html ) The 'glass squid' really is remarkable. And the rapidity of change is surprising. I too miss the alternative OSs. It'd be great to see what BeOS could have been, along with OS/2. Weirdly I mentioned the Jurassic Park interface in another HN thread. ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3225701 ) Link to software and descriptions ( http://nooface.net/3dui.shtml ) These threads follow a common pattern. Someone makes a list of things they dislike about an OS. That's not interesting, so they'll include a bit of a rant. Other people will agree, and add their own annoyances. Then a bunch of people will pop up and explain how to achieve most of the things that are complained about; or explain that they're not problems but features. (The green pseudo-maximise being my most frustrating example.) What people seem to miss is that discoverability is lousy in OSs. HN isn't read by stupid people who are un-used to tech. So why are what should be simple features either hard to find, or not present? Why do HN readers struggle with simple aspects of modern OSs? Apple (rightly, IMO) gets a lot of praise for usability. MS spent a lot of money on usability testing. Both of them have some awful awful things going on. My example of a hard to find feature: In windows XP when you copy many files from one directory into another directory you'll get a dialog saying "The folder already contains" etc, with 4 options, [YES][YES TO ALL][NO][CANCEL]. There was a secret option of [NO TO ALL] if you held shift and clicked no. $14 USD for something which is standard in most Linux desktop environments? (And is probably standard in Windows, but I can't remember.) This is exactly what people complain about. Yes, this stuff can be done, but you need to set a bunch of options via the command line (no problem, but annoying if you have lots of stuff you want tweaked); then set a bunch of program options; then install a bunch of apps (some of which need to be paid for). It is baffling to me why I need to install 3rd party software just to stop my MacBookPro making the startup sound every time I turn it on. (The alternative is to remember to mute the sound every time I turn it off.) I tend to agree, but working out how to move a cursor around text, with various combinations of either character by character, or word by word, or to the beginning or end of the line, and either selecting or not selecting text, was pretty frustrating. 3) My keyboard has [fn][ctrl][alt][cmd][space][cmd][alt], there's no [option]. Sleep has trouble with USB drives; sleep will just disconnect them uncleanly. Data loss and corrupt discs is not a feature of something that I would call "works fine". There are other problems with sleep, but that's the most obvious. I'm not sure how to respond. This thread is full of people saying that Macs can be frustrating because they don't do certain things. It's also full of people saying that those things are possible, and showing how. And there are also people saying that not being able to do those things is why the Mac experience is so clean and simple. It would be really refreshing if people just accepted that all OSs suck, and that some (not all!) of the stuff mentioned in this thread is sucky. (It'd also be great if people would stop ranting quite so hard about OS suckage, unless they're right. Yelling about some missing feature, only to be told that it's in the obvious preference pane, is just daft.) You do a nice job of explaining it, and I am grateful to you. Now that you lay it out it does seem a lot more consistent than I thought. My only minor gripe (and this is cross OS, with many softwares and keyboards) is that it's harder for touch typists to use. Compare any shortcuts that require you to take your hands from the home keys with, eg, the shortcuts provided by Wordstar. Here's a nice write-up of an attempt at the comp.compression challenge. ( http://www.patrickcraig.co.uk/other/compression.htm ) EDIT: ( http://www.maximumcompression.com/compression_fun.php ) > Does there exist a file which is extremely compressable by one archiver, but almost incompressable by another one?. I thought the answer was no, but Nimda Admin did sent me a file with these very strange properties. Please download and extract the rarred file strange.rar and try to compress it with (win)rar and (win)zip. You will see compression is RAR is extremely good, but compression in ZIP is almost 0%!. Just when you think you understand compression, someone sends you this file. Thanks Nimda :-) > If it's a complicated algorithm, a veteran programmer wants to see the whole thing on the screen, which means reducing the number of blank lines and inline comments – especially comments that simply reiterate what the code is doing. Don't text editors have, along with syntax highlighting, any "hide comments" and "compress whitespace especially blank lines" features? The Hutter Prize ( http://prize.hutter1.net/ ) claims that compression is related to intelligence, and that good compression is advancing towards AI. I'm not so sure, but it leads to interesting ideas. A genetic algorithm, taking sample chunks from the expanded data, creating dictionaries, compressing, and comparing scores might be a useful approach. (But a poor fit for the hutter prize's restrictions.) > The more awareness of suicide Suicide has a strong triggering effect; see "Werther effect". Talking about suicide has to be done carefully to avoid triggering further suicidal behaviour; especially after someone has just completed suicide. I'd agree that more awareness of suicide prevention is very important. > It is a true shame that this individual took the failure personally Did you know him? Is this just speculation? That might well fit on the CodeGolf Stack Exchange site. ( http://codegolf.stackexchange.com/ ) > The green button in almost every case just resizes the window to the optimal size. For varying values of optimal including "not optimal in any way for any user in any situation" > Do these "top secret" labs ever make the big cognitive leaps that we hope for? Clifford Cocks discovered public key cryptography years before RSA, while he was working for Government Communications Head Quarter (GCHQ) which is an environment with (especially at the time he did it) a lot of secrecy, both from workers to the outside world but also amongst workers internally. Who knows what else they've discovered that has not yet been released? > We already know the DoD already has tech that is years ahead. You'd be amazed at the age of a lot of the tech involved in military technology. Once a design gets approved there's very little opportunity to change it, and so years later people are having to try and source obsolete ICs or transistors. And if the designers are careless things get obsolete really quickly; I know a design that used a Bourns resistor network with a 1% tolerance. This package was once offered by Bourns, but the standard was 2% tolerance, and the 1% part was rare and thus very expensive. See the number of brokers offering new-old stock or obsolete components at expensive prices. (Obligatory "YOUR TAX DOLLARS AT WORK" quote here.) Yes, this is important. There's a big difference between talking directly to a person who may be suffering, when you should be direct and then be able to guide them towards help; and talking in a thread like this with a lot of speculation and abstract talk about suicidal behaviours. tl:dr - you're right, and I missed the point you made in my post. I really like two things about this article: 1) His approach would have worked with me. One job I had, I used to have to filter calls from everyone trying to get through to my boss. Polite honest quick callers got the chance to mail details, or let me web-search their company. But the amount of pushy idiots! Some of them really gave "their" product a bad name. Scare quote around their because unlike the author in OP these sales people were just low-wage employees of some big company. 2) Some aspects of the job are easy. (Coding.) Some are going to appear really hard, but you just have to do them, and learn as you do them. (Selling, to real humans, face to face or over the phone.) B&N's Nook used Android. MS claims to have patents that cover Android stuff. MS wanted B&N to pay licence fees for that patented technology. B&N wanted to find out what exactly was covered. MS claimed that to disclose that information (which is in a public patent) they'd have to get B&N to NDA. Eventually, a list of patents arrive, and they're all for tiny stupid trivial stuff or for really old stuff; yet MS was trying to charge for them as if they were worth a full OS. See this PDF for a list of the trivial patents: ( http://www.groklaw.net/pdf3/675085-463533.pdf ) Is that Reddit thread typical of the lack of awareness of password security? From the article I get the impression that there were large jumps between each version of the Z series - is that incorrect? Because, to me, iteration means small amounts of refinement to a product. The examples you give, especially the PlayStation controller, are excellent examples of small refinements to an existing product. Replying to this quite late: ( http://www.direct.gov.uk/en/Employment/Employees/WorkingHour... ) San Francisco to Reno == 190 miles Earth to ISS == 220 miles For school: just do the work that will get you the good grades, no matter how tedious it is. For home: hey, that's when you do the Steam Interpreter. This is excellent news. I know when Google does stuff that they base it on evidence, and they do it for the best of most users, and that my edge cases are not what most users would have. I was getting caught in some frustrating searches, so I'm really pleased about this. There's some amazing figures in the article: > However, we found that users typed the “+” operator in less than half a percent of all searches, and two thirds of the time, it was used incorrectly. Wow. Finally: If Google offered user controllable stemming that'd be awesome. When I started using Google there was no stemming. Now there's either Google suggested stemming or user-controlled no stemming. I'm really excited by this project. I think it's a great idea. I very much hope they sell them to anyone, maybe at a slightly higher price to subsidise the others. But there's a tiny [1] hint of regret that modern programming is necessarily abstracted away from the hardware. When people were using the popular home computers of the 1980s they would be able to use some version of BASIC, and then also some machine code if needed. And that wasn't something just limited to the brightest smartest young programmers; it was above average but nothing extreme. I learnt Z80 ASM on a suitcase instructional computer, turning fans on and off or stepping through traffic light sequences on LEDs. Then I made a resistor ladder DtoA convertor and pushed data out the parallel printer port for audio. (Something also done by No$GB emulator.) That seems to be something that children will be missing out on, unless this project gives them enough boost to then investigate things like arduino or similar. [1] Not a criticism in any way of the Raspberry Pi project. uh, you can run other OSs on Apple hardware. It's a little bit trickier because of EFI but it's not hard. What you can't do (Apple say) is run Apple OSs on non-Apple hardware. Isn't run sprint hurdle "nike" what you want? That's often not true; PCBs can be a significant cost on the bill of materials for a gadget. Amortising the tooling / artwork costs into big volumes helps, but even then the PCB is usually one of the more expensive items on the parts list. To all the people saying "Don't broadcast it if you don't want it collected" or "what's the problem" - there are two problems here. i) Google has unfortunate previous form. They've collected information from unsecured wifi, including snippets of emails; lists of people suffering from certain medical conditions; passwords; etc. ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-11797907 ) They've made a "mistake" once. People want to be sure they don't make the same mistake again. (Scare quotes around mistake because, really, that's a lot of data to be accidentally scraping.) ii) EU tends to prefer "Opt In" over "Opt Out", and it needs to be an explicit opt in. That means the company has to tell you what they're gathering, and why, and give you the choice to agree. Sure, that makes it very hard for companies to gather information (such as this which is on the very lower end of the privacy scale) and do useful cool things with that data. Some people (and I'm one of them) welcome the clear bright line that explicit opt in would draw between ethical companies (like Google; they're not evil and this wifi data gathering doesn't come close to being evil) and unpleasant seedy dodgy companies, who wouldn't bother obeying EU best practice data laws. One thing that could be easier is booting MacBook Pro from USB stick. A Unetbootin that works on Mac, and builds usb sticks bootable on Macs, would be good. Or maybe bootcamp could mention Linux. An interesting and fun project. But . . . > Krawczuk arrived at around 11:30 a.m., dangling a green canvas grocery bag that held a small white box containing the apparatus--a plug computer, battery, and car inverter--that would fuel the Wi-Fi and serve the content. . . . be careful with weird looking boxes and bundles of wires in today's paranoid atmosphere. Cultural note: lakh is 100,000 right? People are stupid, but exploiting that stupidity is still evil. (I'm lousy at analogy, but here's an attempt: People dis-enrobing with no curtains are stupid, but it's the pervs who post pictures to the Internet; polite people glance and walk on.) Even Google disagrees with you. ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/2010/may/15/google-admi... ) > "As soon as we became aware of this problem, we grounded our Street View cars and segregated the data on our network, which we then disconnected to make it inaccessible. We want to delete this data as soon as possible, and are currently reaching out to regulators in the relevant countries about how to quickly dispose of it." Accessing a person's unencrypted wifi without their permission is, in England, a criminal offence and that's been tested by the courts. ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/technology/4721723.stm ) Having said all that, this German case says that people shouldn't be stupid and they are responsible for the security of their networks: ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/10116606 ) My unibody MBP uses regular cross-head screws. EDIT: I've missed the torx screws on the actual drive. See child comment. Ah, yes, sorry. This (12 page!!) link shows that first generation MBPs are actually pretty tricky to change the hard drive; but that all 3 generations need a torx driver for the HD. ( http://www.extremetech.com/computing/58220-upgrade-your-macb... ) The (UK) Sainsbury Centre for Mental Health would disagree. They've been pushing hard on a "helping people with MH problems get back to work"; not just for the benefits to wider society but for the benefits to the individual of better mental health. This? Again? What happened to the last thread? > It's an effective communication tool. ...used really badly in this example. > -Why isn’t Critical Thinking ready to ship? > -What’s wrong with it? Well, it's 17,000 words a day of this . . . > it was kind of something on the back of my periphery of my mind. EDIT: they asked for 50,000 - 60,000 words, and he's written nearly 180,000. It's very sad to see someone with such clear MH problems and no support in place. ( http://www.sebastianmarshall.com/an-open-letter-to-simon-and... ) > what is the context The context is someone with a severe mental illness (bipolar disorder) going through a phase of mania. Here are some links to information: ( http://www.mind.org.uk/help/diagnoses_and_conditions/bipolar... ) > When I'm in a manic phase, I feel as though I am capable of anything and everything. This can be an amazing feeling, but I sometimes get frustrated and angry with people. Ideas flow constantly and quickly, as if my brain is on fast-forward. Everything happening in the world has significance in my life. ( http://mentalhealth.gov/health/publications/bipolar-disorder... ) ( http://www.rcpsych.ac.uk/mentalhealthinfo/problems/bipolardi... ) http://www.qacker.com/lfnc What do you do when your urls run out? Just cycle through them? BECAUSE COOL URLS DON'T CHANGE, and it's a shame that my lfnc could disappear. What do you do if Stupid_Bob writes something like a death threat to the President? What information is logged; what information would "the feds" get if they seized your servers? Not sure why you're getting downvoted. People should be able to read well-written interesting articles. Bizarre then that cryptography has a bunch of patents. I hope some American (preferably in the relevant geographical area for those politicians) is writing short polite letters explaining what those politicians have done, and explaining the consequences under SOPA. I know that I'm hopelessly naïve for thinking that constituents writing letters to politicians achieves anything. Maybe some satirist should do a sketch on tv? Feynman had particles moving backwards through time as an explanation for something. I'm not sure if he was being totally serious, or using it as an idea to move theory forward. Interesting to see all that red and pink. For comparison here are some Earth mountain heights. Everest == 8,850 meters K2 == 8,611 meters Chimborazo == 6,310 meters A member of the legislature should be held to higher standards than the general public; don't just obey the letter of the law but obey the spirit of the law. This isn't irrelevancies about a person's past or private life, it is directly related to what they're pushing onto other people. > He also pointed out Smith and his colleagues would only be liable if the value of the streaming performances exceeds $1,000, and it's not clear how valuable a few short clips of local news broadcasts are. Is the value for the owners, or for the use that the "infringer" gets from them? > there really is a big difference between a representative supporting legislation we disagree with possibly technically violating that same legislation with a seemingly innocent video embed and a website that provides a search feature allowing you to access hundreds of thousands of copyrighted files. Big difference. Existing law has been misused, as mentioned in other places in the thread. There's nothing to say that this law will not be similarly misused. See, for example, the fact that Google has digital-finger-printing to prevent copyright material being used, even if it's legitimately being used under Fair Use. No. Demonstrating that some people are willing to use weird law to enforce copyright protection, and that some of those people do not understand existing copyright law themselves, is a useful exercise. The point is to use their language to show how daft the law could be. That's maybe why it feels petty to you, because it is a stupid thing, but it's a stupid thing that they could well end up criminalizing. The politicians talk of "thieves" and "criminals" and "crooks". Using their language it is wrong for someone to have stolen content on their homepage. "Maartje 1990 & 2011 Amsterdam" is going to be really tricky for people in England. The sexual offences act makes that kind of photo pretty much illegal for anyone, with narrow exceptions for law enforcement doing their job. Maybe context would provide some kind of defence - but still the disruption to a person's life (computers seized; suspended from work; possible court cases; etc etc) are still significant. To post such content without an NSFW[1] warning is stupid. > no ones computers are being seized. Yes they are. > Also millions of family photo albums contain this kind of imagery and people taking these kind of photos today[1] are being reported to the police. [1] at least, a few years ago when people were using film. One of the first things to irk me about Chrome was the chunky strip where the tabs are. There are plenty of "mood chart" apps, which are used with self-guided Cognitive Behaviour Therapy. There are self-guided apps, websites, and books for CBT too. Why would lawsuits be a problem? Some small areas of Wikipedia are so toxic that no-one would want to have anything to do with them. Some areas are probably not suitable for advertising. Would an ad on "Holocaust" or "Lynchings" really be acceptable? And so the problem then would be the megabytes of meta "discussion" about why some page should or shouldn't have ads. She makes a great point. Maybe, just maybe, things would get better if enough people didn't pay money to sites with awful usability. But then I see how wildly successful Amazon is and I realise that I'm just dreaming. ( http://www.darkreading.com/database-security/167901020/secur... ) > The computer also contained demographic data -- names, addresses, dates of birth, phone numbers, email addresses, medical record numbers, and health insurance plan providers -- as well as medical diagnoses between January 2005 and January 2011 of 943,000 Sutter Medical Foundation patients. > The database included names, addresses, dates of birth, phone numbers, email addresses, medical record numbers, and health insurance plan providers, between 1995 and January 2011 of 3.3 million patients under Sutter Physician Services. SPS provides managed care services and billing for healthcare providers. And from the company: ( http://www.sutterhealth.org/noticeforpatients/ ) Frustratingly, there's more than one applied cryptography. There's (obviously) Schneier's book, and then there's this: ( http://www.cacr.math.uwaterloo.ca/hac/ ) I'm guessing that a 40" tv is going to be lousy quality as a monitor. Better would be to:- * Get an eye test, and wear suitable glasses * Get a GOOD monitor * Use a good font; use a large font * Use suitable lighting * Take regular breaks * Fix a mirror behind the monitor, so that you can allow your eyes to change focus every now and then. I used to work 55 minutes, take a 5 minute break, on top of my legal minimum breaks. (I'm in England.) Obviously, I'm not a doctor. Pizza can be reasonably healthy - use thin crust dough, less cheese, plenty of tomato and lots of other veg. That's a lot better than other "child friendly" "junk food". I'm not sure about children, but I thought the salt == bad thing had pretty much been debunked? ( http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=its-time-to... ) If I had to pick one thing to control it wouldn't be salt, or potatoes, but fat. Maybe the potato growers would be happier if frying was banned, but roasting wasn't? Potato wedges also have the skins on, and most of the nutrients are just under the skin, so that's another benefit. Public holidays ("bank holidays") in England: ( http://www.direct.gov.uk/en/Employment/Employees/Timeoffandh... ) We get eight days, sometimes with an extra day for special occasions (royal weddings, etc) Vacation ("holiday") is 28 days, but could include public holidays. ( http://www.direct.gov.uk/en/Employment/Employees/Timeoffandh... ) > All workers have a right to a minimum of 5.6 weeks paid annual leave, Sometimes workers might be forced to use some of their vacation over Christmas. Some low paid workers will use their annual paid sick leave as informal holiday to supplement their holidays. I worked with people who would tally off their 12 paid days on their holiday chart. This, obviously, makes things tricky for the employer. (That particular employer started asking people to provide doctors' notes for any sick day on a Monday or Friday, or any over 3 days. Since that's not a legal requirement doctors would charge for the letter. (NHS doctors are allowed to charge for some things) and so the employer was forced to take this cost. Since, at the time, it was hard to get to see a GP within 2 days employees would have to take time off work so they could see a doctor to get the sick note that would cover them for the time they had off earlier in the week. A 7 minute appointment would often be late; so an employer would need time to get to the appointment, time to wait, and time to get back. Since no-one knew how long they'd had to wait they would often do a bit of shopping while they were in town. This scheme did nothing to stop the lazy skyvers. But it did make things frustrating for the honest. tl:dr Cheap labour is not the only reason China is taking so many tech companies.) Also note: 28 days is bare knuckle minimum. Full time burger flipper? 28 days. Minimum wage mail-room clerk? 28 days. A web app would be, I think, popular. Especially if you build in some kind of "easy to use with phone" features, and some "social, but in a better way than all the other drek that's around" stuff. > Quite often asking a good question to knowledgeable people can give you a tested and well working solution in a fraction of the time it would take to search and try and fail and try a working solution by yourself. The pool of knowledgable people decreases with each question asked, especially if you're not making an effort to at least try to do it yourself. Why does that have to cost $150,000? Why can't "thinking for yourself" and "figuring things out" be combined with examples from relevant legal systems rather than examples from post-feudal England? Lack of clean water can cause large amounts of chaos very quickly[1]. Water infrastructure should be something that Governments want to protect. Given that, and given weird laws about "providing help to terrorists"[2] I'm amazed that someone putting a 3 character password on something so important, and then letting it face the Internet, is not going to see jail time. [1] See, for example, flooding in Gloucestershire, England, a few years ago. That was troublesome, but only got really bad when a local water treatment plant was flooded. [2] At least, in the UK. Saturn 5 is lost technology. The build was split up over a bunch of different sub contractors. There's no central repository for plans. Some plans are lost forever; others are in basements or attics of various engineers. There was no single group of engineers who know how to put together a Saturn 5. Yes; it's be cool to see old designs meet new methods. But it's also cool to see what modern materials and chemistry can do. > Just last week we had to do a manual cleanup of infected register systems for a local business > every single virus cleanup that we do I really hope that when you say "cleanup" you mean "wipe and re-install; and then carefully restore data from backups after really carefully scanning it with multiple anti-malware software." > Finally, the best place right now to stop malware, in our opinion, is still the browser. Chrome + AdBlock Plus by itself typically prevents repeat malware cleanups. You mean this is an effective small prong in a many pronged defence, right? > normal users need to see a lot of background activity and red lights for the cost to be justified The corporate versions of anti-malware are usually better because they can avoid all the klaxons and alarms and flashing dialog warnings, because it's not the user who pays, it's someone else in the corporation. As three14 says below, some Anti-malware software feels awful to run; really nasty interfaces and nasty mangling of the experience. Having the machine run a scan when the user is away helps. But I'm surprised there isn't a better AV product out there. > I really doubt the government is regularly spying on your printing. For some values of "the government" not including many governments; see $OPPRESSIVE_REGIME. There's a lot of stuff "the government" does now that would have been unthinkable before various terrorist bombing attempts. Really, forcing everyone to remove their shoes before boarding a plane? And, if you doubt that the US[1] spies on its own citizens you should have a look at the Echelon programme, where a legal loophole was used by the US to gather intelligence on its citizens. (The US gov can't do it legally, so they pass a name onto another gov involved in Echelon.) [1] US, UK, Australia, New Zealand and Canada. > “This is just proving that higher up someone thinks women don’t play games, and definitely don’t pre-order them.” said Eleanor. If it's true that someone chose to not include female cloaks then that person needs a slap. But isn't it possible that no-one actually made the conscious decision to exclude female gamers, and that they just didn't realise that the cloak came in male and female versions? > Here's a somewhat more polite response than your comment deserved: Wow, you may want to switch to decaf. You're way too sensitive to a comment which was in no way rude or aggressive. Normally I'd be happy to have a conversation about the pros and cons of various approaches, but I can see that you're not going to be receptive. > It's a side effect of poor system configuration, slow release cycles for patched software and to a lesser extent, poorly designed software. Don't forget stupid and naïve users - those who know that the dodgy crack / serial website is going to have infected files, or those who don't realise that cute cursors come with malware. And, to be fair, it's not just MS that has these problems. BSD makes things a bit less scary for Mac users, but there's still the problem of people running as a high level user and entering their password whenever they're asked, without necessarily thinking about it. I'm still waiting for easily affordable "Virtual Retinal Displays" (using a laser focused on the retina) to be available: ( http://www.hitl.washington.edu/research/vrd/ ) Talking about mental health problems is important. Some of them commonly start around the early twenties; stress[1] can be a trigger; having "rainy day action plans" can be immensely helpful making any times of illness much less disruptive to the sufferer. Knowledge helps people around the person too -- knowing that pulling someone aside and just talking to them about their feelings is a good, helpful, thing could save lives. Knowing that this person has a disorder that makes them incredibly effective for a few months but that comes with a risk of "crashing" allows them to put support in and encourage taking of meds or contct with professionals. In the UK employers are not allowed[2] to discriminate against people with mental health problems, so knowledge is again really useful. [1] "Stress" means slightly different things to different people. I tend to use it for unhealthy harmful stress, and "pressure" for the stuff that people enjoy and thrive on. Pressure for one person could be stress for another. [2] I guess there's some exceptions. To say that depression is a chemical imbalance is to over-simplify the cause and treatment. People hearing the chemical imbalance hypothesis may think that there's no effective evidence based therapy available, or that they will need meds for the rest of their life, or that they are going to relapse for the rest of their life. That's not true. There are effective, evidence based, talking therapies. The most well known (Cognitive Behaviour Therapy) is simple to understand, easy to apply, and can be given by therapists or can be self-applied through websites (the Australian "Mood Gym" is one) or books ("mind over matter" is a good example). A person given just meds will be more likely to relapse than someone given meds and CBT. > I cannot speak on that and recommend professional help. Yes, professional help is important. In the UK front line treatment for mild to moderate depression is not medication, but is CBT. And CBT should be used for other illnesses too. My emphasis on things like CBT is because they have been shown to work; not because I don't think that depression is a "real illness'. See, for example, the use of CBT to treat pain suffered by cancer patients. Bob has 6 months of hard time with depression, but gets treatment and now feels recovered. Bob goes to a job interview. Does Bob disclose the mental illness that he suffered? Does he keep it a secret? When does he disclose it, at the interview, or after they offer a job, or after he accepts the job? How many employers would give Bob the job knowing that he's just had mental illness? How many would blatantly discriminate? How many would sub-consciously discriminate? In the UK a law had to be made to prevent employers from discriminating against people with disabilities, especially mental illness. And then people had to stop disclosing at interview, but disclosing after the job offer and then talking about "reasonable adjustments". ("I want the job; I feel recovered; I need half a day once every month to see a doctor but this will be tapered off.") Yes, mental illness is still a taboo. I'm happy to pay for great content - avoid link-bait titles, avoid stupid tiresome "fanboy" flames, use long form content. I leave ads turned on. There are some ads that just make me close the tab even if I haven't got the content - almost anything with sound will cause an instant tab close. > I ask honestly: why should it be easy to participate? Because that's a core fundamental part of wikipedia practice. That's why every page says "the encylopedia anyone can edit" and why you don't need to create an account to contribute. Under ideal circumstances he would have "known" the article was great and really important; he would have heard it got deleted; he would have gone to wikipedia and found short simple clear advice about what is included and what isn't included. Preferably in one place. Then he would have realised that the article was not a good fit for Wikipedia, but he would have met some people who were not fucking wingnuts and who encouraged him to contribute and he would have found some other articles where he starts making gentle contributions. Instead, that information is scattered over a few different pages (and thus there's lag between them when there's a change); there's differing standards for different things (Elected national politicians are automatically notable because they're elected, Olympic athletes are not notable.) Deletion process is incredibly bitey; I don't care that people doing deletion have floods of shitty articles to plough through, they should realise that destroying (even justifiably) someone's work is going to be hard for that person and is not going to encourage them to contribute to the process, and that this is an (a tricky) opportunity to get new editors. Combine this with weird rules about other stuff (The software stops me creating this name (which means some things are hard coded), so I read the rules, and create another name, and get newbie-bitten by some over enthusiastic 17 year old who claims that my real name is offensive or that the pseudonym I chose instead is "confusing" or whatever. My name goes in front of how ever many different username discussions they have now, where I argue my point and am "allowed" to edit.) There are huge differences between things like the five pillars and the rest of the obscure processes. > I wouldn't cite it in any remotely academic or meaningful forum Even wikipedia suggests you don't cite them, but use the cites given in the article. That's why good quality citations are so important. Doesn't this demonstrate the problem with Wikipedia? Content pages 3,805,705 Pages 25,581,176 (All pages in the wiki, including talk pages, redirects, etc.) And is that content page edits, or just all page edits? Enjoy working with hyperactive twinkle using 14 year olds who rapidly revert[1] as much as they can so they can rack up "edits" in the mistaken thought that it's how you get to admin. Or dysfunctional trolls with a 10:1 meta:content edit ratio who have nothing better to do than hang out on ANI. Those are pretty much the only people who'll have the time or patience to play the wikipedia game as it is now. I'm glad for him that they apologised and dropped the action before it got too onerous for him. I'm a bit confused about the legality of this software in the EU - does any data get sent outside the EU? Is it compliant with various EU countries' data protection laws? UK privacy campaigners might be interested, and want to take it up (if appropriate) with the ICO. > Of course in any censorship debate, there is someone that says "you can always get it through the underground, the black market, the fact that the ban isn't actively upheld, insert other similar reason". What? In this discussion people said that Google is censoring information about torrents; but no-one has said "use a different search engine" because Google will return results about torrents, they just don't return the results using Google Instant. "torrents" is just eight characters; even for a hunt'n'peck typist that's a few seconds before they hit [search]. Except it appears on, for example, the "Most visited / apps" page, where there isn't normally any content. It's trivially easy to clicky the X and never see the ad again, but that's not the point. Chrome doesn't serve ads normally, so when it suddenly does that's (to some people) an unwelcome change in behaviour. If Google decides that Chrome is allowed to serve me ads on my "Most Visited / Apps" page what other Google products might I see there? And I'm someone who doesn't block ads! If I'm uncomfortable with Google suddenly changing my software to allow it to push this ad at me I can only image what the extreme anti-ad fringe is saying. Some computers don't have many USB ports - the one in the article photo only has two. I agree that it's not very useful. There's probably a complicated way to achieve something similar using a proper hub, a bunch of sticks, and software. But most people are fine with a bunch of sticks for different things - "my live boot OS", "my music", "my photos", "all my other stuff". More useful would be a USB stick that came with stickers to describe content - cute little camera icons or music stuff. Or at least a strip that the user can write on (with a pen, not file system) on the case. As others have said - it is pretty though. Here's an old list: ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=498910 ) I have no idea about the link you posted; did it look like it was banned by the software, or did it look like it was flagged? It sounds like the kind of thing that I would flag. > I have heard of how DRM hurts people and I do know that artists get screwed by their labels. But is piracy really a solution? In the UK it is a criminal offence to bypass copyright protection measures, but it is a civil offence to download a movie. Thus, it is more illegal for me to go and buy a DVD which I then play on my Linux laptop than it is for me to just torrent it. (Whether anyone bothers to actually enforce these laws is another matter) I've given feedback. A few days later the "broken" search was fixed. I have no idea if there's any link between the two, or if it was just a temporary glitch. But thanks for fixing it if it was fixed. And I'd LOVE to see some of the reports (but I know that'll never happen) because it'd be amazing to see some of the worst reports. Private news-servers (with strict community standards and moderation or after-moderation) is one method; although it's pretty tricky explaining it to most of your users and it's not fun to set up. > [. . .] and play them each for a small amount of time Or even never play them. There are a small[1] of people who collect all ROMs of some (or all) console systems, with no intention of playing them. [1] I agree that in terms of overall piracy this is a tiny number. > but it is true in many cases. I suspect it's true in the NH bubble, but I strongly suspect that very few pirates then go on to buy the product. When I've wanted to give some money to the author of a book I've downloaded it's really easy; I just go to a store (or Amazon, where buying stuff is really easy) and buy any book from that author on the same publisher. But for digital stuff it's often harder, with annoying websites, weird cart checkout systems, a stupid bit of credit card security theatre thrown in, some spammy email checkboxes to remember to click (or not click), etc. And this is when you want to buy it - that's too much friction for most pirates. I'd love to see some decent research. Have a look at what groups like Aum Shinrikyo are thought to have achieved. I have no doubt that if they were still active they'd have little problem doing this. > There's no bio-weapon Al Quaeda working group or anything like that You're aware that Aum Shinrikyo released aerosolised anthrax spores for a week in Japan before they stopped, and that it's only because they used the wrong anthrax that there wasn't widespread infection? That was in 1993; I imagine it's technologically much easier and cheaper to do it now, but that there are tighter controls over chemicals etc. The article is sensationalist. Bio-terrorists don't need to kill anyone, they just need to cause economic harm. They can do this by releasing blue-tongue or foot&mouth or whatever in a few farms. That costs billions and long lasting damage. ( http://www.fmd.brass.cf.ac.uk/ ) It would be fascinating to see results from a selection of big well known universities in US, EU, etc. No. You wait a few hours (maybe half a day) and see how other people get on with the patch. Then you patch. Or you leave more holes for the automated bots and worms to exploit. Is there a typo on "interactiv"? > they weren't a hard core group of bioengineers--just some guys who happened to get hold of some anthrax spores. They aerosolised the spores, and released them for over a week. That's not as simple as putting powder in an envelope and putting it in the mail. ( http://jama.ama-assn.org/content/281/18/1735.full ) > Most experts concur that the manufacture of a lethal anthrax aerosol is beyond the capacity of individuals or groups without access to advanced biotechnology. However, autonomous groups with substantial funding and contacts may be able to acquire the required materials for a successful attack. One terrorist group, Aum Shinrikyo, responsible for the release of sarin in a Tokyo, Japan, subway station in 1995,6 dispersed aerosols of anthrax and botulism throughout Tokyo on at least 8 occasions. For unclear reasons, the attacks failed to produce illness. > * the OP is arguing they wouldn't be able to create it in the first place.* The point I'm responding to is this:- > The only likely way such an attack could be carried out would be with massive support of some unfriendly government. I disagree that "massive support of some unfriendly government" is needed; the example I give is Aum Shinrikyo weaponising anthrax spores (albeit the wrong anthrax spores.) AS successfully recruited undergraduates and graduates; getting access to suitably stocked labs wouldn't be that hard for them. Some people get used to a workflow. They have an environment set up just how they like. All of a sudden Gnome release Gnome 3 - which breaks a lot of that workflow, and also means that people wanting to stay at Gnome 2.x are going to drift slowly into dependancy hell. And Shuttleworth plays his benign dictator card, saying he doesn't care what the community thinks, they're wrong, and Unity is the way forward. Unity also breaks the workflow. Now those users are kind of stuck. KDE also has an example of dramatic change, so people might be reluctant to move there. LXDE or XFCE aren't yet mature and there are some frustrating features with both. (But they've picked up some users.) And then you're left with self-built desktop environments - one of the *boxes or some other WM + file manager + etc etc. Linux Mint Debian Edition is a rolling release distribution. There are important differences between regular mint and LMDE. ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/education/2011/may/16/cambridge-to... ) > Professor David Tidmarsh, vice-chancellor of Birmingham City University, says [. . .] the university is investing £180m in new buildings, facilities and equipment. > At Oxford, average spend per student fell to £11,232 in 2009-10 from £11,410 the year before. The university spends substantially more than other institutions. Cambridge spent £8,612 in 2009-10, a rise from £8,118 the year before.* Rough guide to student numbers (pdf) ( http://www.ox.ac.uk/media/global/wwwoxacuk/localsites/gazett... ) > resize/maximize/minimize a window, ( http://k12linux.mesd.k12.or.us/docs/gnome/ch01s02.html ) Alt-spacebar Opens the Window Menu. etc etc. The hard part is aerosolising the anthrax. As to using the wrong anthrax - Identifying anthrax is hard. PDF: ( http://jcm.asm.org/content/39/12/4566.full.pdf ) > Strain identiﬁcation in Bacillus anthracis has been problematic due to a lack of distinguishing features, both phenotypic and molecular (1). With the identiﬁcation of variable-number tandem repeats (VNTRs), identiﬁcation of strains (unique genotypes) by multiple-locus VNTR analysis (MLVA) is now possible, and worldwide clone-based diversity patterns have been demonstrated (2). The VNTR loci are hypervariable and have multiple allelic states that provide high discrimination capacity for differentiating among strains and for identifying evolutionary relationships. That's from 2001. Aum Shinrikyo incident was in 1993. See also ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3279225 ) I wonder how many ferrets the researchers used? I'm curious to know if all that kind of information is being kept hidden already? One reason to learn the science behind correct technique is to allow creative use of 'wrong' technique - weird depth of field can look nice; HDR photos are an interesting concept (but for sure there are way too many!); tilt-shift is a neat gimmick; etc etc. And these creative uses of wrong settings are, surely, hacking? > Why does everyone taking photos have to be expressing themselves artistically? What's wrong with people who just want to capture a moment where someone they love has a sparkle in their eye? This is a brilliant reason to use a camera. Almost any camera is good enough for this; using a prosumer DSLR will usually be a hinderance (they're big and bulky and have many buttons and switches and levers) and using a little digital compact is cheaper and easier. Sure - re-reading my comment I see I was perhaps a bit dismissive but that wasn't my intention. > just fill out the appropriate exception form online. Do you also have to agree to pay the fines / go to court / appear in news when anything serious goes wrong? RSA (pretty much the definition of a clueful security company) got hacked because someone opened a malicious email attachment. Imagine how much harder that is to prevent when people are using a bunch of different softwares. I like this article. I'll have at look at the forked ad-blocker sometime. It depends on the type of site you visit, but most sites realise that ads are hated and obnoxious ads can cause visitors to leave. Punishing bad ads, and letting site owners know that they lost a visitor because of the obnoxious ad, is important. Whether that'll counteract the hordes of idiots who'll happily click those ads (see "evony" my lord) is another matter. Maybe spraying the aerosol over a populated Japanese city for a week was the test on a human population? Linux Mint was first released in 2006, so it's not hopping on some "name our software product Mint" bandwagon. > Also frustrating is the fact that I couldn't spot the link from the official Linux Mint blog to the [. . .] Yes, this is a common and frustrating mistake. There's a bunch of stuff that I haven't bothered investigating because I get sent to a blog but can't be bothered to web-search for the product when there's no link. There's some lag between people up-voting comments and the average karma being calculated. Is that what you're seeing? And, really, for a site like HN it's a shame that the word "average" is used when mean, median, or modal would be nicer. I don't have much respect for Acer as a manufacturer. I'm surprised that Google chose them instead of, say, Asus. And I'm uncomfortable with the amount that Google knows about me already; I'd have to read the privacy policy very carefully before I used their machine. I admit that most people just don't care. (And maybe they're right; Google aren't particularly evil.) I guess it'd be interesting to see when the Russian criminal gangs start selling cheap computers with well-crafted nasty rootkits pre-installed. Some excellent points balancing the need for clear simple instruction ("we meet at $TIME on $DATE") and flexibility. I guess that could be tricky for some people. Have you got any ideas about how you'll deal with disruptive people? (If it happens?) Someone who just comes along to moan, and moan, and moan? Or someone who tries to steer the community along a route it isn't interested in, but who doesn't get it, who doesn't understand that people aren't interested? > Where is there a sound research base on any "nootropic" or "neuroenhancer" or "smart drug" or the like that has been subjected to thoughtful scientific examination It's hard to get studies like this approved and funded. Some chemicals are either illegal, or they are in a legal grey area. And it's very hard to get ethics panel approving for something that is not"treating" or "curing" ill patients. See also ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3285466 ) If I have the choice I want a rested doctor working less than 48 hours per week, even if that's "less productive" than the same doctor working 70 hour weeks. Anyone working an 80 week is absolutely less productive than two people working 40 hour weeks, even taking "communication overhead" into account. It's thermal paper, which tends not to last very well. This is especially a problem for medical information. ( http://www.mdsr.ecri.org/summary/detail.aspx?doc_id=8155 ) > Looks like Gilroy might be a good answer. Everything tastes of garlic in Gilroy. ( http://www.carrieriq.com/ ) > Handsets currently deployed 141,263,xxx So it's a shame that it's the default for a desktop, not mobile, OS. Ubuntu had NBR, and dropped it, and kludged it into Ubuntu main. Now people with netbooks (small drives) may like Unity but aren't so keen on all the other Ubuntu stuff. Who are you recommending Fedora to? Ubuntu was a good recommendation for people who could just about re-install Windows. Fedora, not so much. ((Ubuntu is also good for many other users too!) I'm using Fedora on my other machine.) Millions sounds like a few million, maybe twenty million at most. It is, in fact, 141 million phones. ( http://www.carrieriq.com/ ) > *Handsets currently deployed: 141,275,xxx I've used xxx because the number just counts up. > A lot of people seem to expect fully fledged support for free, and that's pretty crazy It gets worse; A lot of those people expect fully fledged support for trivial "problems" which are clearly explained in the help file (that ships with the product) on the website, in the forums, and in a wiki. And they'll be dicks about it too. How do you feel about the supposed MITM "feature" of CarrierIQ's product? Interesting to compare this method of making light-duty false arms out of empty soda bottles with, for example, this story of a UK teen who got a £30,000 arm for £10,000 after asking Mercedes GP to help. ( http://www.getreading.co.uk/news/s/2098108_f1_boss_helps_fun... ) I know that $46,000 arms for everyone is unrealistic, but surely there's a better solution than waste soda bottles? > So if all we're doing here is condemning CarrierIQ I asked someone who is quite good with crypto a question about a possible MITM attack on 141 million phones. I didn't condemn CarrierIQ, I avoided dramatic language, I even added qualifiers to avoid stating something as fact if it wasn't yet confirmed. Kind of scary to think that if the developer had just copy pasted that code block again (to cover the name field) you might not have spotted the awful awful code. Uganda has an adult HIV rate of about 6.5% (US about 0.6%); the median age is about 15 years old (US about 37 years); life expectancy about 53 (US about 78); literacy about 67% (but only 58% for women) (US about 99%). It seems that Uganda could do with some KickStarter style innovation in HIV/AIDS funding. People think of good projects; they create a page and ask for funding; other people offer advice or ask questions; people either offer funding (with conditions?) or they look at some other project. The amount of money that this group needs to create animated versions of their books is, probably, tiny . The article makes no mention of using this with just a keyboard. I wish writers were required (by company culture, not law![1]) to include accessibility options when talking about new features or software. Even if they had to say "Turn this feature off if you're using an on-screen keyboard, because the combination sucks." [1] Although I'm not averse to anti-discrimination laws being used a bit more vigorously. But many people would be happy to torrent and then mirror. You just need to find trusted mirror. I accept that's a tricky problem. Your reply is only applicable to Americans, and not even all of them. There are plenty of examples of US mis-use of government surveillance. > they sure as hell aren't going to bring it up in a court. They use intercept evidence to collect enough data; they pass this on to other law enforcement; LE then gather other evidence and arrest and charge. The intercept evidence never makes it to court. Note that "they" don't care that you know they collect the data, "they" just don't want you to know too much about how it's done. See this article ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2008/feb/06/uk.ukcrime ) Opponents of changes include MI5, MI6 and GCHQ, who have argued that it would reveal their sophisticated intercept techniques. There's no plausible deniability there. > You can look up anything you want all day long including how to make bombs and no one will bust in your living room until the day you somehow are in a position to influence a large group of people. Maybe, just maybe, true for US. ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2008/aug/26/terroris... ) ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/libertycentral/2009/... ) ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2007/dec/06/terrorism.books ) > how we can spot and stop the general public from being spied on You can't spot when a well-funded government secret service, with access to communications infrastructure, is spying on the population. > Also, I want to see The sources for where they got the information on these spy products being used in Egypt and Lybia. I'm not sure I understand what you're saying. You think a site for whistleblowers should release information about those whistleblowers? Lilly Allen joined anti-piracy campaigns, but then released music on her blog without permission. And then, when people told her, she blustered about how that didn't count. There are many many examples. People who create the websites frequently get it wrong. (See also "JUST USE BCRYPT".) If clever people with access to research and articles and advice and existing best current practice crypto libraries can get it wrong how do we expect the regular person on the street to get it right? If banks - who are a real target with money to lose - can get their advice to customers wrong how can the customers be expected to learn? Password security is a real mess. Someone could make a name for themselves if they did research and created a workable system that regular people could understand and use. Design some protocols and standards, release these as open standards and allow them to be tested and changable. And then hope that software creators and website designers build them in. The Register links to a Sophos blog, which links to this site: ( http://www.alwaysbetesting.co.uk/seo/how-to-crack-the-gchq-c... ) Since the reg is notoriously unreliable it's probably a good idea to follow the guidelines: > Please submit the original source. If a blog post reports on something they found on another site, submit the latter. I guess that the use of sensitive documents rules out Mechanical Turk or a game version for the real work, but I'd be interested to see what turkers could do. Some cultural notes: Lloyds is a bank; they announced a near £4bn loss and were then part-nationalised. They were also involved in mis-selling "payment protection insurance" and had to put aside approx £3bn. Eric Daniels was chief executive, and Lloyds, despite these serious failings, awarded him a bonus of £1.45m; this is at a time when workers in the "public sector" (health, local government, police, fire, schools, etc etc) are facing cuts to pensions and no wage increases. Commit a criminal offence against a website created for a technically competent government agency? > This could be a source of water for future astronauts. That's optimistic. ( http://physics.ucsd.edu/do-the-math/2011/10/why-not-space/ ) > Approximately how far have humans traveled from the surface of the Earth [. . .] since 1980 or so > a) 600 km (low Earth orbit, 0.1 times the Earth radius) > b) 6,000 km (about the radius of the Earth) > c) 36,000 km (geosynchronous orbit; about 6 Earth radii) > d) 385,000 km (about the distance to the Moon; 60 Earth radii) As ascii diagram: e g m earth geosynchronous moon The answer is a few pixels off e. Not sure how good X9 committee is: ( http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20110411005309/en/Secu... ) > Recognizing the need for stronger crypto that will hold up under increasingly powerful attacks, such as those that will be enabled by quantum computing, and understanding how NTRU is unique in its ability to do this, the X9 standards body created the X9.98 standard and certified NTRU. > NTRU has gained widespread acceptance and credibility since it was first presented in 1996. Many organizations, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), acknowledge the need for a public-key crypto system that is optimized for constrained mobile devices and resistant to quantum computing. NTRU’s adoption as an X9 standard is another step in that direction. etc etc people do complain about lemonade stands, and they get shut down (by police) regularly. ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/erikkain/2011/08/03/the-inexplic... ) ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3171665 ) Wow. ( http://abcnews.go.com/US/story?id=94999&page=1 ) > *Seventh-grader Ansche Hedgepeth was handcuffed, booked and fingerprinted for eating French fries in a northwest Washington subway station. 12 years old? You say this > Though the crew reported hunger, they were able to survive for two years without importing anything at all from the outside world. but the wikipedia article you link to says this > The agricultural system produced 83% of the total diet and > the medical team decided to boost oxygen with injections in January and August 1993. and > In November the hungry Biospherians began eating emergency food supplies that had not been grown inside the bubble. Mission 2 was supposed to last ten months, not two years; but it didn't even manage that. Supposedly a closed system, it was un-sealed by two members of the first mission, the captain left and was replaced (and then the replacement was replaced). But here are some nice pictures of Biosphere2 now: ( http://www.noahsheldon.com/biosphere.html ) There are more of this series, showing just how close suburbia has got to Biosphere2. > Them: You can’t take these on board. They’re liquids. > Me: No. They’re solid foods. The hummous is more of a paste than a liquid. Minor nit: the ban is on liquids, gels and pastes. (Yes, I know it's stupid.) > You know those SSL certificate warnings? You know how you always ignore them? Yeah, you shouldn't do that. They're the only warning you get that someone might have hijacked the connection to your bank or whatever. It's a shame that browsers have trained most of us to ignore the warnings, because they're the only thing making SSL useful. It's not just browsers - here's an example of a budget web / email host telling users to ignore the warning: ( http://www.purplecloud.com/webmail/ ) > When logging in your browser may warn about an invalid or untrusted SSL certificate. This is normal and can safely be ignored - the communication is fully encrypted despite this warning. People only using one computer (that no-one else uses) have nice browser based password managers. Software like Keepass or Password Safe are handy, but not great if you use more than one computer (especially if you use more than one OS.) Keeping databases both synchronised and backed-up becomes tricky. And some companies / public computers won't allow you to use such software. Trusting my passwords to the cloud just feels weird and unsafe. Science doesn't work like that. To get meaningful results you need a large sample size, with a control group, with patients not knowing whether they're getting the new medicine or the old medicine[1] and with doctors not knowing either. Then you need to write that up and analyse it. Many patients are happy to take part in such trials, but it's hard to get ethics panel approval. [1] you tend to test against current best treatment, not placebo, because almost anything works better than nothing and by the time you test the treatment in humans you need to know if this is better than what you're already doing. Ethics panels have some weird effects - ( http://www.badscience.net/2011/03/when-ethics-committees-kil... ) Case studies are lousy because they are not rigorous, and often have not had any meaningful result. See also knee arthroscopy for patients with osteo arthritis - many of these surgeries were performed before a trial with a control group was possible. That trial found that people who got the sham surgery did as well as the people who got the real surgery. Case studies are lousy, often harmful, medicine. > and I don't understand why it's not widely used. RSA, one provider of such tokens, was hacked making many of those devices worthless. RSA was hacked because someone in Personnel opened an attachment supposedly from a recruitment agency. ( http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2391951,00.asp ) Very frustrating that the expert people supplying the extra security for the people wanting extra security are the people falling for stupid stunts like "include an infected Excel file, and hope someone opens it". Sure, but if a client asks what you're doing, and you suspect they're not clueful about the work, you'd tailor your reply to as close to plain English as possible. But when you're talking to experts you correctly use jargon to rapidly communicate actual information. There's a big difference between the example you gave and "executive" speak. About 80% of the uses I see of "leverage" / "leveraged" / "leverages" are bullshit. Not just 'could be replaced by use / used / uses ' bullshit, but 'if replaced becomes meaningless' bullshit. It's not that people do not understand business talk, it's that much of it is vacuous nonsense that carries no information once you've decoded it. The underground grammarian has some stuff about this ( http://www.sourcetext.com/grammarian/ ) (although I can't remember where) when he gives an example of a legal definition for a door. It's a long, technical definition, and it's hard to understand. It's the kind of thing that people often make fun of. But he points out the context (maybe legislation about fire exits?) and says that being exact is important, and in that case it's good that there's no ambiguity. "If you want to get rich, stop being a fucking joker" ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3246259 ) > Women are more sensitive to this because they get attacked/raped by strangers a lot more often than men. Men are much more likely to be the victim of violence from strangers than women. The vast majority of violence (including sexual violence and rape) against women is from people they know; "friends", husbands, colleagues. This is a minor point though; I do agree that employers need to provide a safe environment for employees, and that women feel more at risk in dark car parks. While you're here: The gallery link appears to 404: ( http://neosmart.net/EasyBCD/gallery/album/view/neosmart/Easy... ) See also Sony offering to sell Vaios without the bundled junk for an extra $50. ( http://www.pcworld.com/article/143677/sony_removes_bloatware... ) > The way you speak and write reflects on you in more ways than people realize. It can make a Nobel Prize winner look like a hillbilly. Dyslexia can make spelling errors such as "quite" instead of "quiet" tricky to spot. I'm not aware of any software that's targets this type of heterograph / homophone errors. Some software autocorrect is notoriously annoying. People emailing close friends, where there's no expectation of wider distribution, are often less formal than they would be in other situations. And why would a Nobel prize winner be any good at English spelling and grammar? I expect Russian chemists to be great at chemistry, and let the editors worry about the stylistic stuff. I've known a few people with Anorexia Nervosa. Not just "skip a few meals, look a bit thin" anorexia, but "detained in hospital against their will in wheel-chairs with forced NG tube feeding BMI of 14" anorexics. It's pretty scary that they describe very similar feelings as you do, and you only did that for a few weeks. Also, people with bulimia tend to be overweight exactly because of the cycle of fasting and binging that you describe. I'm pleased for you that you got a good result, and I'm grateful that you stressed the riskiness. Previous post was mentioned on HN ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3317121 ) ...That's why when Nationwide Building Society got hacked their only response was to increase the number of "security" questions people had to register? Now as well as my mother's maiden name they know what my first pet was called. Sorry, I wasn't meaning to say "This is already on HN", but more "Here's some more reading for people who are interested". I need to practice my tone and style a bit. Maybe you don't remember the root-kitted Redhat boxes in Korea which were, for some years, responsible for a surprising volume of spam. Linux distributions then started shipping with un-needed services turned off, and increased broadband meant home machines were attractive targets for botnet malware. In the past anti-virus on Linux tended to be used by people with a Linux mail server and MS Windows clients. But, to bring it back to this particular discussion: It'd be fairly easy to wrap malware around a Mac OS X software. The user would need to click and give it permission to install. But how many Mac users run as admin and would just click the warning anyway? Are we going to see a lot more of this kind of thing with floods in Thailand causing shortages in traditional drives? I'm surprised, after the Japanese Sumitomo Resin Factory Fire[1], that a single point of failure still exists in the computer hardware supply chain. [1] ( http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m0EKF/is_n1971_v39/ai_... ) I don't know if "no moving parts" makes it more or less impressive. Imagining a head float on a layer of air that's 0.0125 um thick, with electro magnetic heads always impresses me. > The voice should demonstrate increased tension and panic as counting down. This part doesn't sound so useful, in a cockpit with worried pilots. Is this title chosen to sort out those who comment before reading the article? The reaction from some people - "math is pointless and it's fine to not know some really simple concepts" - is profoundly depressing. In England we have, every year, complaints that the exams are getting easier and easier. There may be some truth in that, but I'd love to see anyone complaining about how easy the exams are actually sitting one of them, and releasing their answer sheet. (I'd be fascinated to compare GCE / CSE math exams from the 60s, 70s and 80s with GCSE math exams from the late 80s, 90s, and 00s Are any full papers available?) Please could you give an example? And your new version of a question to test the same concept? I'm impressed we can build something mechanical to 0.5 microInches[1] in a mass-produced consumer grade product. And these are little bits of bent metal and coiled wired; not photographic etched wafers of chemically deposited semiconducting material. (A human hair is 200 microinches.) You're right, but there should be plenty of companies willing to fund education of very bright youth. Not many people care about those with a learning disability - see the death rates and poor health outcomes for simple illnesses. Whether it's acceptable to have the IBMs and DuPonts providing funding for education is up for debate. Seeing the god-awful job that governments make of education for regular students I'm not sure many people would be too upset. Finally: learning disabled covers a wide range; unfortunately it's sometimes used to include "people with mild dyslexia", and everything done for those people gets included in that budget. So people with severe need may not be seeing much result from that money because it's all being used for, for example, photocopying handouts onto different color paper. It shows there is potential for other funding: getting a wider variety of student into Math Olympiad is one example. > Did you look at the test? Here's one HN thread, with links to a Florida test. ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3327847 ) The Amazon site is just hideous on so many different levels. Just awful. As well as looking not great it's hard to use and some aspects (search) are broken. The Vim site looks a bit dated, but it serves its purpose. I can't really comment without seeing someone do a makeover. When I'm looking for information I prefer a bunch of nicely marked up text rather than snippets of text scattered over various shiny image heavy pages. The Vim website even tells people how to get involved with making it better - ( http://vimonline.sourceforge.net/ ) I agree, RFC2397 shows a bunch of things that can limit the length of a data URL. ( http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2397 ) Antioxidants may not do anything to prevent cancer. ( http://scienceblog.cancerresearchuk.org/2009/10/02/antioxida... ) Hoax. (Fairly obvious hoax too.) ( http://www.herald.ie/news/feckin-eejit-cloud-row-just-an-ela... ) I honestly have no idea if this is some kind of performance art or parody or whatever. > You know of many people coming up with ideas like pinch-to-zoom and just throwing them away? Minority Report - 2002 iPhone - announced Jan 2007