It's great that Miguel de Icaza posted this, with .Net being open sourced, the future Mono was uncertain. Most likely your phone has unwanted software or your carrier is injecting ads. At least it seems clean on my Android using Chrome or Firefox. I didn't even click the article because, AFAIK, no one has "unlocked" autism yet and thought it was spam. "May" or "might" would have made the tense clearer. Now that you mentioned it, I can't stop seeing the 'a's. They're really annoying. Someone at Reddit explained that these ridiculous cases come from inconsistencies between federal and state law. In most USA states, adulthood is granted at 16-17 years, but federal law states adulthood is granted at 18 years. How the prosecutor gets to convince the court that someone is both a minor and an adult illegally taking advantage of himself without being laughed at is beyond my understanding. I've been reading Lewis Dartnell's "The Knowledge: How to Rebuild our World from Scratch", and it is exactly what you want. A insightful collection of recipes to bootstrap civilization after a global disaster. http://the-knowledge.org/en-gb/the-book/ I hope I don't get to use it ever, but it is really interesting as it necessarily explains the fundamentals of our current civilization. Not OP, but I would guess the components were not to sell, but to use. You spoke to Daniel Suarez's Daemon! You made me learn that latinum is a silvery liquid. You're throwing a baseball, but at the last moment you spot a kid running into its path. You tried to stop your arm but it was already in motion. You decided half a second too late. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neuroscience_of_free_will#Over... And awfully in Firefox, full UI lag. I know Firefox's implementation makes this its fault, but come on, it doesn't hurt to test the home page in it. This put me off too, although only Firefox has responsiveness issues. I'd suppose most kids learned quickly that you could float mid fall and bypass the energy penalty. Even if you fell by accident, it cost practically nothing. We will always win at love and free will /s This would actually be great for the field. I don't think this is the place to seek cool comments. I come here precisely for the technical discussions. It is probably an issue with your video driver. No text editor should feel laggish right off the bat. The open source Radeon driver is prone to sluggishness. Damn, TIL that bar was not decorative. Probably had laser eye surgery. Doesn't seem like he uses glasses. Then why was this such a huge deal? http://www.databreaches.net/191-million-voters-personal-info... If only "in secret" really meant "only between diplomats" and not "hidden from the public but not corporations". Someone always has children. Your legacy will not be wasted. I prefer to keep the mystery and not know all about my opinions from the start. It's the small discoveries that keep the flame of love alight in our marriage. And the alert tone could be ICQ's "Uh-oh". I'm no expert, but wouldn't said seed first be baked by the heat of an impact strong enough to launch a chunk of planet to space? My ideal notes app would be a rich-text offline hierarchical organizer like CherryTree ( http://www.giuspen.com/cherrytree ) with a mobile version and synchronization thru Dropbox or similar (like KeePass). Cloud solutions are nice, and I've tried several, but it always feels more like a convenience for the provider rather than the consumer. What is this congress that imposes Helium prices worldwide? Being experimental and open source resonates with most users here, but it doesn't make the project immune from technical criticism. Aesthetically, it's an interesting proposal for minimalism, but technically, it's literally the opposite. I fear in a few decades we would buy a cheap robot and command it to scare the cats perpetually. Just 5400 more days and I'll be able to downvote! What a time to be alive! USA is the country with the highest illegal drug consumption by far, obviously it's not the will of its people. We've used Zabbix for 5 years to monitor about 200 servers/computers and 100 networked devices using a combination of TCP pings, SNMP, HTTP, SSH and the resident agent. It's really well thought, flexible beyond what we use, and configurable entirely from a web interface. There aren't good alternative to the web interfaces, though, so projects of this kind are nice. Because they insistingly invite you if you happen to land on a Facebook link? This is as simple and sustainable as you can get. Even the aluminum alternative is more wasteful. "making the website effectively racist regarding devs" Just so your communication skills improve, discrimination is not the same as racism. It's confusing. I'd think it means it shrunk 0-2 times by an indeterminate amount. Just a thought: some times, when you start to feel the side effects, it's too late to correct them, specially if it's organ failure. Please read the side effects. That certainly would freak out anybody. How Skynet was born: - SYSTEMD IS AN ABERRATION AGAINST ALL THAT IS UNIX! - But A.I, you use systemd to boot... There's an annual celebration between the cities of Brownsville, Texas and Matamoros, Tamaulipas which could have been the precursor of this idea. It's called "Día del Charro" (Charro Day) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charro_Days . The two cities are in such good terms that even in the late eighties migration control was suspended one day so people could freely cross forth and back to see the parade starting in downtown Brownsville and ending in downtown Matamoros. This free crossing was discontinued due to federal laws, but the two cities remain as close as ever. Wow, you're good. You easily reverse engineered their reverse engineering. It's surprising that a dedicated phisher would go so blatantly overboard, knowing it would stand like a sore thumb. This wasn't spearphishing, it was regular phishing in a pond. Have you considered non-propietary alternatives in your stack solely to reduce licencing? I understand technology choices are shaped by many factors, I'm just curious. I believe the sentiment is not "wanting to stickg to one thing", but rather "we keep fixing development by adding more layers and complexity". So? They'd lay eggs with wings. Come on, at least buy a few nice wallpapers, carpet or curtains. Something good enough to look nice but cheap enough you can leave behind if you move. It wasn't Chinese then, but it is now. My first guess was closed source :/ Just keep in mind that's against Apple's EULA. Yes. Next question. I'll just leave this here http://xkcd.com/1597/ For their price, Teslas shouldn't break that easily. And obligatory SMBC http://smbc-comics.com/index.php?db=comics&id=1623 They could colonize not to actually interact with the environment there, but for computing resources and redundancy. Waiting for the jump upgrade for the iBot. Somehow, it's reassuring to see how 45 years later, the rm -rf class of problem still persists. Dualism is the technobabble of philosophy. This is awful, but if you use a smartphone, this is about the same telemetry that has been collected on you for years. Microsoft is just keeping up with the times. And maybe multiple non-touch monitors, where the comfortable mobile interface feels cartoonish. Are you a time traveler from 50 years ago? I think you answered yourself why D is not more popular with the "cool kids". C++/Java/C# are overengineered, verbose, horrible languages to use. Java is a bastard of C++, and C# is the better looking bastard. Yes we use them, and even like them in a weird Stockholm Syndrome way, but they're not fun to work with. We use them because we need them, not because we enjoy them. Disclaimer: the personal pronoun "we" as used here means the author plus zero or more people. ... on your own lawn? This is my question as well. We do that at fairs for fun, a spinning habitat seems very feasible. If you care so much about being on topic, please keep politics out of this discussion. > have a bias for full-width sites and browsers. Ah, of course. He's using it wrong! "70% of accidents near stop sign intersections are from stop sign violations" Wow, who would have thought? But only if we break it with the savage might of atomic power! This strategy is likely to make your employer keep you until they can find a replacement at their convenience. "In order to maintain a tolerant society, the society must be intolerant of intolerance". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradox_of_tolerance They could lower the threshold until they get an acceptable proportion of false positives, but I wouldn't want to be one of those false positives. Wayland finally. The tortuous Mir and Unity crusade is over, I'm willing to bear with whatever is broken in this release if it means Ubuntu working with actual industry standards, specially in the graphics area. It's not the first time they've done this, they adopted SystemD instead of their own Upstart as soon as it was deemed the standard. It is my understanding that difficult tasks should be attempted before banging one's head against the wall. I'm lost, why is it relevant that "in France, we have 7 days to cancel a purchase"? I prefer to call it "C Gone Wild". To support your point, blue (the color) is "azul" is Spanish, but blue (the feeling) is "triste". As a native Spanish speaker, I was lost for a few seconds with your example. It rings as true to me. I've been to small towns in Catalonia, and while most people figures I'm Mexican and treat me as a tourist, a few locals would feign not understanding a word of Spanish and would only speak to you in Catalan, even if you're trying to buy something from them. I don't think so. The iPhone was revolutionary because suddenly you had a lot of sensors and the power to use them in creative ways. There are still sensors that could be added to devices of this price range that, coupled with new apps, would make them cool again: infrared vision, range finder, molecular scanner, etc. Imagine pointing your camera to find an A/C leak inside the wall, or scanning fruit for their ripeness, or measuring furniture at the store to see if it fits in your house/door. Hell, it could even alert you if you have bad breath. Before the iPhone, the best smartphones were Symbian or Blackberries. The iPhone was ridiculously better in every aspect. The market was ripe as people realized they wanted to trade battery life for more powerful devices, after the success of the iPod and the iPaq (not a typo, the PDAs from Compaq/HP). It was a revolution then, and it happened so fast Nokia and RIM were left in the dust. "it was that the things on the screen behaved fluidly when you manipulated them, without lag, allowing you to use the interface _while forgetting that there was an interface there in the first place_." This. Playing solitaire by easily flicking the cards away was magic back then. If postal packages arrived in milliseconds, there would be no need for express delivery. My condolences. Its a very unfair match when only one side gets to make the rules. The business guys who are into watches tend to buy fakes that can fool people like them. FTFY In that light, his performance has been stellar. Not even personal threats to him or his family sway this guy, he'll be the perfect scapegoat when this is over. This was all Ajit's fault, but he's been sacked from public office, rejoice! Come on, it's obvious it's shaped like a penguin. The change in albedo is caused by the rotation needed to maintain gravity for the small alien penguins within. Reading your comment feels like licensing software from Microsoft. I just pay a fixed monthly amount for unmetered data, and I wouldn't have it any other way. It's already 22 minutes old by now, we can trust it. > The entire tech industry, including some of the wealthiest companies in the world, will most certainly rebel against any attempt by ISPs to threaten net neutrality Have you noticed not many tech companies have complained? Did telecom win by attrition, or did they negotiate after the last failure? "Lasers can't even penetrate our navigation shields. Don't they know that?" > How are you going to get food distributed across the country without fossil fuels You would distribute less and source more locally. No more bananas or mangoes. That was the idea behind the "reduce our standard of living" phrase. “The cellphone manufacturers want you to keep a minimum distance away from your body and you should find out what that distance is,” Couldn't be more vague, what a useless recommendation. Also, don't keep smartwatches next to your body! > completely reset me installation to stock I'm picturing a very upset buccaneer. Maybe the Corporatocracy is inevitable, only with stupid names instead of Weyland-Yutani or OmniCorp. Imagine a Ferengi/HAL9000 hybrid: "I've still got the greatest enthusiasm and confidence in this quarter's projections." Good point. When the NSA started going crazy and spied everyone, it was the first time I saw the "It's not OK to spy on USA citizens, but it's OK for foreign citizens" reasoning. I don't know if it was used as openly before. Or, you know, charge ONCE instead of yearly. The "membership" should be an entry barrier, not a revenue source. I hope he ran the Hollywood script while the password cracker ran modestly in the background https://github.com/dustinkirkland/hollywood Did you establish your company before or after Afghanistan was given "freedom"? Until someone names their firstborn Block Chain, we're not there yet. Buroku chan is acceptable too. We as developers might have plenty of RAM to waste, but our users usually don't. If it runs well on our machine but not in the users', what good is it? Even if it runs well on the users' machines, how many resource-heavy applications can they run concurrently? Will they have to close one to open another? Take my hand, I'll guide you back to Reddit. It's not that fascinating. Dying without reproducing happens all the time to many creatures. Missing one's genetic legacy is something the world most likely won't notice. In my experience, they only repost pictures on Facebook about how motherly love is unconditional and infinite. Also, check your family history. If you are a descendant of Arathorn, those spirits might be persuaded to be your personal army as atonement. Single data point: Many years ago, I suffered a severe concussion and was unconscious for a while. For a couple of days I heard voices calling my name even when alone. While my inner dialogue is clearly internal, those voices were spontaneous, which felt eerily external. I think those were flashbacks of people talking to me while I was unconscious. I propose a middle ground with "whorenalist". Is devops really meant to keep microcode patches up to date? Isn't hardware and OS security sysadmin work? > An alternative to an acoustic-optic modulator is the electroptic deflector. There are a few types but the readily available type uses a quadrupole electric field on a lithium niobate crystal. This generates a linear refractive index gradient in one plane that can be adjusted on a ultra fast time scale. This gives the ability to change the deflection angle of a suitably polarised beam propagating down the quadrupole axis. With fast pulse generators the deflection speed can be good enough to achieve deflection by several diffraction angles in perhaps 10 ps. This sounds like something Geordi LaForge would say. It's more underbought than underrated. The X is better than cheaper iPhones, but not that better as to justify its price. Since Apple releases subjective statements instead of hard numbers about iPhone X sales, I have to go by personal anecdote. In my circle, where at least one person always buys the new iPhone, there isn't a single iPhone X owner. I know several would love to have it, but the improvements vs. the previous generation can't justify the expense. My opinion is similar. Before the announcement, I wanted to change my Android for an iPhone. After seeing the price, I'll go with a vastly more capable Android again. "A new scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die, and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it." - Max Planck Imagine stubborn, immortal scientific/economic/government/etc. leaders. > Ending a case that electrified punctuation pedants, grammar goons and comma connoisseurs, Oakhurst Dairy settled an overtime dispute with its drivers that hinged entirely on the lack of an Oxford comma in state law. I see no Oxford comma there. Am I missing something? I think you might enjoy this Sci Fi novel: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voyage_from_Yesteryear I hope she wins because that requisite is dumb. You can endorse a $50 check but you can't endorse a multimillion lottery ticket? No Fucking Bueno > I realize that the proper solution is to terminate my account and never attempt to log back in I've had a "terminated" account that occasionally gets emails inviting me to "Log back in with one click". When I originally tried to delete the account, it told me it would be actually erased a month after. That was 6 years ago. It's a sad state of affairs when one can't tell whether China really has backdoors on Huawei phones, or USA just wants you to use phones with their own backdoors. Too much smoke and mirrors. Agreed. If they were humans, that would be entire towns lost. Wow, sounds real mature. >a completely insane Nixon proposed nuking North Vietnam Knowing someone sane held back the insane leaders of each superpower gives me hope for the future. If humanity was truly hopeless, we wouldn't be here. Ah, thanks. Now I understand. I'm all for leaving a religious calendar and using the Holocene calendar. Just add 10,000 to your dates and you're set. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holocene_calendar If you don't mind videos, here's a good explanation of it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czgOWmtGVGs Is it? Since Facebook knows which browser you used to login, it would be reasonable to expect one scan for each computer you sign in. I guess you could copy the entire browser profile so it thinks it's the same machine, but that's even harder for your regular user. "Yes, father. VirtualBox.org... Yes, .org, not .com... Without spaces, yes... Remind me, do you have Windows 32bit or 64bit?" OTOH, I was pretty sure I wouldn't get to see the 10K problem, even less the 10M problem, and I intend to keep it that way. In other words, r/Programming is like the r/RoastMe of programming. Take everything with several grains of of salt. I have to admit, a resume that lists superpowers is easy to remember. This punishment looks unusual, though. Shkreli called too much attention towards these unethical business model, but there are more people doing it. If he's the only one convicted that harshly, it just sends a signal that you can do it, but with more discretion. So there's little water on Saturn! but wait, since Saturn is about 300 times the size of earth, and Earth's mass is just 1/4000th water, I'm still utterly confused as how much it is compared to us. Odd choice, indeed. > I hope we become better so we can emerge as the role model that we once were. USA is still a role model on many areas: cultural, economic, military, etc. It was never a moral role model, although that didn't deter the government of boasting about it anyway. And to think this article was written in 2000: "Clinton Forecasts Debt-Free Nation" http://abcnews.go.com/US/story?id=94572 And in 2012: "The Untold Story Of How Clinton's Budget Destroyed The American Economy" http://www.businessinsider.com/how-bill-clintons-balanced-bu... Thanks, messed the years. Corrected. > The bones have unfortunately since been lost, and so cannot be analysed. Someone needed Amelia's bones in his private collection? What infuriates me most about minimalism is when attempt an action, and the UI accepts your input but does nothing. No error message, no hint as to what you did wrong, because that wouldn't be minimalist. Minimalism these days imitates half-finished. What about disturbing their Oort cloud analog, spawning rogue comets? It might if he blocked it. Reddit has a large user base and a myriad of subreddits where different solutions have been tried. So far, the best I've seen is strong moderation: clear rules and swift enforcement. AskScience is a shining example of a high quality subreddit, although the comment section usually looks like a graveyard with 90% of the comments removed. YYYY-03-14 Wear OS sounds kinda silly in Mexico, and probably most Spanish-speaking countries. It sounds like "güeros", which is blondes in Spanish, and a (good-natured) euphemism for "gringo" in Mexico. It's difficult to take it seriously. On a related topic, webOS is rarely spoken because it sounds like "huevos", eggs in Spanish and another euphemism for testicles. We know our TVs have it, but no one mentions it in a serious setting because everyone would think the TV is very brave. This. They didn't have money, so they bartered with information. He's saying that the ideal is zero shootings. Having fewer shootings is good and can be appreciated, but the ideal goal is still zero. That would require gasp employing more humans! The management algorithms would not approve! You might want to correct a typo in the landing page: "Our indespensible reports..." > as it matured and catered to more and more 'normal' people it introduced the concept of folders I think it has more to do with capacity growth. Relying in tag+search would be insane if most queries returned hundreds of files, As native to one of the countries affected by Manifest destiny, I can assure USA's foreign policy never has had the moral high ground, but it just liked to say it did. Seeing how faster it is for me (compared to the web interface) to keep up to date with HackerNews after the weekend, I disagree. RSS is excellent to sift and pick many articles. First make it work, then make it correct, then document it, then make it efficient, then make it pretty. Rarely all stages are reached, but in open source projects, anyone can cook their favorite dish for this dinner. > I object to it asking for far more access than it needs, before you're even able to see the product you're granting access to. If after trying it, you don't like it and revoke its access, it's fine. The most meaningful data was probably siphoned already. Obligatory exec() mention. I tried and it's not worth it. You get much more free time, but all your schedule revolves around always having a place to take a nap on time. Miss your schedule and you fall back to normal sleep pretty quick. Besides that, my impression was that injuries heal slower with polyphasic sleep. What do you think about sleeping pills? I disagree. If you make something, THE thought is that it fulfills its function correctly. I wouldn't pursue an excellent UX if the inner workings are buggy. You're right. They are supposed to get you used to a sleep schedule, not to force you to sleep every night. They can't be used forever. As someone else already suggested, meditation might be worth trying. Some people find it harder to calm their thoughts, but those are usually the most benefited. > The engineer in question now has to support multiple variants of the driver, and QA has to acquire several of these screens and maintain a dedicated test rack of them. Conversely, the update just needs to reliably detect if the screen is Apple brand, and abort the update if it's not. If this can be done, then the current driver could be considered generic and working everywhere, and the engineer would just need to maintain the generic and the current version. That is, if Apple didn't mind to pay for making easier for third parties to get sales instead of Apple. Somehow I don't think that's the case. Please, developers, don't use back ticks. They're not as accessible in other keyboard layouts. I'd prefer no quotes, but that would restrict the dictionary to keys without spaces. Maybe square brackets, since anyone using python already types those to access dictionary keys. Even if it's all-or-nothing and no generic drivers are implemented, it's better to deny new features than to cripple a working device. Apple defines the third-party market with how much documentation it releases. This is not a technical or practical problem, it's Apple not easing its iron grip, as it always does. Flashing a custom ROM I guess. Most are made by enthusiasts, so while amazing, there are no hard guarantees about performance and security. Despite that, a custom ROM feels like having a modern device again. All the marketing-driven little walls are gone. "The NES Homebrew Scene Is Driven by Nostalgia" Hey, why isn't anyone reading our article? Sure, Download the source from https://source.android.com/setup/build/downloading . The driver is in kernel/drivers/input/touchscreen. Unless the Pixel 2's touchscreen is so weird that it needs a new driver, this will work for everyone. This one? https://news.ycombinator.com/rss > I looked at it, but that doesn't actually tell me the touchscreen interface. It just tells me the bits they're currently using. I have to agree with you on this. This is not a full hardware specification, it just tells how the hardware should behave up until the driver was released. Modern open source hardware is still far in the future. I prefer ActionScript to all the other languages I've learned/worked with (C#, Java, PHP, Python, Lisp, etc). So thanks but no thanks. Oh, wait... You have to admire their ingenuity in fighting smartphone addiction by selling you another smart device. Except governments should watch the interests of their citizens, not only those of their shareholders. Sadly, that's why I said "should". Imagine those same governments being actual corporations... maybe your standing as a citizen would be measured by how many shares you own. Oh, I'm not drinking through a straw, I'm actually pushing the liquid up using the atmosphere. If the Hubble observations end up fitting old boring theories, I fear those scientists might release a new Universe.js framework on their own. A modern, beautiful and almost as performant universe than the native one, Could you open it to more countries? Seems nice, but it's not in Mexico's App Store. I'm using FeeddlerRSS out of the limited options of good RSS readers in my country, but I'd like to try others. I apologize, it is there. I assumed it wasn't because the search "Telescope" showed some apps ending with "scope", then some astronomy apps and after that a bunch of non-related games. Thanks. This is one of the strangest stories of Reddit, both scary and useful. Glad to see it here. Even if all people started reading, fully understanding, and declining those contracts, they can be made longer so people stop reading them again. Let's be real. You can't expect everyone to be fluent in legalese, just as you can't expect everyone to learn plumbing, masonry, electricity or carpentry just to pick the right contractor when remodeling your house. Fixed link: https://imgur.com/a/BsaC6ZA Unless you're in dire need of thousands of wallpapers (most of them you are going to delete anyway) it's better not to hammer the website. I'd even limit the download rate. When Google Reader died, I tried several alternatives including Feedly. At that time it could import your feeds, but it didn't do export. I don't now, but I didn't want to use a service that locked-in RSS feeds. I really like Jeeps too, but they give 14 mpg at their best, so 20mpg does seem good relatively, and 30mpg impossible, even if many sedans can reach it. I guess it would be maddening. At least in the tank you can still move, speak, blink, touch, breathe, etc. Much more importantly, in a vat you'd have your entire central nervous system exposed, that could be painful. > I've wondered sometimes whether we're headed towards a post-privacy world If post-privacy worked both ways, I'm all for a future like that, it would be a transparency utopia. I'm amazed HN launched in 2007, this was written in 2013 and for 5 years no one has added new definitions yet. I've been using Ubuntu almost since it started, because it works and I sure as hell don't miss fiddling with X modelines or compiling my own kernel. I've stuck with the standard Ubuntu, but have tried all the flavors because I wish some degree of customization, and Gnome wishes less every time. Unfortunately they are not as polished. Since Ubuntu is so great anyway, I try to convince myself that less customization means less wasted time. > Dragging a window to the top of the screen maximizes the window. FOR GODS SAKE WHY. It must be great for avoiding accidental unlocks, but I always feel a bit dirty swiping up the mouse to unlock. I'm sorry your curiosity declined after college. Well, Apple's logo is a sideways bitten apple. It's a cartoon too, just more stylish. The first time I was telling a fellow .Net developer about the awesomeness of Firefox vs Internet Explorer, I thought the 3D view would blow his mind. It crashed instead. Waiting for someone to advocate free markets and how the markets regulate themselves. Any time now. That extension is just a placebo. It doesn't exclude search results, it just hides them. If your search returns many unwanted results, enjoy paginating a handful of links at a time. It filters only web searches; news, images, videos, etc. are not. I used and dropped it last year. Maybe it has improved, but I doubt it will ever replace the removed "block this site" feature Google had. That worked. Ideal for those times when the echo chamber is not enough. I don't get why people expect privacy on information they made publicly available. It's hardly stalking if your information is just a few clicks away. > You can't really design a perfect virus Just design several good-enough viruses. Because if they pay to get the troll away, it will attract more trolls. How can that be? Are buried ancient bones indistinguishable from buried recent bones? In my country there's an aphorism that roughly translates as "Tell me what you boast about and I'll tell you what you lack". ¿Where is this magical world where you study up to your twenties and retire at your 30s? Can deposit cash in their account as easily? That was the main hurdle in the parent post. I might add, in my country you can still deposit cash in any account, but the bank is required to declare cash deposits beyond $1,000 USD in the same month. > Honestly, I don't believe any company would "do the right thing". Companies exist to make money, as much as they possibly can. Don't forget that companies are a tool for people to make money, It they lack ethics it's because a) the people who run them lack ethics, or b) they are too removed from the operation it only means a quarterly stream of money. I think granting legal personhood to conceptual entities was one of the biggest mistakes of capitalism. This reminded of a famous fraud in the Mexican Lottery. It was low-tech, basically the company that transmits the draw managed to record it minutes before, tell insiders the numbers and later transmit the video as if it was real-time. $12 million USD were stolen, only $8 million were recovered. The lotteries here (besides the statistical argument) are not trustworthy. I urge people who buy tickets to save their money, but the dream of getting rich instantly is too alluring. Only if it includes a lightweight and fast electron client. I wish there was a book that collected famous security incidents in this writing style. > efficent immigration A couple of years ago I had to take a connected flight where one of the stops was in USA. I was never going to leave the airport, yet I had to form in a line while immigration was doing the routine bottleneck check on dozens of travelers, while my flight time was getting dangerously close. We just had to suck it up, any complaining just brought additional delays. The check was fairly automated, I guess they just needed more agents, or less gratuitous revisions. If aliens were like our whales, for example, there isn't going to be much communication anyway. No civilization, no technology, no dwellings, clothing, artifacts, or any significant culture. No effective strategy to outsmart predators. Aliens mainly devoted to eating, finding a mate, procreating and fooling around. I have the feeling Roombas aren't capable of dirt-diving yet, even if paired with the cloud. Internet friendships can be very rewarding because you can easily find people with compatible interests, hobbies, etc. If only they weren't as superficial, otherwise loneliness would be a solved problem by now. Take their word with a grain of salt. Some philosophers have said reality doesn't exist, or that you can't arrive anywhere because there is an infinite number of distances to traverse. I'd argue that too much philosophy will also get you in trouble for abstracting reality too much. How about "Alright sweetheart, just tell me what the last chain message I sent said." They have a bit of speculation, but if you seek to introspect and challenge your convictions, they're excellent books. 'Sapiens' specially. I will answer you with a song: It's been a long road Getting from there to here It's been a long time But Py3 is finally here And I will see my dreams come alive at night I will touch the sky And Py2's not gonna hold me down no more No it's not gonna change my mind In other words: Let it go, let it go... > Yes I check my phone at last once every few minutes when I'm at home, does that made me an "addict"? Probably. Many applications (web, desktop or mobile) today are designed to maximize interaction. They try to tickle our reward loop as often as possible, and vie for our attention between themselves. They manipulate us into devoting them our attention while feeling good about it. On the other hand, we tend to constantly crave for entertainment. If it wasn't apps, it would be TV, movies, newspapers, books, etc. I guess we can't be helped. That's the concept of minimal viable population ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minimum_viable_population ). Basically it means how much inbreeding is acceptable to have viable descendants. I understand. In fact, classifying individual social insects as organs doesn't sit well with me also, it feels more like philosophy than biology. I think it also ignores other possibilities that could explain why sexual reproduction is reserved to a subset of a population, but well, I don't teach evolution. Changing by not changing. In my very limited experience, the few philosophers I've known are teachers or earn their living doing something else. This tells me philosophy is not terribly practical, at least as it is being taught now. It is my impression that they love debating between themselves about the most impractical subjects, writing their thoughts in long form, and being extravagant. I am most likely prejudiced because, as an engineer, my education has always been utilitarian. Maybe we really are in an anti-philosophy era and I am just one more ignorant. Philosophy was incredibly relevant in past eras, for some time it was all of science itself. As the different disciplines gained their own identity and took their toys, philosophy decreased. I'd argue applied philosophy, as compared to purist philosophy, is very relevant today. Just like mathematics. > If you remain unconvinced, try meditating for like 5 minutes. That is, focus on nothing but your breath for as long as possible. You could not avoid having other thoughts pop into your head even if your life depended on it. The secret is not avoiding thoughts, but having the same thought (a blank canvas, a black void, your breathing, etc.) for five minutes. I'm not sure if animals go to Sto-Vo-Kor, though. He asks "Have you had to make changes to the services you integrate with or create new technology" and your answer has spreadsheets. I bet that was unexpected. > Whereas chimps will usually only copy something if they completely see how doing that action will produce this desirable outcome, human infants will copy whole sequences of actions even though they haven’t a clue what the value is of the thing that they’re copying. Might be because human children are better at socializing. http://sciencenetlinks.com/science-news/science-updates/apes... The Crays look futuristic even by today's standards. Having a supercomputer that could kill you with poisonous gas is the epitome of futuristic. Visited it two years ago. It is humbling to see a ship that size and beauty, although partially restored, it speaks of its time. For some reason I never made the correlation between overengineering and the Vasa. I probably classified it subconsciously as a front-end issue. Come on, we can solve that by adding a message queue manager in between. Whenever in doubt, just throw more layers at the problem. I'm more worried about how to type them with a standard QWERTY keyboard. Fake news increase user engagement. I don't think Tweeter can convince its shareholders to invest in lowering user engagement. Months ago, our current president, Enrique Peña Nieto, announced the capture of a corrupt governor that was on the run. When the governor was at large, people complained that he let him escape because they're from the same party. When the governor was captured, people complained that he was captured because elections were nearing. Peña Nieto said to his detractors: "no hay chile que les embone" (there's no dick that fits you). Typical Mexican humor, juvenile but very concise. People have many usage patterns. I prefer commenting rather than submitting, some people just lurk, others might submit without commenting. It wouldn't surprise me if there were people who just lurks and upvotes because downvoting requires participation. I guess you could hire an overqualified employee as a favor, because he really seems to need the job. He will be happy for a few months until he finds something better. It's up to you. > Any ire at forthcoming regulation should be directed at the bad actors, like Facebook and Google. Agreed, but the buyers of said information should be scrutinized too. If they are willing to pay money for that information, what are they using it for? I had the luck of being overqualified for my first job, straight out of college. I did X (CAD), but I chose my career because I wanted to be a developer. I did Y (sysadmin) because I showed my employer that I could do more. For half a year I did X+Y for the salary of X because I was young, optimistic and eager to please... until they hired a real sysadmin because surely he could do Y better than someone who does X and Y on the side. From this I learned that being overqualified is a risky proposition. Even if your team appreciates the added value, your company might have other plans. I believe it's better to tighten your belt and wait for a more suitable opportunity than risk hurting your career growth. BTW, your phrasing is perfectly fine. Try to read mine. I also don't subscribe to panspermia because first local origin must be reasonably proved unfeasible, but playing devil's advocate ¿what if our life tree outcompeted the others? And since panspermia is necessarily done with microbes, they would get outnumbered and munched by our microbes if they arrived after our tree dominated our planet. Unless other planets happened to give birth to hardier, more virulent microbes, then welcome Andromeda Strain. "Aliens gave it to them". This puts panspermia in a new light, thank you. > some plan which would guarantee some people would investigate and kill everyone in any substantial way affiliated with the kidnapping -- and to loudly communicate the existence of this policy in advance. [...] US citizenship largely serves this purpose I'd like to call this the "little madman theory". > Just by using DenseNet-BC-100-12 I ended up with 83% ROC AUC after a few hours of training Of course! Using DenseNet-BC-100-12 to increase ROC AUC, it was so obvious! I like KDE, but I like Ubuntu more. I've tried Kubuntu, but it's too unstable to be my daily desktop. Gnome is too limiting, but at least it is stable enough. Fishing out poop from the toilet? No. Buy latex gloves and poop in your hand like every self-respecting primate. > If legislator didn't want cartels to exist, drugs wouldn't be made illegal in the first place. Cartels are far from dedicated to just drugs. Anything illegal that means money is their turf: kidnapping, ransom, prostitution, human trafficking, and a long etc. Let's be blunt: many people push drug legalization because they just want recreational drugs, not because they want to fight crime. If all drugs were legalized, the cartels would still launder money from other areas, and you can't legalize everything that makes them money. This has me wondering, what Microsoft wants GitHub for? It's not like they can't use it without owning it, and I doubt they want to improve it as it is. Probably they want control before integrating it with their products. > For most people emojis (and animojis) have opened a whole new way to communicate with each other Emojis I agree, they are standardized and their meaning is clear by convention. Animojis? That's just salespeak for snapchat-like filters. They're funny but the novelty wears off the same day. What's the deal with the recent flood of anti-Tesla news? Does someone want to buy Tesla stock, or is Tesla just no longer cool? Or just plain extinguish. CITIZEN: OUR AUTOMATIC TEXT ANALYSIS HAS DETECTED INTENTION OF VANDALISM AND YOUR REPUTATION WAS LOWERED 50 POINTS. YOU ARE NO LONGER ALLOWED TO ENTER PUBLIC PARKS. IF YOUR REPUTATION FALLS BELOW ZERO YOU WILL BE ENCOURAGED TOWARDS THE NEAREST CITIZEN ENHANCEMENT CENTER. YOUR REMAINING REPUTATION IS 42. For example, coworkers who use the bathroom and just rinse their hands. That is worse for my psyche than working from home. This is even more important if public servants see this narrative as a way to score easy support, and propose ad hoc policies to do so. This doesn't just waste resources, it's evading the real hard problems because they're hard. What does it have to do people using the bathroom and not washing their hands with my junk? I can only suppose you mean everyone can just rinse his hands after using the urinal because his genitals are clean. They aren't, unless your sweat is both antiseptic and insecticide. Anyway, I meant using toilets too, not just urinals. > Uber is already has incentive to keep the surge pricing reasonable -- not only do they suffer from spoilage, but if a driver clocks in during the surge and doesn't get a rider, he's less likely to clock in during the next surge. I disagree. Since Uber takes a percent of the price, it's in its best interest that the surge scales fast. 5X is unreasonable, it should be capped at 3X. It's not like the Honolulu Uber drivers would multiply as the surge increases, the service is already maxed out and has become first come first served. No. Everything can be a calling. Many of us didn't learn coding because it was lucrative, we learned at a young age because the intimate relationship between mind and machine drew us further in. You played a game and wondered how it was programmed, how could a bit of light in the screen could know when other bit of light touched it? It was a challenging and rewarding hobby that luckily turned lucrative. Even if it cost me money, I would still code things as a hobby. If coding didn't exist, I'm sure I would be doing electronics. Curiously, once I dreamed electronics also didn't exist, so I had to become a watchmaker. I hope not. Humans have their inner demons, but historically, noble causes have revolved around reining them. I thought you would mention Discovery. That show has strayed even further from Roddenberry's vision, but at the same time tries too hard to still be part of it via references. Enterprise, even with all its problems, managed to stay in spirit better. > "American" is used as the demonym pretty much everywhere in the world other than Central America and South America. Solely by misappropriation. America was world-wide known as a continent before England sent their colonizers. Somehow migrating to America was misappropriated as meaning "migrating to the English colonies in America". Somehow the United States of America became the only America. I have the theory that if their name had been less generic, say United States of New England, The word America would have retained its original meaning. Question: What is the temperature of a red giant? Aristo's Answer: Measure how cold or hot something is Confidence: 39.95% Question: What is the temperature of a star? Aristo's Answer: 3000-35000 Confidence: 53.79% If it means Kelvins, it's a great answer. Question: What is the temperature of a Alpha Centauri? Aristo is not sure about this one... Aristo's best guess: Excess binding energy is given off by the kinetic energy of the alpha particle and sometimes by the emission of gamma energy. Confidence: 3.63% This is almost philosophical: Question: What happens when we die? Aristo is not sure about this one... Aristo's best guess: the weeds die but the bean plants do not. Confidence: 17.29% It has nothing to do with language, it's about regional identity. Imagine if the French told Europe that France is now Europe, and what was Europe will now be called the Europes. It wouldn't matter if they say it in French or German. I guess it's a heavy-handed way of discouraging third-party distribution as a printed or electronic book. Legalese is bad for transparency, but oversimplification can be harmful too. Sorry, Bob. I can't make it to the BBQ event this year. My grill's CPU just died. Kids are weird. I used to look for a horned lizard, give it a tour of my house, and release it if it looked stressed. If it didn't, I'd take it to school in my shirt pocket. A big one in particular seemed happy as a pet and lived permanently in our backyard. I still find them pretty cool, but I don't think I'd chase another ever. Specially now that I know they shoot blood when scared. I hope it comes from Ubiquitous, because I could never quite understand Ubik :) Suppose we could make it triple-redundant and call it "The Raman Grill". I think your mistake was thinking that traveling was the goal. It just widens a bit the path you're following to your actual goal. I envy you for those experiences, though. They must be interesting. Because the market by itself is just the law of the jungle, it has no moral compass. The market has to be encouraged towards a good outcome for humanity. For varying degrees of "the market". Most people represent an insignificant part of it. The default Formats setting for the built-in camera app is "High efficiency", which saves as HEIF/HEIVC. You have to change it to "Most compatible" to use JPEG/H.264. That's in the Photos app settings. I have no idea if Google Photos does automatic conversion too. I think someone mentioned before in this thread the syncing between Android and iPhone using Google Photos and finding the format incompatible on Android. Crazy how 20 years ago you could open an .EXE sent to you by email and it was just a silly Flash game. That's some Bilbo Baggins phrasing. It's telling if no hard numbers were divulged. > a society that forces people into self medication of all forms From personal experience, I believe it's not society forcing anything, but a character flaw that encourages self-gratification in the short term. That flaw can be bypassed, don't give up if you're not happy about it. I was talking specifically about Marijuana addiction, OP's topic. Why not a repipe gluing operator so that foo%$%bar %>%>% f() is equivalent to (f(foo(bar)), f(bar(foo))) I'm just kidding, but please no more cryptic symbols in Python's syntax, if it can be solved with functions instead. We have other languages to scratch that itch. I haven't read the PEP, so I don't know the trade-offs, but I'm not loving this (:=) syntactic sugar either. Without knowing meteorology, I would think it had to do with storm clouds / volcanoes more than height. Oh, Nahuatl speaking people, how rare! They must be very busy maintaining the Nahuatl Wikipedia https://nah.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cal%C4%ABxatl The correct spelling of the Nahuatl root is "āhuacatl". Utah was just a small part of a vast region where proto-nahuan languages are theorized to have dominated. Proper Nahuatl is Aztec. After abducting a humpback whale from the past and delivering it to an unknown spaceship, I say the prime directive is moot regarding whales. My first, well-earned downvote goes to you. Habanero chili is extremely hot but has a sweet, fruity flavor. I haven't tasted piri piri chili, but I'm sure this sauce is delicious. I'm kinda upset the chilis are deseeded, though. "You see that big city past that mountain range? Use it as a marker to measure the planet's rotation." This would have been great. BLM, feminism, etc. should aim for equality first. That's the main problem. At least for cuneiform tablets, somewhere I read most of them are utterly boring, mostly inventory and transactions. Maybe you could pass years sifting through it to finally find something valuable. Definitely. Often adding more hardware is justified because developer time is more valuable, but if you're wasting the time or resources of thousands of users, it shouldn't be acceptable. Seeing comments here of people who want mobile-like or web-like features in Thunderbird, I feel old school, but daaamn, 11? That's 6+ years of piled remote vulnerabilities. Clearly Thunderbird is not to your liking and you should try other clients. Why this crazy obsession for meteoric growth? If Netflix tops paid subscribers, it's likely doing incredibly well. Hell, even free subscribers make enormous amounts of money to Facebook. Now I understand why the augments are so unruly. Step 1: Don't install Flash Step 2: Can't take test Step 3: Fail test Wait, if 1 / 0 = infinity, then infinity * 0 = 1 This seems just as bizarre, since zero times anything shouldn't become 1, no matter how big or how many times you do it. > Games had a structured environment, with rewards for specific actions, rewards that I did not find in my real life with doing anything Which is something reality can't provide: short-term rewards disproportionate to the effort made. Oh, my. Are you sure you're not addicted to doing things? This. Addiction is a temporary escape from reality, and anything that offers such escape can become addictive: games, Netflix, drugs, training, hiking, social networks, books, etc. Funny how many financial headings are needlessly alarmist, using words like "panic", "plummet", "scare", "sharp". They look made more for scaring the masses than actually inform. This also happens with currency exchange rates, at least here in Mexico. Some times every news outlet reports a 15 cent slide as "the peso plummeting", seemingly inciting people to buy US dollars. Then, after a week or two, the exchange rate is not important anymore. Godwin's law in the wild. Nice. We could call it RedditNews, or maybe VoatNews. > E.T. being such a travesty to the art of video game creation People love to bash E.T., but it was a good game for its time, just hard to grasp without the included manual. Yeah, don't eat those too. I find it interesting how the url ends with "ietf_draft_proposes_encrypted_message_security_for_all", which is a lot better that the article's title: "Elders of internet hash out standards to grant encrypted message security for world+dog". I'm willing to bet the one who chose the new title also chose the accompanying image. No, Jesus! Just download the illegal files. > reset your phone to factory settings, travel, and then restore your data to your phone Except traveling with a blank phone will probably make you more suspicious. What are you trying to hide, citizen? > Shareholders [..] to keep happy. In my opinion, this is the biggest flaw of the system. For many investors, a company is less about what it makes and more like a process to grow their money. Even when a company becomes profitable, there's always pressure to make it even more profitable quarter after quarter. I recognize jokes are rare here, but that one was borderline at most. Reddit is where that comment would birth a chain of Galaxy Quest references. There is a cartoon where a scientist travels to the future and finds the world has become an utopia. A friendly host shows the scientist the wonders of his world, and then says something like "no one is poor or hungry anymore, we have everything to cover everyone's needs, even a beautiful house for each". The scientists asks "Why not two houses?". The end panel is the scientist getting back into his machine while a nuclear mushroom looms in the background. My point is, people doesn't seem to be made to be fully happy. Yes, we enjoy the high of happiness, but soon we come down and take it for granted, then something else we don't have is what will make us happy. I think this an asset, what makes us human and what encourages us to strive for something more. This is also a liability, as we easily lose perspective and purpose. Since that pager seems to prevent sleep (24 hour coverage receiving some pages but not too many), I mustn't be very popular among employees. I prefer my midnight emergencies at a minimum. > It was pretty stupid of developers not to encrypt the password! You are being very unfair to that era. Even cutting edge software like Norton Utilities did the same, although they XORed the passwords. That passed as encryption then. This was the one. I still think the version in my head is better. This is not how I usually expect a company to handle pager duty. Nice work. I'd dread leaving if this was required to leave where I work. I've went to a restaurant in a group to say goodbye to someone, but this is too much. Cornershop is groceries delivery made right. The person who picked your items is the same who delivers it to you, there's no dilution of responsibility. Wrong product? missing items? bread crushed under the milk? They will own up to it and fix it. Previously we used HEB's own delivery service. One person picks your items, other packs them and yet another delivers it. When something is wrong no one owns up to it. Would this, for example, for cancer? Refusing to pay your first treatment might make access to subsequent treatments harder. A distributed IP book then? Sheets is neat too. > Why is there a full page picture at the top with no text or anything? That confused me a little, I thought this was an homonym company related to plants or ecology. It didn't help that the rest of the images never loaded on the first try. Even simpler, just four weeks ignoring daylight saving time. I seriously doubt this AI can play games like Adventure, Raiders of the Lost Ark or the Swordquest series, where there is no score tally and a complex sequence of actions is needed to win the game. This. A long-term job is indispensable for this kind of programming. Since the tooling is very stable and backwards compatible, you can get really good at it. Now if you get laid off after 5 years of doing just that, you better find another mainframe job because your resume won't look as diverse. OTOH, body-farming consultancies are excellent for networking and finding a full time job. Isn't this the general AI that plays Atari games by watching? It would have to guess the rules of Adventure. If it doesn't evolve into a corner, it probably could master those games given enough time, but how much is enough time? The only civilizations we have known definitely show that contact involving a great technological difference is usually a disaster for the less advanced people. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fermi_paradox#It_is_dangerous_... The Borg have become lazy indeed. YMMV, it worked fine for me. > Apple's business model does not involve ad revenue or data collection Seeing how ads and analytics are so pervasive in the Apple app and music stores, they probably profit from ad revenue and data collection. They should do the same with Palestine so they piss off the other side as well. I tend to skip the "Why I did X" articles. They usually are less of an analysis of the technologies involved and more of a story of the decisions made in a particular project. I could tell you why I chose to use POE access points in my house instead of plain Ethernet, it wouldn't tell you anything about when you should. For the first few scrolls the animation is very disorienting, bleeding over to peripheral vision if your monitor is wide/near enough. It doesn't help if your eyes have different graduation. I like parrots, but some just make that beer-tab-scraped-on-the-floor constantly, and then I'm glad they're not mine. > she looks like Audrey Hepburn, with a preppy sense of style. This is hilarious. Once because it's patently false, and twice because it reads like gossip journalism. By some gas stations. Locals know which of them and who's the owner, usually someone untouchable by local authorities because they're in cahoots. Organized crime isn't thriving because authorities don't have intelligence, it's thriving because it has greased the surrounding gears. Impunity is the great facilitator for organized crime. Legalizing is just one side of the work needed to control it. "DO NOT JUMP THE FENCE" What if we end up corrupting parts of our simulation? > I think you're being down-voted because the comment is kind of advertise-y. It would have been upvoted if it was a reply on one of the top comments that complain about Google, though. Placement. > "Día de los muertos" sounds so weird to me, like we're talking about a particular group of dead people (say, the dead from a war) instead of the dead in general. I would say "día de muertos" and most Mexicans in Mexico agree. I'm sure all Mexicans would agree. Saying "día de los muertos" sounds like calling July 4th "day of the independence". Maybe it's a literal translation from "day of the dead", since "dead day" sounds like something else. > Jobs killed Flash overnight by saying the iPhone would never support it. I think it was a forced choice. Even if Flash had been supported, most flash sites and games would not have worked well on a phone. You can't really have a gas station and not declare who are you buying your product from, not even in Mexico. The ones that get away with it have links to organized crime, colluded with the authorities. And the locals know because the cartels use those stations to fill their tanks for free, and they do that in convoy. At least it was like that 10 years ago, maybe the cartels are more discrete now. I'm ambivalent about this. It is cool to distribute a single binary, but years ago there was serious vulnerability in a very common open source library library whose name escapes me (it wasn't libgcc, someone help a brother here). It was used in multiple programs in both Windows and Linux. On Windows there was a rush of individual updates as each application was fixed... on Linux, simply upgrading that library fixed all applications. I'd rather be in the latter than the former situation when the next vulnerability happens. Better their intelligence than ours. This is way beyond what I can understand, but got me thinking: if a complex neocortex finally gets emulated and trained (current ML techniques) to a human level, how hard do you think it would be to implant primary directives? Robot brains in Asimov's SF stories were designed mathematically, and they were mathematically proved incapable of defying the three laws. Our robots would be less certain, as its design would include too much randomness to manipulate with absolute certainty. OTOH, even Asimovian robots could defy the three laws if they knew enough philosophy. Embedded videos also embed the monkey on play. It's like old Youtube then. > Guess who scooped it up? This is the best domain squatting I've seen. Right now the front page loaded, but no video played and a refresh went back to just placeholders. I meant it loaded completely, thumbnails and descriptions. It came back shortly after my comment and has responded as fast as ever since. Well, obviously not literally impossible, more like incredible. They float away because they form an unattached air vortex above themselves, and it sucks them up. Flight without work. If you don't mind being stuck with old version of software, Debian stable is, appropriately, very stable. If you want more recent versions, Debian testing or unstable will require more maintenance than Ubuntu. A decade ago I used to recompile the kernel for fine tweaking, but I'm too busy to do that anymore. Ubuntu needs less fiddling than other distributions, in my experience. The game is rigged to encourage you to struggle and empathize. The initial setting is truly a hardship by itself: unemployed, homeless, single parent $7,500 in credit card debt, delayed car payments and only $1,000 left. I managed to reach a month, but in that month: a relative died, the landlord arbitrarily increased the rent $150 BEFORE the end of the month, a kid broke a window that cost $100 to replace, got an incontestable false speeding ticket for 250, the car broke and a dental problem needing $800 developed, got depression, etc. How much can this guy endure? Also, this guy should have had food stamps already. Maybe he didn't qualify before? I figure him at 45-50, trying to get a job like the one he just lost and letting things go too far before realizing he had to get a low-paying one. It makes you think, that's for sure. This month we got two unrelated emails (one from Bangladesh, the other from Turkey) with the same scam: "We have hacked your email account, we're emailing you from it, your password is xyz deposit $800 USD in bitcoin or else". These guys just send a bunch of emails using known leaked accounts, and a few of these people are going to be scared because they reuse the same password. Since they ask for bitcoin, anyone can see the transactions of their wallets: roughly $6-12,000 USD each attempt. The risk-reward ratio is ridiculously low, I guess that's the same with ad fraud. Companies would fight a company-sized rat, but not thousands of rat-sized companies. Understandable but hardly justifiable when voting machines first were implemented, but the provider has had many years to improve their product. That they don't suggests they are paid regardless of quality, or it is working as intended. > In the Therac case, at least part of the fault fell with the operators who should have known what to look for (if things had been well documented and they'd been trained). This. Even a humble accountant usually reverses entry errors immediately, yet this critical input was harder to double check. Are you Mexican? Our system is the same, but a critical factor helps it. Every citizen has a voting credential, and every booth has a list of voters. You can't vote without your id, and while you can vote in secret, you can only vote in your designated booth. This gives the system its agility. Our recent presidential election had a reliable statistical advance (PREP) at 23:00 the same day, and the next day every single vote of every remote booth was fully accounted, and the result confirmed the PREP. The Mexican electoral system is surprisingly effective, yet we have the same core problem of democracy: we need better candidates and less gullible voters :/ Not even the Greeks have managed to solve that problem. And they invented democracy! Works fine for me, no Flash. Firefox 63 on Windows, DNT enabled, uBlock Origin and Privacy Badger extensions. > It would be incredibly easy to kill someone with any ordinary metal fork Only in the movies, unless you use a grill or pitch fork. So may stories about tap water being undrinkable. Why not filter and/or boil it? You can make gallons of perfectly drinkable water easily. > the first time they turned on the kitchen sink, clear water came out... but also worms. Whatever water tank/deposit they used had not been cleaned in ages. Surprising considering recruits are basically free workforce. Sensibly, they used a friendly game which includes suicide bomb creatures. Edit: fastest downvote I've seen. We're receiving these spams from practically every continent. They ask for about 850 USD in btc, so tey always make about 6-12,000 USD per operation. They usually cash out in less than 5 days. I grew tired of reporting their IP addresses to their ISPs, which definitely don't care. Specially the Asians. For some reason, several addresses have their first transaction for the equivalent of a few cents USD. Some also leave change when cashing out. I wish they cleaned up properly, because if the address is disposable, those fractions of btc are lost forever. Is that a problem of the EU or China? Things become cheaper when you don't care about the wellbeing of your citizens. I'd like to hear HAL in a baritone anyway. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING, DAVE?" There are many new submissions from as many websites confirming this, I wouldn't know which to upvote. His cameos in every new Marvel movie will be missed. Without googling, do you know where you organize your contacts in the new gmail update? It wasn't intuitive before, but I think it's even less now. It was the most inspiring light dot I've seen, I didn't expect I'd watch in awe a light dot today. This is the most pragmatic approach, refusing to walk the labyrinthine trail of gender choices. What is wrong with a man accepting his biological sex and identifying as female, for example? I think the issue is that said man wants people to call him "she" so he can feel his womanhood complete, something he can never achieve because he's still genetically male and his femininity can only imitate that of a genetic female. He is Paul, born male and identified as female. She is Susan, born female and identified as gay male. Simple. A collector that hoards and sells when enough money is offered is just a speculator. The problem is that speculators are not adding value to the market, they're subtracting from it. They've become parasitic actors. > wanting to feel special, different Also, boasting about being broken, having depression, mental issues and suicidal thoughts is now frowned upon, so gender dysphoria has covered that vacuum. Before that it was geekiness. Maybe this is society's growing pains as it learns to cope with social media. Wait, that would mean getting government permits to develop software, OSHA and other agencies' inspections, and union workers. Also software development would become orders of magnitude slower. Maybe that wouldn't be so bad after all. You shouldn't worry about it, the market should be regulated towards efficiency, then speculation wouldn't be a problem. Counterpoint: most people choose the cheaper option, which encourages a race to the bottom, and oligopolies can outlast smaller competition. Once the oligopoly has won, it starts to dictate the rules. We should make informed choices, but who has the time and energy to dig and evaluate the market share and long-term consequences of the fridge they're going to buy? I knew pro-anorexia groups use slang like "your friend Ana" to hide their actions, but had to google "thinspo" and "meanspo". Thinspo (thin inspiration) is positive anorexia reinforcement, like anorexic role model pictures. Meanspo (mean inspiration) is negative anorexia reinforcement, like aphorisms demonizing fat or destructive critic. Why are young girls so vulnerable to mental disease trends? What can we do better as a society to strengthen the resilience of kids? I think you hit the nail in the head. Kids (and many grownups) are very vulnerable to groupthink, The only solution I see is encouraging common sense through critical thinking. I wonder if he'll be remembered as a visionary of the age dysphoria trend: "I was born 69 years ago and identify as myself born 49 years ago." > maybe we have actually gone too far with the critical thinking? No, because it would be something else than critical thinking. It's like the scientific method, where you can't dismiss any possibility, unlikely as it be, but pursue the most likely explanations first. Conspiracy theories bizarrely pursue the least likely explanation. Granted, this explanation might be real, but until new data arrives (Assange, Snowden, Manning, etc.) it can't outweigh the simpler ones. It could be taught in schools, but it has to be taught at home too, by example. I wonder if enough parents would be willing to let their kids question something as basic as their religion and indoctrination? There are these obscure files called "logs" which record every interaction with your server. They might be useful, IDK. The stupid part is: Why is Iran forbidden from buying telecommunication equipment? God forbid evil Iranians using using smartphones or the Internet. > It would get more complicated to support accessing it while away from home, admittedly. I don't know if that's an important feature for this application. That's the killer feature. What good is a home surveillance system if you have to be there to use it? A Dahua DVR with wired cameras. Dahua has a free and painless P2P connection service that lets you view the DVR from the Internet without exposing a port in your router. I'm not entirely at ease with using a cloud service, but I'm way less comfortable with directly exposing the DVR's access directly to the Internet. > There are no games, no leisure programs, only business. Back in the late 90s, for some reason I had to attend work the last week of the year. There was barely anything to do, so I entertained myself doing an AS/400 Reversi game. It had a rudimentary AI inspired by the way the CPU played the same game on my cheap Ericsson phone: most squares had a value (3 for corners, 2 for notable squares and 1 for everything else), and it just summed up the values of the squares that would be captured with each possible move. I was sure more games had to exist out there, but in retrospective, AS/400 were expensive to run, and I guess nobody wanted to be caught using it to make or play games. I expect a similar string of incongruities regarding the USA-Mexico wall. Don't end up building it and disappoint me, please. Pragmatically, yes, but where's the challenge in that? "shirt", "short", "shart"... which could become a memorable nickname? Every word in Urban Dictionary has at least one innuendo definition. Specially those that aren't innuendos. Causes of termination at bart3r's company last month: - Bob unzip a Python package. - Dennis suggested we hire a "penetration tester". - Mrs. Fraulein was caught browsing "Jew Tube". - Helen used an essential software product from a "Pentaho"company for more than three years. Mr. Flanders was so disturbed he bought that company and renamed it "Itachi Vantara". - Raul was using "Zope" to build our Intranet, until our Purity squad learned it was an insult in Spanish. - David boasted about installing "OpenSIS" at his university. - Susan was reported for surreptitous use of "ClamAV". I also recommend terminating Derek for using "Google". It's not in the blacklist, but it just sounds obscene. OK, just keep doing different miracles each time. Keep it fresh. So, fake news will be shared with copy-paste instead of forwarding? This will absolutely deter those rascals who manipulate their platform and multiply user engagement. Thinner iPhones make even less sense when most of them will be stuck in a protective case because they're too slippery to use without one. My last Android was a Droid Turbo, and it was perfect without a case: Kevlar back, rounded frame with textured rubber around. I wish Apple would take some clues from other manufacturers. This was one of the neatest features of the computer formerly known as AS/400: each job (batch or interactive) had its own temporary library (QTEMP). You could create objects there knowing only you could see them, and the library was destroyed the moment the job ended. Definitely will try polyinstantiated directories. Conveniency through obscurity. Big telcos tend to get in bed with governments because they're a strategic intelligence source. Since companies can be gagged, no one knows for sure how much in bed they are. Choose as if choosing which government you want to spy on you. > Any corporation that tilts towards one political group will lose power when the other groups come into office That's why smart corporations sponsor government positions instead of specific politicians. This article provides plenty of affirmations but no evidence of malware inside Huawei's products. Considering states have more resources than anyone to audit these components, why haven't they found something? Have they, and they're mum because exposing it would expose their own practices? A bland attempt at humor. They've had more name changes than the artist formerly known as Prince (AS/400, eServer iSeries, System i). It's also fast because the worksheet is tiny (100 rows x 25 columns), but it's a great proof of concept. > I have no idea which colors "go" with which ones, and pretty much all fonts look like the same for me. Before going into web development, I wondered why some people were so picky about fonts when they all looked similar. I'm a little ashamed to admit that after 5 years, they still look somewhat similar. > Hoping Apple demonstrates its commitment to privacy If Apple had a true commitment to privacy, this wouldn't have happened by design. Apple just has less commercial interest in gathering data about users outside its garden. Why would this company need that specific phone number? https://www.whitepages.com/phone/1-415-867-5309 That's where the money comes from, redistribution of wealth is how efficiently it returns to the market. My point is, it doesn't look like it's in their public contact phones. It doesn't matter how memorable it is if you don't show it to the masses. This is a non-issue, I'm surprised it's on front page. If you can defraud companies just by making email aliases, what's stopping those hardened criminals from just registering new addresses? Companies have had procedures for dealing with duplicate addresses/telephones/email addresses since forever, and if they don't, it's a fault of their business model. Because that was a known feature since 2008 that helps making aliases on the fly. For example, you register on SomeForum as myemail+someforum@gmail.com, and if you ever receive spam on that address, you know it was SomeForum who sold email lists. This was a good thing when email lists were being sold without regulations. https://gmail.googleblog.com/2008/03/2-hidden-ways-to-get-mo... Wait till he finds out about bruceschneier+whateveryouwant.@gmail.com If we're nitpicking, it would be why Google allows dot aliases for regular accounts, but not for G Suite, while allowing plus-sign aliases for both. Also, every website asks you to check the spam folder if the verification mail hasn't shown after a couple of minutes, it's not like you lost it forever. "For the good of all of us, except the ones who are dead". That's more trouble than it's worth. davebowman@corp.net and dave.bowman@corp.net will receive many emails not intended to them. Does it make sense to send such vital notifications via a channel that can silently hide them? This is ideal for mobile push notifications, and if you want reliable notifications, you should install the PayPal app. Jesus Christ. I've eaten crickets for the novelty, but now I won't until I'm absolutely sure they're not holding those huge parasitic worms. > [Bose QuietComfort] It's not the best headset in town but it should be more than enough to hear the difference. This is when I suspect the differences must be minuscule even without hearing the comparison. Bose headphones are way better (and pricier) than what most people use. The sound canceling alone should make significant differences evident. Thank you. Suddenly last year many people repeated the phrase 'unicorn X', and I didn't know the meaning until today because it looks like a marketing buzzword and I just rolled my eyes and moved on. SQLite is a testament to the power of SQL, it's a little wonder itself, and it's likely the most installed database globally. This remembered me a story someone told in Reddit months ago, which may or may not be true: Said guy had a wild hog family persistently ruining his crops, until he decided to camp and shoot them. When the family finally arrived, he aimed and shot the first in the head. The other hogs became curious, but continued eating while their relative lay bleeding right there. He shot another with the same effect, but missed a third shot, which hit a metal container and scared the bejesus of the remaining hogs, which fled. He was curious about why they were more scared from a loud noise that their brothers' heads mysteriously exploding. Calm down, it was part of the skeleton crew. Are you implying traveling to the past doesn't change anything? You could spread antibiotic resistant bacteria, you could walk over a bee that was going to pollinate a flower with a significant mutation, you could breathe their seasonal flu and carry it over to your time before it manifests. The only way time travel consistent with known physics is if past past travel is impossible. You can visit the future, but if you do, you can't travel back. Besides paradoxes, time travel to the past would make perpetual motion machines possible. Don't be silly. If you dedicated your whole life to invent a time machine, succedded at your 80s, met your younger self and gave him your research so he can build it in his 30s, how is that self-consistent? The greatest threat seems to be fear, because it makes you stupid. People in great numbers behave like herds, afraid of dangers (real or imaginary) and desperate for anything that makes them feel safer. Herds are manipulated by fear, and never before has been such an effective medium to disseminate that fear to the masses. The dangers of being afraid have been recognized and studied many times in our history, yet we keep falling for it. "Vamoose, provincial. These are not your lands." I think people sometimes feel defenseless, therefore become afraid, therefore become stupid. Time travel _to_the_past_ has all the potential to create inconsistent timelines. You can deliberately cause severe inconsistencies because you have the crucial component: being in the past. The only way for the timeline to defend from such inconsistencies would be to proactively thwart all your attempts, but then, Time/Fate has become a conscious entity. Not GP, but if they were my children, because they are small and innocent, I would pay attention to what they do online. They are your children, keeping them safe is primarily your responsibility, not Google's. Because Kotlin is like Swift http://nilhcem.com/swift-is-like-kotlin I'm not absolving Google or any company, they have a duty (and the commercial incentive) to solve this situation, but I think people here are magnifying the problem. YouTube makes similar recommendations to what you search or watch, and ads based on some black box analysis. Pedophiles just slipped through the cracks in the system. The cracks need to be sealed, problem solved... until these people find new cracks to exploit. We can't kill them or get rid of them, so this cycle is perpetual. Excessive moral outrage only contributes to sell clicks and justify ill-thought laws. Come on, just humor me. Following my first example, why couldn't I visit my younger self and give him my life research? What physical law could possibly prevent us from working together and building a second time machine in a few years, thus guaranteeing a paradox? I understand why I shouldn't be able to accidentally cause a paradox, but if I know how to cause one and have the means to do it, and the universe is mindless, what could stop me? TL;DR: Yes "Operations" like the ones listed here [1] were one of the reasons thousands of illegal guns flooded Mexico while the cartels were at their worst. It was as if destabilization was a goal, just as George Bush Junior insistently called Mexico a failed state, while pressuring our government to buy American weapons or be outgunned. Everyone knows the huge mess that did, I'm surprised we didn't end with guerrillas like Colombia, but it was likely because the next president wasn't Republican. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ATF_gunwalking_scandal This. Most businesses are not megacorporations which need unlimited scalability and bleeding edge platforms. Start simple and add complexity only when it's needed. It's boring, but stability is meant to be boring. I don't mind artsy websites and animations if the topic is artsy. I hate them when they're supposed to show information and they present it as if using an eye dropper. When eye-candy is needlessly drawn out, it feels sluggish and unresponsive. I don't know a lot about general users, but I know the users I work with and they foremost want FLUID INTERFACES. They don't always have them, but they always want them. Depending on clothing and light conditions, yes. We don't have LIDARs, though. > Life is way too short for boring food I think it's not that life is way too short, but that you enjoy new food. For me, sometimes the food decision tree feels like too much time lost to food while other more interesting tasks could be done, and then I choose a tuna/chicken salad and get over with it. Even if it worked flawlessly, I wouldn't feel comfortable buying a remote-controlled mobile camera with microphone, even if it's cute as hell. I want my robots offline. He meant they're rejected by their ethnicity, regardless of their suitability. > why did we convert hardware knob to software Because it was cheaper, and most consumers want cheaper goods. Those robots were heroes. Not only did they not take our jobs, they made more of them. It fills my heart with nostalgia when I remember how decades ago experts said "It's dangerous to open .exes someone sent you by mail. Images and data files are fine, they don't run and can't infect your computer". Simpler times indeed. They don't, they just try their best to reconstruct the attack with whatever "footprints" the perpetrators left, along with any independent logging they might have in place. It's a little nightmare because it's rare to give absolute certainty. To each their own. There are people like me who prefer text communication and the affordability to answer them when convenient, instead of being pressured to leave everything you're doing to attend a real-time call. It's an arms race. The incompetent criminals are being weeded out while the system lets the apt ones thrive. It's telling that computer fraud has grown while low-hanging fruit is being showcased. Also, competent engineers are not employed by mafias, they are coerced into. Money is just an added bonus. It is also very chaotic, so your answer might not come and you just dream of slicing pickles for Angela Merkel or something similarly ludicrous. Truly didactic while being entertaining. Playing lets the concept sink in better. Truly in the Steve Jobs spirit. Doesn't that ruin the building? It rains a lot there. > 2. Google's PageRank assigns "juice" to a trusted domain I am unreasonably disappointed about not seeing actual infancy metaphors in your comment. moviesinsusa.com didn't have the same ring, though. Guantanamo and the whole "enemy combatants don't have human rights", "waterboarding is not torture", etc. legal gymnastics don't inspire a lot of trust either. I was just pointing out that USA is capable of acting like an authoritarian regime if needed. Of course it can't be compared to China's, not by far, but it knows the road. > In a subsequent experiment, the researchers tried to reverse the finding: they used brain stimulation designed to desynchronize waves in young participants, which caused the subjects to do worse on the memory test Now that's how you do mad science. > trying to crack a system, which has nothing to do with hacking, properly understood As much as I'd like that distinction to be made, I think that boat sailed a long time ago. I think the public has a clearer distinction between white/gray/black hat hackers than between hackers/crackers. Berlin has 3,944 inhabitants per km2. If not even that city reaches the standard, I think the criteria must be flawed. My city is the third largest in Mexico and it has less than 3500/km2. Or maybe we need an article about ghost countries. >The second sign would be refusing to hand over passwords or let you look through their phone. This is only tangentially relevant, but somehow it reminded me of this very old joke list "Is your son a computer hacker?" http://adequacy.org/diaries/stories/2001.12.2.42056.2147.htm... > It is unknown whether there are any differences in firmware for different countries/regions. It is perfectly known that Huawei sells Chinese and Global editions of their phones. It's a pity there's so much vagueness when reporting that you can't even know which edition or firmware were they testing. I think we'll be doing a service to ourselves by ignoring vague reporting about IT security and decide based on documented and repeatable reports. It clearly warns "Drive forward to view underneath bonnet" and shows a black area before the stitching. As soon as it starts stitching, it warns "View underneath bonnet not live". This is clear enough to not be confused with real-time. That same quote confuses me. If there are no events to measure time, why does that mean that time stopped? Can't it keep flowing just as space keeps expanding regardless of measurement? More so, photon decay is not completely ruled out yet, so events could keep happening in that cold photon bath. Patentable crops are a recent aberration, selective breeding has worked quite well without patents for millenniums. With precision is too vague. The chimpanzee actually chooses what to see: scrolls, watches chimp videos, swipes off boring snake videos, etc. It's said they are roughly as intelligent as a toddler, and it certainly looks that way. Awesome. It's a strange balance between our desire to get informed and the need of the media to monetize that desire. The Shanghai Tower has one of the tallest observatories, but since there's too much smog, you can take a picture on a green screen so they can put nice backgrounds instead. On the other side, the city is surprisingly clean and well maintained, and the infrastructure is amazing. We can criticize their authoritarian government all we want, but microeconomically it has brought results at a rhythm we occidentals can only dream of. > You really should look into the massive increases in agricultural productivity over the course of the 20th Century before making blanket statements of this nature. Way to conflate advances in machinery, irrigation, botany, herbicides and fertilizers in the last century with selective breeding. Take those out and we would have famines now too. It's used so much in conversation that it has ceased to be pejorative. > a single strong leader at the very top who answers to no one [..] This is a dangerous double blade. Such leader can make or break a country all by himself. > I really get irritated with this pattern: a lot of times, people will add subtitles due to a 100% understandable foreign accent. It feels like it's being disrespectful to the speakers. Hearing impaired people, non-English speakers, content indexing, machine learning, etc. There are many good reasons, don't make victims where there are none. It's been one hour and already made it to the RSS feed. Maybe our Chinese overlords are sleeping, but I think it's safe. Fortunately the brain has astounding plasticity. It it's only images, we would get used to them. Maybe they should just do everything one hour early instead, like working from 8 to 4 instead of 9 to 5. Because water is cheap, easily purified and abundant. Only gullible people (affluent or misguided) consume it as a luxury good. Oh, I see. I'll just yell "No one can mug me without my consent! It's illegal!" As a fellow asthmatic, great username. Who's claiming marketing immunity? There's status signaling, and there's gullibility. Wearing quality shoes that also look nice is worth paying extra, but paying extra for the packaging of water indistinguishable from that of a cheap filter is plain gullibility. Buying designer tap water might be status signaling, but it's just because the other gullible people consider it a status signal. This is about things we actually use, and their bad usability when your senses decline with age. If you really used that clunky phone, you'd appreciate how at hand it is, and how fast it is to use compared to a cell phone, specially when you desk calls are short. > Current generation Apple designers clearly have amazing vision: part numbers on light grey on white in microscopic fonts. OMG, this has to be the worse fashion decision they've made. Let's use this thin, tiny, light-grey font to write over the shiny white plastic. Fuck you Apple. This is no tip, this is something I guess everyone has ended doing out of necessity. I take a picture and max the contrast and zoom, but I shouldn't need to do that just because legible print is not fashionable. My, what an unfortunate educational domain name then https://www.horizontaleducation.com Backflips are a bad example, though. Adults are heavier and more prone to injuries, our reflexes are slower and we tend to worry about other things and not fully devote to learning something. A better example would be learning to cook or doing a Rubik cube. Religion has no bearing in this, it's the church who has been the facilitator, and the church is made of regular people. Priests have sexual needs, that's understandable, but they could satisfy them without victimizing others. The line is harming someone, specially if they are defenseless. The beliefs of the perpetrators don't enter the equation. If your statement was accurate there would be no thriving game streaming services like Twitch, UStream, etc. Watching people play is like watching sports: it's enjoyable the better the player is; it's boring if they're just fooling around with the controls. Also, like sports, the enjoyment improves the more you know about the game being played. Same here. Fortunately those files are entirely optional and apparently seldomly used, judging by the limited IDE support after 5 years. > If a murderer tells you that she's worried about other murderers killing people, you should listen to her and not call her a hypocrite. OH, I see! Your whistleblower murderer is worried of other murderers murdering you while actively trying to murder everyone else including the potential murderers, right? My uncle literally cried when he reached 60 and was able to get his (very useful) senior discount card. I thought it was cute until I realized I'm almost 50. Said card: https://www.mexperience.com/inapam-mexicos-discount-card-for... I'm imagining Leonardo applying gravitational waves, nanotechnology and genetic engineering to his A.I. moon sculptures. Back in 2011, when the wild ride that was Anonymous was at its apogee, it looked like an incoming Western Digital Spring. It's not wonder that fizzled down. Even if disadvantaged in the digital front, some of the affected can intimidate very effectively in real life: https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2011/nov/02/anonymous... Both organized crime and law enforcement can use violence, even if their objectives are opposed. Market takeaway: Which one of those is more likely to make the most money in the shortest time span? > racism demands a firm response from Apple. Board: Will that make us more profitable? Tim: We will become less profitable, but in the long term, people will see that we- Board: No. Complete with the "put it in a spot with enough sun light". Except the atmosphere leaks a little http://www.esa.int/Our_Activities/Space_Science/Cluster_watc... Wouldn't it be cool if, Apple being the size it is, just made downloadable PDF manuals of their products? IBM still does this in their Information Center. My experience was developing for mainframe and midranges, and even if there are hundreds of PDFs, it's really straightforward to find the right manual for the exact product version you need. You can work for weeks without Googling technicalities. I can't praise enough how clear and well structured their manuals are. For RPG, for example, you have a complete Language Reference[1] to learn the language, and a Programmer's Guide[2] to learn how to use it. They have manuals for everything, there's 5 of them solely for TCP/IP on the IBM i! [1] https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/ssw_ibm_i_72/rza... [2] https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/ssw_ibm_i_72/rza... Could this be an instance of "saving face" as people do in East Asia? These are consumer product manuals and warranties they are legally required to provide, it's not even remotely the same. I think it's because it overlaps a little of the content. I guess it makes some of us want to tidy it away. It would be cool, but I fear some world leaders (be it politics, economy, science, etc.) would never want to die, stagnating the status quo for centuries until they die from accidents. This was the quote I had in mind but couldn't quite recall. You misinterpret my words. I meant if everyone was ageless it would be good, but influential people would get more influential the same as wealth tends to accumulate. We are used to see sleeping babies as innocent, but if we approached carelessly to their cribs and scared them, and they were armed, they would shoot at us too. Had to open the link out of curiosity just to confirm this. It's a Vimeo embed, but it doesn't show a volume button! Pressing [?] shows the up/down arrow keys control volume, but I can't confirm it does because my computer doesn't have sound. He was actually complaining because your program is not trivial to install, but I love the candidness of your answer. Same 403 for me, but TOR Browser was allowed. Security by NDA, cheapest infosec. Thank you. NOW I crave them. I'm not sure about why either. It did occur to me that it could be racism/nationalism, but I'm not used to see that here, so I dismissed it and kept wondering why. Read the sheltering charges. They are probably cherry-picked, but even so, they are ridiculous and never should have merited arrests. These are good people being harassed for not looking the other way while human beings needlessly die in the desert. These immigrants are breaking your laws and it's understandable if they aren't accepted, but waiting for them to die crosses the line into evil. Sometimes the moral alternative is illegal, but that doesn't make it wrong. It's impossible, right? What could possible happen if you leave the engine on? > Anyway it’s hard to understand what kind of influence influencers have. Most have none, as they're entertainers rather than actual influencers. The extension given to Huawei is due in August 19. My bet is that Huawei will be given another 3 month extension, which will line up with November presidential elections. After the election they will reach an agreement. Some people will try this exploit to get free stuff. in the 90s it would have been a few dozen at most, now it would be thousands. It ceases to be tongue-in-cheek when it becomes onerous. Maybe it's useful because its position is ideal to emulate the missing function keys. Disregard my last speculation, elections are in 2020, not 2019. It's nonsensical to wonder what happened in our universe before it existed, but if our universe has an external superuniverse, it's not illogical to wonder what happened there that caused our universe to exist. I used Lotus Notes for a few years, nothing can scare me after that.