Now that top tier drive maker has acquired the 2nd or 3rd tier maker expect storage prices to go up. Seagate isn't the competition it used to be. If this is true, this is lame. You can't lose. Lame. you are addicted to infographics. Emacs had nothing to do with it. I don't think the government would deny either. I have 3 stations. 2x (2 24") and 27". One 2 24" is landscape portrait where the the other is dual portrait. I think I prefer having two monitors. It is really nice to have a terminal window, docs and IDE open all at the same time. Having the code on the vertical portrait monitor is nice (140+ lines visible at a time). Bezels were never a problem for me. See http://vimeo.com/22606387 Kostis Sagonas goes over PropEr and Dialyzer for Erlang. http://groups.google.com/group/erlang-programming/browse_thr... http://dialyzer.softlab.ntua.gr/ With these two tools one can have a stronger type system than Haskell. PropEr is amazing work. Not to mention CED https://github.com/mariachris/CED which checks all possible state transitions for race conditions. When is the pretending so good that it ceases to be pretending? How much Mocking does the Mocking Bird need to partake in before it is the Creating Mocking Bird? What it didn't seem like Norvig got was difference between understanding and a highly sophisticated pretender. Gut Level vs Self Aware intelligence. Both are valid forms of intelligence but only one is a valid form of understanding. I think statistical methods are a form of intelligence that are highly mechanical and could never achieve human level cognition (ie fart jokes). But I could be wrong, usually am more than half the time. Intel will stop making bricks (metaphor) and skip 28nm and go directly to 20nm for Atom. It is their only hope to get into mobile, even then it will be a weak value prop as the entire mobile market will be on an ARM ISA. Even though the whole dev chain is slightly more flexible to an ISA change, Intel will still be slighty x86ed out of the market only they will be on the other side of the fence this time. Intel won't run on the phones, but they might, if they play their cards right run on tablets and netbooks. It really does suck to be the 900 Lb gorilla. It is also a great excuse for podunk "Great Communicator" loving sherifs to implement American Fascism. As much as I love how safe NYC is, I don't want it to turn into Singapore. Don't mock this guy lest he get all agro on you. You should read, watch and listen to Hitler's speeches. He told the German people they were different, special and they had a destiny. That it would be wrong (all of the metaphysicals) to not fulfill that destiny. That they were a perfect beautiful people and he could see that it was so by being an imperfect non-full blooded aryan looking in on what their true potential could be. Amazingly manipulative stuff. I almost made a snarky comment on the sf comment section about how they aren't the most unpopular kid, there is always java.net! Lua's draw is not in its libraries (beyond a core set of very awesome GEMS). The stuff that is important is actively developed and will be ported forward if there is indeed an issue. Rarely can you go trolling for a library with a long line down rigger and find a good fish. Many libraries are out of date, the rocks system needs improvement. The addition of the bitops into core is very much welcomed. These changes look really good. I would love to see someone make a CoffeeScript to Lua compiler. My main area of concern is when the wonderful Mike Pall will port LuaJit to 5.2 when it is released. Maybe in Lua 6 they can default to local vars and add list comprehensions. Lua ranks up there with SQLite in awesomeness. I am strictly a server side programmer and have a problem doing front end work. I want to learn it, but it feels like a sheer cliff to me. The low level CoffeeScript documentation is excellent. What I am looking for and not being a JavaScript programmer this is admittedly difficult for me, is some hand holding on the mechanics. * packaging, how do I import modules or packages? Do these even exist? * debugging, how do I do this? * unit testing? I installed CoffeeScript via node, then npm (node package manager) and am using it via the command line. Something like the ipython ( http://ipython.scipy.org/moin/ ) shell along with pdb ( http://muffinresearch.co.uk/archives/2008/04/27/python-debug... ) would help immensely in my adoption of CoffeeScript. In a perfect world the repl/debugger would be built into the webapp and open a websocket to another webapp so I could introspect/debug the page from another page while it was running (turtles all the way down). This is similar to the workflow for developing server side software (Jython, Python, Java). This is not new. Reform would be to have actually created the thing you are patenting and not a loose description of how one might/could build the thing. It shouldn't be patentable unless you have done it. It would but none of the players have the mindshare, capital or cred to do this. We are at a near perfect astable state in terms of competition. I am really stoked about all of this. This is makes sense, esp with regards to the scalar core that is being included in the CU. Most likely that scalar core is ARM derived. I made noises that AMD needed to remove 32 bit and SSE and just focus on OpenCL. What is being speculated actually reaches much farther than that and is a better design. Thanks for the clue stick. Also more corroborating evidence, Anton Chernoff one of the main creators of FX!32 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FX!32 ) works for AMD Boston. FX!32 was/is one of the most badass dynamic recompilation engines I have ever witnessed. It could load X86 executables and effectively JIT them to Alpha. This is the kinda of technology needed to support a virtual ISA. Anton Chernoff http://www.linkedin.com/pub/anton-chernoff/1/59/6b2 http://www.usenix.org/publications/library/proceedings/useni... Half-Life Catacombs. Portal to Purgatory. If Valve bought PopCap then it would be like a Reese's Pieces. Two already great tastes coming together. PopCap is the perfect cultural infusion that could get Steam opened up to a larger (non asian 17 year old male) market. AMD is definitely not on board with Microsoft taking over the scene. AMD is 100% behind standards, standards like OpenCL. Look at the way MS implemented their AMP C++ GPU story, http://herbsutter.com/2011/06/16/c-amp-keynote/ that looks to me like it targets and has all the limitations of DirectCompute (MS specific GPGPU). If MS really wants to make this a standard then most likely AMD will implement that standard using Open64 ( http://www.open64.net/ ) and emit OpenCL kernels which will be handed off to their device specific OpenCL compilers. I don't think MS has the power you give it credit for. We are nearly in a post MS reality. It is like 1988 all over again. DR Dos, DESQview, GEOS they are all back in way with iOS, Android (which oddly enough is more Newton influenced than iOS). The Win95 logo on a K5 doesn't bother me, Nokia doing really stupid stuff is indicative that they didn't have any solid competition for a great long while and went batshit insane. I had reports from Finnish friends that claimed that Nokia acted like they owned the whole damn country and make or break any law it pleased. When that kind of hubris implodes you best not be standing too close. They could have made a tidy sum selling well built yet simple Android powered phones to the worlds bottom 2 Billion People while attacking the verticals underserved by Nextel and Blackberry's gaffs. HTC owns the mainstream sexy-as-hell phone market. I would not try or want to compete with HTC. AMD is above all this buffoonery, they are about to license their IP and throw it to the wind. And ARM might just end up managing the portfolio. Sistine Chapplaquiddick - Some sort of first person drunk angel flight sim Bad name. Disco has a tag based DDFS which is very awesome, http://discoproject.org/ . You are asking too much for a drop in DFS solution. You will need to roll something. I would use Riak and Python FUSE. Should only take you a weekend. I posted some notes here to get you started. http://pastebin.com/raw.php?i=Dn2JTbfd I already had that in my notes. They are in no particular order, they just caught my eye at the time for whatever reason. Thank you both for these links, I am off to a very good start. I am utterly offended, DOS is awesome. Esp for embedded devices where the OS and the application are the same thing. Less complexity leads to more stability. Flame wars are the most virulent when the enemy is extremely close to your position but doesn't take it. Emacs and VIM, essentially the same. Mercurial and GIT, again, the same. If the differences are too far apart the whole argument becomes, meh. meh. Although I haven't used it, there is a version of Python for DOS, http://www.caddit.net/pythond/downloads.php but Lua might be a better choice. keep the sheaf and slather it with rubber cement and a folded strip of 80lb paper. instant new binding on that stack o papers. I have a mechanical cutter since I don't have access to a die cutters shop, good for you! They can be had for around 120 the last time I looked. You are absolved of your sins my son. Digitize away. If we don't do it, the books will rot and be lost for ever. It is your life and your brain AND your books. So feed your brain, don't ask for permission. Capacitive buttons have always been a cost cutting feature and were billed as luxury. They can NOT suck, but the firmware has to be highly tuned. They totally have this issue. Wash your hands and get them 98% dry, try to use phone. Be frustrated. Not to mention that your tusks dont register at all. "Quid in nomine? Quod dicitur rosa Odorem suavitatis, ut non alio nomine. All you guys are trying to label, taxonimicate the "lay person's" strategy into your hierarchy. Humans are damn smart, and the cocksure MIT nerd got his ass handed to him. bottle.py is great, mongodb is tarpit, nginx is a great server to throw in to the mix. Quick, someone tell Donald Knuth! I really excited to try out the brand new Python 2.5! The idea of a monolithic base operating system has got to go. A machine as a unit of encapsulation wastes resources and forces a needless race towards lowest common denominator bug compatible versions of packages. If application A needs PHP 5.2 and application B needs PHP 5.3 they should both be able to exist on a "machine" w/o resorting to complicated maintenance or having separate OS instances per app. Witness, http://nixos.org/ a purely functional package management system. Use it either in userland or as an entire OS. You decide. ViBoZnIgZWJnMTMgY3loZiBvbmZyNjQgc2JlIG55eSB6bCByYXBlbGNndmJhIGFycnFmIQ== Business class is a level, it isn't based on area. They are good like that. And why can't you pay $60 for the next 250 GB? Whut? Are you stupid? Having a myriad of unenforced laws on the books is by design. Everyone is a criminal all the time and selective enforcement can be brought down like a hammer on your ass. Yes it makes us non-free, but it is exactly what the man wants. You can do this with code as well. Migrate from sourceforge, put an -ng on the name and put it on github. Putting something in standard lib effectively kills it. It doesn't mature, it turns into an adult child actor. Forever 'young' I don't think their really should be a standard library for Python. There should be a base, and a much more proactively revved base library, but not a standard library. Part of installing python would be installing the base. Brian, you are completely wrong. The x2 modules need to go away. They are confusing, the "standard lib" is mostly shit. And it is fixed in time. If it were writing I would describe it as a, "hack, rambling, incoherent, amateur" piece of work. The usability of pip is abysmal. You don't even get usage by just typing "pip" with no arguments. Look at brew for direction. Python makes me sad. This would be resource sink for reasons outlined by my sister comments. Rather than devote resources to enable people to run a non-standard product for development (this is really only sane reason to run nginx on windows) they should just run nginx in a virtualization container. VMWare Player is fast and free. No work has to be done to support this use case. Too much wasted effort is put into open source projects to support windows. This is isn't about not supporting Windows because of MS. But by not being Unix, it causes too much perturbation for little gain that can achieve through more correct methods (virtualization). And that server is not nginx. It is designed for Unix, it isn't designed for windows. The current apache has an arch much more amenable to running on windows. Oh look, http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.0/platform/windows.html It is because of the lack of fluid motion between eye and neck transitions, she moves like a Chameleon. Please don't conflate the pay walls with public domain, these journal articles are clearly in the public domain. And they should not be behind a pay wall. Locking in of the worlds historical knowledge is even worse, I think, than locking in current research. The economic return to the holders of the keys to the garden have no moral or legal right to assert control over the this knowledge, when their articles of incorporation most likely expose the oposite of their actions. These organizations are greedy wholesale hypocrites. Maybe your rape can reach all the way back in time from 1923. You are seriously advocating rape of another human being? Please leave. Please seed. If you are on a mac you can use transmissionbt. http://www.transmissionbt.com/ Configure the bandwidth management to acceptable always on background levels and minimize to the dock or put on a different desktop with spaces. Don't downvote this question, it is valid. And they broke all the links on their site, thanks dudes. I would wager that is phased array in reverse (phased array broadcasting). Constructs a 4d data space unique to all users, probably can't in this version handle moving receivers. Think of it like this, if a phased array receiver can reconstruct the signal at any point, why can't a phased array broadcaster emit signals that recreate any signal at any point in space. Wrong? His argument is a total straw man, he wants us to tear it down. He also begs the question that eval is for a repl. So the ClojureScript folks decided to give up flexibility for speed? A Lisp w/o eval is not a Lisp. Strikes me as a motherly premature (de)optimization. I am pretty sure he understands compilation. In the same vein, I have been thinking about a mysql wrapper around various nosql products. Same issue, installed base and connectivity. Composition, interfaces, abstraction. waste of hardware as you mentioned. your idea would have been popular 7-10 years ago. Just pay them bitcoins to simulate your dwarves and your fortresses. It is on par with a WII. It is only a game to psychopaths. I suppose you are right, if the game were facebook and you could buy a $50 dongle that has facebook and netflix people would probably only run that game. The irrational exuberance has come to an end as airbnb and hopefully many of these startups that while facilitating many great things also mask an exposure to danger. I remember when anyone on Craigslist was in the top %5 of nice humans. Of course that is gone now, but airbnb seemed like it was living in the early craigslist bubble. I am saying those bubbles shouldn't exist. They are naive. And most American humans don't have the street smarts to build their own trust metrics. This country is harsh and there is NO safety net for the able bodied at the end of a rope. Deliver pizza (and get shot), stock shelves, what ever it takes. You are not your job. It is illegal to be homeless in the USA. put your python resume on dice, monster, list location as the bay area. get flown out for interviews, get moving expenses paid. I don't really understand the downvotes. Please explain. I don't know why this makes me so happy. I had a working mapreduce job that was 300 lines of fairly high level java code. Compact, terse, expressive, everything you don't see in most Java. I came back over a the weekend and my boss/coworker made it 'configurable' which means he added 800 lines of code. I fucking cried. He was like, "I hoisted out some stuff that should have been behind interfaces." ... I didn't need an interface because I only had ONE and specifically made the API have a low surface area so this could occur IF IT NEEDED TO. I sucked it up and took it in stride. Jumping in and solving a problem is usually the last thing you want to do, but that character trait(flaw) is what people think of as a good leader. Someone who will take you over a cliff with conviction. I can't find the link, but I also remember a Puppet Master project where 5 guys could control the online personas of 50 guys and slowly shift the center of the conversation in any direction they wanted. I am sure that the FedBizOpps would get integrated with Puppet Master. I am so glad that these psyops tools will only be used against bad guys. By compact I mean the domain logic was all in one place and not diluted like a fine mist across the code. You could read it like english and it made sense. Consistency in abstraction levels and not too much genericism. While I have obviously self selected my population ... I don't know a single guy that doesn't find female intelligence enticing. Women that use their brains to do what they want are attractive and albeit in short supply. Women in the US aren't allowed to smart or funny. They can be hot, but not smart or funny. This isn't true in other places. Eastern Europe for one afaict doesn't discriminate against female intelligence. Wow, jesus, dammit. TVM has 9 registers, modeled after x86 registers 20k on a 30M purchase by a large company wanting to enter our space. I didn't know shit about options. Pretty good for 9 months, nearly even with the salary I should have had in a non-startup job. So in the end, deferred savings plan. You can buy some @ $25 wrap it in a nice case, add in a keyboard + power supply and resell them for $95. I think they should increase the single unit cost to $45 or higher (49 or 63). Have it a vote on the main page so people feel like they have some input, the higher cost can support discounts for bulk buys and other non-profits (think give one get one). Explain the rational for the price increase on the poll. The geeks that are making single purchases can definitely pay the higher price. Have a discount kick in @ qty 10 or 20 (down to $35). The at cost (which is never really @ cost, ever) discount shouldn't kick in till either non-profit status or qty 100. ---- You are going to have a problem meeting demand. And some for profit shop is going to use these as digital signage and suck up all the supply. Beware of unintended consequences, everyone that buys them isn't going to be doing good in the world. Capitalism is faceless and cares about us much gravity or water. ---- Another option is to have a classroom in a box package where you sell 30, power supplies, keyboards and an app that runs on all operating systems so you can DD pre-canned images onto end user supplied SD cards (point them at preferred cards on newegg). Then under my plan if you bought 10 you would get the discount. When you get the cheap nearly at cost price so do the people who won't be doing good in the world. How do you differentiate them? What if I put in an order 1000 and hoovered them all up for in store digital signage? I am preventing 1000 kids from getting access to education and Raspberry gets nothing in return. How do you solve this problem? Exactly my take as well. The organism needs to survive and 100% altruistic organisms don't. If they sell at a profit then they can grow and more low cost education can spread. So it is capable of immersive 3d and high resolution video of fluid flow. Not strange at all. Apparently this bloke hasn't been around artists or colonies. I haven't even been able to overturn seduction. I would probably implement business logic in Lua and do routing/messaging/connection handling with Erlang. Stackless might work, it would be great for a prototype. Too bad there isn't a Python on Lua or a Python to Lua translator. The Lua runtime is soo much better and less resource intensive. I think if I wanted to round out the mix I would add in BP Halliburton Xe Services (Blackwater Worldwide) The creation of roundup resistent crops is possibly the worst mistakes that the human race has ever made. It took what 3-5 years to make roundup impervious parasites? Terminator seeds that can't actually create a viable organism? You have to go back to the source (Monsanto) every year. Mono-cultures and engineered genetic pollution. Monsanto shouldn't exist. I love the idea that ethics should be a hobby one does after their day job. We get angry about things like that because if a small group of really smart people strike out on their own to change the world and do good and yet put out a press release saying how "excited" they are to be working with such an amoral company, it just vacates our idealistic world view. We can't stop Apple selling MacBooks to Monstanto. Apple makes tools and doesn't ask how they get used (nor should it have to). But a small cloud startup, different picture. One is active and one is passive. You can buy and use Roundup w/o using their GMO seeds. Using Roundup isn't a sign of malfeasance. I can go by Roundup at Walmart, http://www.walmart.com/ip/Roundup-Weed-Grass-Killer-Concentr... doesn't mean I committed contract fraud with Monsanto. 1) Their seeds spread contaminating other farmer's fields. Once GMO is out in the wild, nothing can be pristine anymore. I wouldn't be surprised to find Monsanto genetics having made its way into humans in 20 years. 2) By "bombing their fields" with herbicide (biocide, you can't make something that only poisons one class of organism like this) AND genetically modifying the crops to be resistent to the biocide you are creating a perfect storm to quickly develop resistent parasites. Now everyone has to use your system , because there is no other way to have a crop survive due to super-bugs. This is a direct parallel of the SUV insanity. Vast numbers of people drive SUVs because they don't want to be in a car hit by an SUV. > wouldn't be surprised. There is much we don't know. There are many processes of ongoing genetic transfer. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horizontal_gene_transfer Next time ask for clarification. Ok, but based on the die size and the transistor count we could have had 12 Thuban cores in the same amount of space. It really feels like if we are going to go with more cores, why not make them simpler? Why not dust off the old Athlon K7 at 37 million transistors. Roughly 54 of those fit into the 2 billion transistors making up the 8 core bulldozer. Bulldozer has an Itanic feel to it, no that is too harsh, it has a P4 feel to it. I really feel like desktops are done, GPUs have this biggest effect on desktop perf right now. It would seem to focus on the fusion A series parts and the server. As a server side dev, I would rather have more cores (more cache actually). I don't need memory coherency (that should be mitigated by the hypervisor). bacteria to jellyfish (not proven) http://www.nature.com/news/2008/080928/full/news.2008.1134.h... Now I have some prions to go BBQ. Nor do they have morals or ethics. Only profit. IRobot is also helping America conduct safer wars. Where is the humanism is that? An employee emoting isn't the company or its actions. I am going to sound callous here, the human race can make more people. The level of shit-getting-fucked up by Monsanto could make it really hard to make new people. In long term shittery, Monsanto beats Cisco. The solution to pollution is dilution. If everyone is doing it, we should each take 1/1e6 of the blame. I was railing against the idea that business is one thing, and that as long as behavior is not illegal that it is ok. I feel like we are infected with a more virulent form of 1905. Ethics exist everywhere for all time, they don't belong in a free speech zone. The idea that, business is business. Of course it is, that is a tautology. We both did the snarky comment dance. I am going to outline an analogous skit, imagine you are at a cocktail party with a bunch of friends and this dude is there and he is funny and charming, but his barbs dig too deep he drinks too much wine and he tries to sow the seeds of discontent between you and your girl friend. You exclaim to your friends that his guy is total narcissistic ass and you want him out. Ahhh they tell you, tptacek, that guy isn't a person, he is a business. He doesn't have to follow the same social norms we do. Then they would be lynched. You are being over pedantic. This isn't a debate, which btw. Debates aren't about arriving at the truth, they are about winning arguments by whatever means necessary. Much like business. Do you read this? http://reason.com/ I don't think power is it. Your saying the K7 generates more heat per computation (more inefficient use of transistors) than the newer cores? I was about to conflate power usage with computational work, not necessarily the same thing... The power will drop using the new process because the voltage is much much lower (1v vs 2v) I remember the K7 doing just over 1 GOP (giga operation per second), so that would put the whole cluster in 50 GOP range (if clocked at only 1Ghz like the Thunderbird). I wasn't being directly literal, I will allow these mythical engineers that work for me using all the 2 billion transistors to refine things from previous designs. germans already solved this to recover shredded stasi documents. take german solution, profit. http://www.iiconservation.org/news/?p=55 http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2008/01/unshredding_1.... ffmpeg already can transcode from alac to flac, I rip with itunes and transcode to flac for my Sansa Clip. ffmpeg renamed themselves to libav But if the company is full of Raging Brogrammers, it is good to call it out from the beginning. Same problem as over hiring programmers (getting compiler hackers when you are working on a CRUD app). http://lwn.net/Articles/433347/ And the turkey buzzards from the Dark Crystal, wall street, the military, Wall Street, political parties, academia so ummm nearly everything. It is difficult for human groups to be open minded and self critical of their own belief systems. Stallman and GNU effectively ended the market for high priced proprietary dev tools. As a tool builder and user this is good and bad. That whole market segment has been removed for consideration and now the tool builder/user can sell their creations (the part that solves non-builder's problems while now giving away the tools they create while solving the user's problems). This transition has been very liberating. Now anyone with a modest hardware investment can have some of the best tools in the world to solve problems with. Amazing times. My first C/C++ compiler cost nearly as much as the machine it ran on. This will never happen again and we can thank the GNU ecoSystem for jump starting the new ground rules. I dumbfounded by all the awesome software I can use to build larger systems with everyday, literally millions of dollars worth of assets. Anyone anywhere could do this, with only food, water, hardware, electricity and internet. Since we value individual freedoms the most, the author decides what do with their software. Author's Choice. If you dont like the license on GPLd software, recode it and release as BSD. Go compete in the marketplace of ideas. GNU tools have profoundly changed the Microsoft platform, I remember when http://www.delorie.com/djgpp/ came out, everyone could get a legit C compiler for DOS/Windows. This was a huge deal. Microsoft did its damnedest to kill Borland and its inexpensive tools. Proprietary dev tools still exist, true, but the landscape is so vastly different. Even my favorite IDE IntelliJ has the source released under a BSD license, I actually reupped my license when they did this. Take the list of new YC companies and extrapolate what PG thinks is important. Might not have any bearing on reality, these startups are designed to get flipped so the goals of YC are different the larger body. They take pictures and make posters for upcoming shows? Why not trailers? I think because video production of plays is difficult, their time scales are compressed often still tweaking things directly before opening night. You would pretty much have to dedicate 1 or 2 hrs of the entire casts time just for filming enough footage for a 30 second spot. It is interesting but I think difficult. If you can have a small crew, not take much time and get an edit out quickly. You might be able to charge at most maybe 2k for a fully edited trailer. Probably more on the 1k or less scale. http://www.broadway.com/ You mean like when I debug a script as ipython>import foo as t ipython>t.test(10,20) ipython>reload t Roughly 2/3rds of this guy's rant is off base. Maybe if he had flushed out his arguments with citations, but seriously. It is all opinion. Reasoning with opinion is dumb. I am with you, it seems like a knee jerk reaction to call all exec or eval code bad. Complexity has been pushed into a library, and the amount of clarity that namedtuple adds is more than it has "hurt" by its use of exec. You just got stabbed by an ironicaltite You mean like when head rolled over watergate but not Valerie Plame? Or because since we all watch torture on 24 it makes gitmo ok? Or Rush redefines the word hypocrite and the people still flock to him like Jesus? or Obama reneges on his promises. He is effectively are more weller spoke Bush. I don't think we lost honor, I don't think we had it, but I do think we have lost nearly all sense of caring. I think he is actually really bummed because his worldview is incongruent with how Darwinian and shitty the world actually is. Optimists take it the hardest. "the optimists don't make it out of vietnam" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Stockdale At least is spawned a discussion here, but the lead is so full of flawed reasoning by analogy that it made me sick as a rainbow. I would use a full web hosted IDE, that way everyone can just click and they have a usable dev environment running. The mechanics of programming are orthogonal and often much harder than programming itself. Skip the dev env setup and go directly to solving problem. Next, they need to understand WHY they are solving problems. Teach them high level concepts and then low level implementation. Induction, recursion, depth first, breadth first traversal. The New Turing Omnibus is a great place to start for algorithms plus applications. Python is OK, but I think too mutable. Scheme is way more powerful, maybe something like a cross between Scheme and Python, OCaml Lite in the browser? PHaus was saying that professional writers have ulterior motives (what ever those are) and that we should discount the communication of people who are professionals. Only amateurs can be impartial. No wait, I just put words in his mouth AND made a straw man. Now I am confused. Too late, too soon. Go kill more elephants. joker.com is awesome. Have you taken a look at the Ngaro VM over at http://retroforth.org/docs/html/Implementations.html ? Beautiful abstractions in Mako btw. I like it. Did you see the recent discussion on the VM used in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Another_World_(video_game) http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/no0dy/another_w... From what I can tell IBNIZ is meant as an ultra minimal target for demos. Not necessarily end user games. I think it is probably overly constrained. Much like a http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lipogram 2.7 if you want to release anything AND consume other libraries. 3 if you never intend on using other than a learning exercise or will write everything from scratch. It looks like many people assume this to be so but haven't done the benchmarks. FDE is going to be a much smaller hit than say anti-virus software. Encryption routines have been highly optimized into the multi gigabytes per second range. An idling CPU and a slightly loaded CPU use about the same amount of energy. I think my Q6600 quad used 190W @ idle and running full tilt cpu (ray tracing) it was using 220W. For FDE it depends on how much IO you are doing. I doubt it will make even a 0.01 difference in your daily power consumption. Knox is a better UI for the bultin in folder encryption on OSX? Lets do this?! We could buy anything, dispute the validity of said item, send them pictures of the destruction (keeping the original) and PROFIT! All these years of collecting underpants have paid off. Why did you just step in such an egregious folly of "your mom?" was that your intent? Cool. I already do something similar with encrypted sparseimages, I will give this a try. You should use a kill-a-watt and measure it. Probably less than you think. Laptops already on the edge of their thermal envelopes, anything above their low steady state (browsing, listening to music) will cause the fans to spin. If I have time this weekend I will pop the battery on my macbook and do an erlang compile on an encrypted sparse image both on the rotational drive and the ssd. I'll report back on how much energy was consumed for (encrypted,non-encrypted) x (ssd,rotational) batteries derate rapidly as the current draw goes up. They are not linear. For my own edification it would be nice to know what kind of energy hit encryption takes on both storage mediums. I had the same question. Any results? While you are at it could you support alternate syntaxes for the same Expr ? Perhaps encoding the syntax version at the top of the file or setting the reader at the top of the file? For those porting matlab code over either provide a tool to translate the source or put the reader in matlab compatible mode. Some of those dying humans would like nothing more than to research and save insects. What we do in our life defines us. We all die. On the scale of human activities to cease, preservation of an insect species isn't something I would stop. There are much more fruitful candidates. Which is exactly why if we want to survive a nuclear war we need to start cross breeding with black rats and probably cockroaches. Another option which they probably explored was creating more habitat for them on Ball's Pyramid. Maybe somewhere far away from the original area or increase the cricket supply? I do not envy being in that situation, where a mistake seals the fate of a pretty awesome bug. They can survive in harsher environments using less energy. Wasn't actually thinking about a rad-hard organism. Maybe throw in some flatworm, someone has to have a robust error-correcting code system built into their genetics. Granted we would have to figure out a different neuro chemistry or physiology for having human level cognition on a much smaller energy budget. Because the market size is currently bigger than that [[ keep reading, I am wrong ]]. Lets take 900 million people in the western world (rich like us) x $10 x 12 months ~ 100 billion for movies and tv (independent of ad revenue, etc). This is the upper bound of course, then there is the middle 2 billion people who can watch but have more limited means (no streaming, other formats, etc). So yes, $10 is a perfectly viable number. They just don't want it to be. Still $10 a is in the order of magnitude. Some will pay zero, some will pay 20 - 30 (netflix,itunes,amazon,etc). Favor the machines over a pat-down. They would actually _prefere_ neither. You can find the line number that the func was defined in and reparse the source. I do this in quite a few decorators that need source. The other option is to wrap the thing decorated in a doc string @fancy_source_needing_decorator def foo(s): """ put some haskell or DSL stuff in here """ Then you don't have to reparse the source, etc etc, but it still gets packaged as a function. internet is the new tv Can I get infected with this bacteria? If I get it in my lungs will it poison me with biofuel? Two options that can be used at the same time . Use brew to install command line apps and other utilities. Use Linux in a VM and install servers and what not in the VM. Use file system sharing to make the Linux side appear seem less. Processing is way way cleaner than PyGame. It is nice that people are creating interesting things in PyGame but I think more good would come about if it didn't exist so something better could flourish. And I say this as a python programmer since 1998. At the risk of sounding like a negative-nancy the problem he is fixing is the artificial impedance mismatch that was constructed ON PURPOSE by Ian Bicking when he created WSGI. Composability is one of the most powerful concepts we have. WSGI wasn't mistake-proofing middle-ware by making the protocols different, he was breaking composability that is now being fixed by Kenneth et al. Thank You! But let us not allow these mistakes to be made again. You can get the same effect using a VM. Installing Linux on Mac hardware is __way__ harder than you think. After building a bootable linux usb key for a macbook, I will never do this again. It literally felt like I was using a sparc station to boot DOS. not cool. That said, I use linux VMs on my macs all the time. It feels natural, in fact it feels RIGHT. When I was mostly using desktop linux, I still did the bulk of my server side work in VMs under VMWare Workstation. So not much has changed, just that my window manager is made by apple. Two issues ... There shouldn't be "a community" there should be multiple communities, otherwise there will always be an 'in crowd' Second issue: quora has a multidimensional filtering problem and this goes back to point 1. There will always be an element of digg/reddit/4chan in everything. To try and remove it is futile, just try to keep it discernable from the content you care about, maybe the 4chan stuff is your bag and you don't want the high brow shit, so be it ... Why is the metadata so important to so many people on HN? I don't understand it. Is it a mechanism to find the best comments in a thread? Is it a visualization issue? Is it ego? Is it a voting mechanism to know what others think is important? I honestly do not know. Up/down is the wrong direction for the arrows I think. Left right, meaning on-topic/off-topic ? One of the problems I think is that there are so many dimensions represented by two simple little arrows that it is difficult for the system (the web software itself) to discern the intent, so it turns into a popularity (I agree,I disagree) button. But if you had a button for each piece of information it would look like [] well written [] well thought out [] agree [] disagree [] poorly written [] funny [] off topic For bonus points they would be in a random order in the UI so people wouldn't develop muscle memory voting on comments. I love this idea and I think they have a defensible position. But to make it even MORE defensible create an extra mapping layer, new text book -> old (expired copyright textbook) and use that as the outline in addition to the new text book. Material from the old textbook could be used verbatim (the seed if u will) and then supporting to supplanting information could be fused into it. In my appeal-to-status-quo, Has no-one learned before? , big-textbook over inflates their importance. Fighting ideas is difficult, first you have to understand it. Fighting the manifestation of an idea doesn't require that understanding. Or something. Can you copyright the voicing and structure of a document? Even if the replacing source material was not constructed with that intent? At what point does have a structural similarity to a book turn into a copyright violation? Copyright is for the work itself. The physical manifestation of those words in that order. It isn't a lock on the ideas expressed with those words. Reproducing another writers outline is not a violation of copyright. Yeah, the buttons get out of hand, but the information they would represent is greatly needed. And how do you encourage people to rate what they read and interacted with? Based on the stats people post about the amount of traffic driven by an HN or Reddit submission ... the vast majority of users don't interact via any sort of voting mechanism at all. I am working on a site now that is heavily based on passive activity voting, users have no idea how their actions are being used by the site to rank itself. Their inputs have much less weight than purposeful actions where both parties are aware of the event. It is almost like you need an agent that votes in certain public ways (sentiment analysis,summarization,etc) to decide if comments snarky, funny, off topic, etc. On the converse, if the older people can amass power and karma new people can't move it. I don't have a solution. I am not sure there is one or that it could be "fixed" Maybe semi-intelligent Eliza like agents that constantly clean the place up. Stackoverflow has done a pretty decent job I think. Wikipedia could use some work. ---- I think the base set of rules need to be codified by the system. The users can guide each other and the system, but the system itself should be stable. When you start talking about latency, you are inherently talking about Amdahl's Law because the question that gets begged is, "can we make amount of work X complete in less time with more processing power Y" ? And in your problem domain of video coding, esp if it is for real-time face to face communication or telematics, latency matters. So Amdahl's Law matters because it dictates the bound on latency. Doing more work X (making the pie bigger) in about the same time as Y is http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gustafson%27s_Law , latency, like the time of light it is one of those physical universal properties we won't be able to tech our way out of. Latency is inherently a serial problem. What changes when we could try every solution at the same time? Nearly all hard problems we are solving right now don't need to have exact solution. They can be time bounded or quality bounded or both. What we lack is a clarity in being able to create algorithms that are probabilistic and progressive. Algorithms that refine and converge towards a solution over time. Better languages can help with that. Here are some examples of probabilistic parallel minimax algorithms. http://www.top-5000.nl/ps/Parallel%20randomized%20best-first... http://www.math.md/files/basm/y2010-n1/y2010-n1-(pp33-46).pd... I use functional programming because I lack the mental ability to hold so much state in my head. A friend of mine is a badass at programming in C++ using threads. I don't and will not have the ability he does. So I use FP and my programs are correct and by being functional the options to speed up my code are also easily proved correct. Being able to handle large amounts of complexity and being ok with it is not necessarily a good thing. If I could reason like a compiler I would probably just use a flat memory model and address each byte individually. How about if there was a glyph or color that denoted the amount of votes,views,etc? I think one of the issues was putting a numeric score on an item encouraged upvoting already popular comments. What keeps one from implementing a pure javascript implementation that renders to canvas? Do we need browsers to support formats anymore? With WebGL, WebCL, high speed JS and the canvas tag don't we have everything we need? reading that bug report made me cry. The use of MNG in one session of web browsing would have saved more bandwidth than used by the extra space in the installer. wtf. Remove land ownership as a form of investment? U own it and live in it or u don't. - urls are too long - hit refresh when there is a flash problem, boots me out - no ability to type messages - should alert user to turn of flash block What is interesting is how little code it took. in riak_mongo/src 33 riak_mongo.app.src 42 riak_mongo.erl 342 riak_mongo_bson.erl 176 riak_mongo_message.erl 197 riak_mongo_protocol.erl 214 riak_mongo_query.erl 471 riak_mongo_riak.erl 56 riak_mongo_server.erl 38 riak_mongo_sup.erl 74 riak_mongo_worker.erl 38 riak_mongo_worker_sup.erl 1681 total I am trying to promulgate a neologism of near-time, like real but a little more relaxed. Like the version of time in the CAP theorem. Soon but not like, soon within a bounds. Soon. Real-time needs to be taken within a context. Your realtime is probably way sloppy for like say laser that starts fusion reactions. If I were baking a pizza, my watchdog could be set to 5 seconds and be ok (provided the thermal inertia of the oven wasn't ridiculous and my heat source wasn't the said laser). Near-time. The future is in the near. Apropos, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7E-aoXLZGY it would seem this whole topic is rather inflammable. knowledge is energy, being able to apply knowledge to a situation is power. but they were probably more diligent in the writing they did do. now writing is trash. writing is another form of informal speech. What others haven't said is that, writing is both the formulation of logical thoughts and the communication of those thoughts so they can be understood by another person. Writing and logic go hand and wrench. OSX 10.6.8 still has Python 2.6 as the system Python. The writing is so hard to read ... Motion tracking quadcopters that are designed to carry explosive payloads larger than grenades are already being developed. If Bezos loosened up control, there could be an EXCELLENT secondary market of colocation space directly connected to AWS in all zones. The Mall next to the Mall, still makes the Mall the main attraction. Give me 10GE, infiniband, etc out the back door of an AWS data center and I will give u the world! I would limit the problem domain so that delegation is easier. 1) submit unit tests in format XYZ 2) tests pass 3) receive code Generate high level reports off of submitted code (kloc, cyclomatic, whathavs). Another one would be Design the urls for a REST interface and the JSON responses, worker implements code to support REST using framework A/B/C. Or, implement algorithm in paper FOO using Python, Julia or Ocaml, should be able to read this dataset... It has to be fairly constrained or else it is hard to specify and complete projects. They should come back within the same order of magnitude that one would complete them in anyway w/o either party being overworked. One could also, instead of money, implement it as a sort of quid-pro-quo, I see a simple task (for me) that I could knock out, this gives me credits to spend on other projects. Virtual currency of code. Also, licensing is an issue. I wouldn't want to work on code I couldn't keep. This just seems wrong to me. The only way I am ok with it, is if the rates are really high and that doesn't seem amenable to a site like this. Another one could be generate skeleton sample applications. I am often trying to wire together a bunch of technologies and if someone built a 300-500 line toy sample app that I could take an extend this would go a long way. Examples ... Take d3.js and cubism.js, generating time series plots from data out of a postgres database using tornado or flask. Use spring,jdbc template,jetty,redis,jackson,jersey to create a caching web server pulling data from postgres, caching into redis and returning JSON data. Use this sample schema and JSON payload for the sketch. OMG. Seriously. I am going to go make a pitch for VC money. Thankyou. U should build a hackintosh using E5 Xeons http://vr-zone.com/articles/ultimate-8-core-matx-powerhouse-xeon-e5-2690-r4g-7970dcii-and-more-/15123.html http://www.macbreaker.com/2012/04/ultimate-xeon-hackintosh-server.html On an e-ink kindle. Thanks. How often are you in Seattle? If the goal is to get a working app in the hands of people that need it. Have an android app created that can be easily sideloaded (this could be done on iOS will more burden). You have a portable computer, treat it like one. There are no rules when your children's well being is at stake. ---- The ipad should be a) backed up, b) put in airplane mode. Is there an android app for this? Software that allows people to speak shouldn't be patented. Or if it is, it should be licensed for $1. His example is poor, but the message is that the body of a record can cross line boundaries. While the UNIX tool chain is predicated on the concept line == record, this doesn't have to be the case. With a generic record level marshalling system the class of problems solved by composing command line tools together would be greatly expanded. What Pike describes is analogous to the RecordReader in Hadoop. rip. His cracking, reversing and searching tutorials are an amazing body of work. Damn this thing is dangerous. It should never be within its most extended position away from people. How is it is massive overkill? The total amount of structure is the same in both of the solutions. Only in the one you mention it has less gates. Same amount of input resources. Gates a free. 5 years from now kids will be making LEDs blink using vixie cron and a python script talking the GPIO lines of a 32 microprocessor and this is O.K. Without access to the rest of the market, I think people will be a little pissed. Just donated 50 euro to wikileaks and 50 lbs to Assange. That is what the Utah DC is for. But if we really believe that, and we believe the nation will further slide in a fascist state then we probably shouldn't say _anything_ online or over the phone. Obama is making us less of a hypocrite. If we codify our behavior as lawful everything is legit, no? We need to encourage people to speak their mind. Can everyone be an enemy of the state? There is strength and anonymity in many voices, many who would not speak, do. I suppose they could automate the persecution of dissidents by denying them services or charging them more taxes. That way there wouldn't be a labor shortage for actually carrying out persecution. Can you cite people being jailed for supporting Communism or denouncing wars under Obama. Not that he hasn't done shitty stuff, assassinations of american citizens, torture of Bradley Manning and GitMo is still open. I have an idea for an open platform that just has PCIe slots and fpgas. 3rd parties can write the firmware that runs on the FPGA layer. Add in banks of DIMM slots and you can run memcache or redis directly on the minimal box. No operating system. Since network cards boot PXE, the firmware on the device could get loaded over the network. Routing tables could get compiled from a HLL -> Verilog -> FPGA. What do you think? You are correct, this couldn't initially. What the platform I outlined has is flexibility and cost. But mostly flexibility. Probably the high end of port density would be ~40 (using dual port nics) and this would be for 2u. But you could start to run stuff on the switch that his historically run with ha proxy, varnish, nginx, etc. If there are sata ports, one could code themselves a backblaze pod that doesn't suck and include grep directly on the stata port. That is great for research purposes. This platform would use off the shelf PCIe NICs and ram. I think of it as the PostgreSQL of networking gear, cheap and all purpose. It won't have speed or density but it would have robustness and flexibility. Services that currently run on general purpose servers could get targeted towards open network hardware platforms. I don't have any proof, but I don't think there would be shortage of people doing interesting things like making hardware in memory key value stores. FPGAs would be cost competitive in a system like this. Routing multiple 100MB/s streams of shouldn't be a problem. Convinced? Maybe a little? Haven't used your app but you could segment the page and then allow people to annotate objects, this could guide the html generation. I really like this, thanks for the pointer. I didn't check it out much, but at the local sporting goods store in Seattle (Big-5) I saw a single speed with 700c rims, steel frame for about $110 I think maybe more maybe less. If the crappy bike manufacturers of the world aren't making simple steel utilitarian bikes, they should be. I'd buy one and I already have 2 bikes. Steel frame, steel handlebars (for safety), sealed bottom bracket, 5 speed rear derailleur and friction disc brakes. 25-30 lbs is fine. Doesn't need any aluminum except for the rims and the chainring. This bike is most likely (some large percentage) glue. It is basically a fiberglass and epoxy design only using cardboard. Recycling THIS thing is going to be a real bitch. I think it should be built, but it isn't an _answer_ to anything other than human curiosity. Sharks with lasers protection system included at no charge? That is reeediculous! Lemme guess, comes with a brooks saddle and flask pouche? On redis 2.6 you can use Lua, reductions over lists could be done directly on the server. I http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOZ3Xt6ZMBA&t=6m15s David Sloan on the evolution of egg laying hens. See the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Replicator_equation You mean like this, http://salestores.com/tenma727218c.html?gclid=CLqlss7l5bECFW... Why not build what you describe, clamp it around the main feed to the house and have it join the wifi network, it can pubsub the data anywhere at that point. This would be an order of magnitude better than just reading the meter. Why does the internet archive suck so much? I am on this page, http://archive.org/details/buckminsterfullereverythingiknow0... and there isn't a single file download. No context, no description, I just get dropped into some shitty video with BF (who is awesome) but unknown to many just talking ... archive.org needs our help. it is like some crappy swap meet / information dumping ground. The GPU on the Pi can't/won't support OpenCL. That doesn't stop one from writing a GPGPU program in GLSL. No this only switches the connection to https, but still hundreds of files. Yeah, 100s of little files doesn't increase the reach of information, to lessens it. My beef isn't with the information but the presentation. Only the most diehard autodidacts will push through these barriers. My litmus test is, could I witness a person I cared about being treated like that. If not, then I probably shouldn't be there. The operative phrase is "antibiotic-resistant bacteria", bacteria is around us all the time, this is in-escapable, the antibiotic-resistant variety is what is bad. Compare organic to non-organic carrots. Double blind yourself all you want, hands down organic carrots (things labeled as) are x10 better than the woody sticks they are compared to. This is probably not a lot of data (billing information, 20M users * 2k ~ 40GB) and should have been stored in immutable snapshots down @ the 5 or 1 minute mark with those encrypted snapshots being checksummed and replicated to different systems. Each new entry to go into a distributed replicated log. Double entry book keeping (immutable data structure with checksums) has been around from what, the 1300s? They should have been using chaos monkey, http://techblog.netflix.com/2012/07/chaos-monkey-released-in... The name just got cutesy with people's money, when they shoulda been getting cutesy with good design, stuff fails. But systems shouldn't fail that handle money. There _will_ be breakage of customer accounts, there will be no getting around that. Look on the bright side, people finally have a chance to not-reup services they don't need. By HSM he means, Hardware Security Module. quote from wikipedia HSMs can typically be clustered for high availability. Some HSMs feature dual power supplies to enable business continuity. Ok, so organic is correlated but not the cause. I will stick with my weak, can't be transported long distances tasty food. My similar solution is here https://gist.github.com/3678958 it has the added bonus of using an object with the methods attached, but the outcome is the same. from underscore import _ as us Only by being constructively critically reflective can we continue to grow. Pythonic is bandied about like a hammer. If people understood the intent of _pythonic_ I think they wouldn't use the term unpythonic so loosely. Make sure you are using hardware decoding which is more than fast enough. I doubt these systems have enough cpu capacity to decode HD streams w/o assistance. With those ethics you would have a problem working for a 3 letter agency. They cannot netboot. The bootloader is crap. I will have to look into this, http://kernelnomicon.org/?p=133 u-boot on the raspberry pi. This will be a huge boon to virtualization and machines with high multitasking workloads (refilling the caches quickly). Cache locality and streaming reads and writes are still as important as ever. Crashes iPad 1 with iOS 5.1 If I could downvote you I would, but since I can't I will leave a meta-comment. Why is it important for you call out that they are in the set of three different minorities ? The entire tone of your post isn't constructive. http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO1&Sec... | They acted rationally assuming perfect information. patently false. They don't need credibility, the chilling effects of knowing you are being watched are enough. You prevented yourself from actualizing your thought crime. The nice thing about exposing what was already "known" is now so many people are talking about it openly. It is hard for the wolves to attack so many moving targets. What we need is for hundreds to file very narrowly focused FOIA requests that do not probe too deeply. They need to be fulfillable. Or it was leaked on purpose to let everyone know that they should, "shut the fuck up." Or be watched? Too much work. Watch homeland and drink amazing wine on your 100K+ salary. Tearfully wish the country wasn't descending into the cauldron ... Which is why you need a co-leaker. Dangerous yes, but you can at least compare documents between each other. Extract the text, strip the UTF down to ascii and fix the whitespace... Hell, even have it transcribed by a typist. Full air-gap. This whole leaking business needs to be turned into an SEO optimized translated wiki page. Once it came to light that they were recorded, I would think they would slap an additional wiretapping violation and then move to have the video evidence suppressed. A couple clicks away and come across this, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kids_for_cash_scandal . Could you make a showhn or maybe just reply with a pastebin of security/privacy tools you would recommend? The hardware would have the backdoor, independent of the software. Think magicpacket http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wake-on-LAN but with a hypervisor rootkit. At least that is what I would do. Many books are written by multiple authors to reduce the latency to market so there is inherent repetition between the chapters along with the (non-)manditory boilerplate that should be replaced by open content. More concise, better written content takes longer to write and revise. If I had more time, I would write a better response to you. Unless Apple comes out with another expandable tower that has multiple sockets and supports > 128GB of ram I won't be buying one of their desktops. I have an _old_ Q6600 based hackintosh with RAID SSD and RAID 10 secondary. Granted the ram maxed out at 8GB but the machine is still speedy. Having > 64 would vastly simplify my workflow by enabling more VMs to be live at the same time. We need (maybe not) a constitutional amendment that prevents - retroactive legality - retroactive il-legality - immunity I don't / can't even understand how immunity can be a thing. Sounds like some kids making up bullshit rules on the playground. To even suggest it points directly at guilt. Very likely. Even if it was for a specific case. Have them refactor a 200 line program and then discuss with them why they did what they did. Or given the same codebase have them add a feature and some form of testing. There are many ways to simulate in a highly compressed manner the typical tasks of a programmer without resorting to algorithmic puzzles. We should also move to a 4 day work week and "give" that extra day to another person. With the efficiency gains over the last 50 years it doesn't make sense to continue the 5+ day work week. Not inferior, different. Women have a different perspective, a diversity of perspectives (taken on merit) allows a group to not get stuck in a local min-max. Ask the NSA for a copy? The best pesticide is an army of biological robots evolved to hunt down insects. Aka, the Chicken! Bla bla correlation and causation. I did not infere that ALL users whom exhibited the same online behavior got the same search. Other factors led the cops to the premises. To me the point was, yes they are looking at your search history. But as other users have pointed out, her husband could have been included in a 3-degrees of separation blanket warrant. Yes, and duh. Corp provided health insurance means the employer controls the labor liquidity, not the employees. The hypocrite Republicans should have loved to offload the cost of health insurance onto the taxpayer, not the corp. But the power of employee control even trumps direct bottom line profits. Wal-Mart gets it, that is why it encourages employees to seek public assistance and pays them so little that they still qualify. It is the iTunes of the open source media world. An abomination, at least it isn't as bad as Calibre. I recently tried switching back to FF from Chrome and I find FF to lag horribly. Downloads are frequently broken and stall. The , thing is ridiculous. It feels like there is a molasses powered queue between input events and response, FF feels like a drunken master. I am in Chrome right now, I wish I was in FF. NASA total budget over its lifetime: $790.0 B in 2007 dollars. Just the book cost of the wars since 2001, http://costofwar.com/ 1.45 T not including future costs (debt payments, health care, net drag on economy) are roughly 2 more entire lifetime-NASAs. Wow. How much innovation have those two wars earned us? How about large scale funding of science and technology is an "engine of innovation", whatever that term means. I can't get things to reliably fail, admittedly the connections I am on are flaky. I have been traveling around the world for the last 8 months. From direct experience I know that Chrome handles flakey connections much better than FF. I routinely get downloads that are completely stuck in FF, showing 20KB/S as a download speed but the file hasn't been touched in 5 minutes and nothing gets written to disk and the activity monitor shows 0KB/s of network traffic. I would open a bug, but I would have to write a server that would expose the problem, no decent repro case and it wouldn't get fixed. ---- edit, Many times I have to pause a download and then resume to get the dl unstuck. Yeah, I have been toying with how to write a server to automated test cases to repro these bugs. Almost all issues I have with browsers is how they behave on slow connections. On the very fast and reliable connections we have in the states, many of the issues are not present. homework assignment, using the same typeface find valid strings (names of ISPs etc) that fit within the redacted blocks. Extra credit for using an NLP toolkit to ensure grammatical correctness, double extra credit for using the same grammar rules as the document. It is also my understanding that the ruling was sealed as top secret by executive order, please someone confirm this. By doing so they proved/showed a ridiculous loophole in the system, that the court is a total puppet. It can declare verdicts, but the verdicts can be silenced by executive order, disappearing them. Executive orders of secrecy can and will make everyone guilty of espionage at some point. 2 + 2 == 4 is now declared "TOP SECRET" to reveal it is an act against the US. One could make a Lua backend to PyPy? :) Lua 5.2 has a nice `goto` which makes things very easy. Esp with builtin TCO. Cancer vectors vary far and wide, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Devil_facial_tumour_disease no comment on whether that particular cancer is a fungus which BTW would be a new one to me. You need a hug bro. Sorry about your stock, seriously. Microsoft was there as an epiphenomenon. If they didn't exist (at all) the PC industry would still be here and some would argue that without the monopolistic innovation stifling practices, it would be much more vibrant today. MS ran off the hell off of Xenix internally. Mail, calendaring, etc. I remember when NT was going to be the best Unix out there... And then Win32 happened and coolaid got sloshed around. The NT Kernel could have been an amazing Unix. The bulk of the money is in os, sql server, office/exchange. Everything else is tiddly winks. Citing you as a source, how was MS involved in the clones? Compaq made a clone of the IBM PC. The IBM PC was cloneable in the first place because they went extremely low budget and stuck together off the shelf parts. Yes, the cheap clone army definitely spurred the small computer revolution. But I don't see how MS can viewed as an entity that shepherded it along. They certainly weren't the only ones make a CPM clone either. Or if you want to have a population with a dogmatic rigid attitude then you make everything a symbol for "who they are and what they believe in." I have been to countries that are more nationalistic than the USA and many minds are closed when it comes to even realizing that questions can be asked. The sphere of what is the truth is so large it obscures all vision. | "A government that engages in mass surveillance cannot claim to value innovation, critical thinking, or originality." Isn't that the point of surveillance? Bureaucracies don't like originality and critical thinking, but most people don't exhibit those behaviors anyway. And those that do, will do so regardless of reward or risk. Any hierarchy of control will calcify as it gets larger otherwise it would collapse under its own weight, so a surveillance state that aims to keep artistic endeavors in check makes sense. While we do need a small number of elites to improve and think up new ideas (see Lenin's New Economic Policy of infusing innovation into Communism through temporary small scale Capitalism), it would be dangerous if everyone had free time or capacity of enlightened intellect to be as creative and critical as they are capable. The 60s are great existence proof of that. As we are seeing with a general lack of outrage in the population over the snowden released information, people are more cautious, saying less and policing themselves. It is a small minority, maybe to their own peril who are speaking their minds. The cynic would say that maybe Snowden's release was a planned move by the Administration. Think of how much more effective the system will be if it is in "the open." A bold move, but if successful, forever changes what the notion of liberty means in the US. He has more in common with Bill Gates than he probably would like to admit (640k aught to be ...), yeah yeah, snopes. ;) It is amazing how much value and change in the world has occurred because of ycombinator companies, direct and follow on effects. And all of this for the paltry sum of 1.7 billion (ish) dollars. The 1,467 Billion we've spent on the war(s) so far could have made ~850 ish entire ycombinators, on the order of 450k startups. As well as exhausting the entire io and ly domain name spaces. I totally agree, I was thinking entirely of the former. The state knows it needs some of those people to go forward. But they will produce no matter what. Limiting the number of people on the second set is of little detriment and actually what I think is the goal. Yes the total creative output is lower, but control is still retained. The state maximizes for control, not creative output or liberty. It is really sad the NSA thing existed in the first place. A waste of intellect, creativity and resources on all sides. All those TFLOP years of computation for what? With the kind of money I present, one can farm and not just spear fish. It is like doing a mini-qual every time a new story makes it above the fold. And it is great, because the page just sits there and I get to attack it with deep nuanced arguments about stuff it didn't think about, stupid web page. So yes, the astute observations of which the negative ones are usually the easiest to come up with (humans are choice rankers first, creators a distant n-th) get us points, and those points give us dopamine. Remember when EVERYONE could see the points? The problem was even worse. Really, the points should go away or be delayed. Maybe use an html -> html translator? I agree. Modern html and css seem like one of the most confusing things I have ever tried to do, I find it analogous to doing taxes. Almost all code except the stuff written by the Masters of Succinctness can be shrunk by a factor of 2. Order of magnitude reduction is the only impressive metric. No, a 6 min mile is not average. And yes the average of most things is shit. Shit isn't bad (unless it is), it is the output of useful work usually. It just needs to be covered up and stayed away from. I always thought 80% of coding (solving anything really) is understanding the problem. The other 50% is implementation. True, I was making a facetious statement that everything that eats produces shit and that the "shit code" is just another by product of a living organism (team, business, coders). Something can be not-good and still be not-bad. I would say my figurative use of the world shit in this context is near neutral but flawed quality. Like dollar store tools. Most of my code is shit probably by everyones definition. So I try and write as little as possible to solve the problem. If I spent the time required to make all of my code non-shit (not good, but non-shit) then I would get very little done. It would be nice if google wave didn't tank, or this discussion board was scriptable by the end users because I would love a sidebar where we could agree on the definitions of terms under discussion. Due to the lack of attention, willful or otherwise, most conversations online end up talking _past_ or _at_ each other and not to. Data formatted in a regular pattern so that we can easily parse it. I have always suspected dropbox was a rootkit trojan. Ever since the founder said that it was open to sifting through users data for copyright violations. That is most likely the funders goal of the original research. One of my fears about the meta data collection is that when coupled with research like this it will enable monitoring and control of a small number of important people (important in the sense of spreading information, effecting change). In the same vein you take it a step further and detect those who self police, they can be effectively ignored. I am sure the machine is trying to efficiently figure out who the "do the right thing" boyscouts are so it can remove them from the system. Hadoop is the problem, MapReduce is not the problem. Having used both Hadoop and Disco, I can say that Disco is by far a net positive on all projects I used it on. And the overhead to coding it in Disco vs single node is about an extra 30 minutes. You can start with working single node and go multinode w/o much effort. http://discoproject.org Hadoop on the other hand is a huge, massive pain in the ass. And I am a Hadoop consultant. I recommend that most customers NOT use it. Extensions should be in the clear so we can see them. There is ABSOLUTELY no reason to minify an extension, they get downloaded once. In this scenario minification == obfuscation == something to hide. Why is minification important in this case? How will it effect your execution of the extension? Having just traveled around the world over 7 months but NOT freelancing, I would have to say that: * net connections are very very spotty, prepare to work offline * supplies are rare (usb devices, upgrades, etc), expect to pay more for less * desk conditions are poor, rarely did we find a place where I could get into the flow. Checking email and noodling on the net was fine, but getting real quality work done requires spending time to find the right location. I think it could be possible, I have written some of the best code of my life in a corporate budget hotel holed up for a week with only a 1Mbps internet connection. You can simulate work/travel by playing with IPFW settings on your mac and only working out of a macdonalds. Totally agree. The locations that are most conducive to "the flow" also have internet that is worse than non-existent. I have learned to just shut it off completely rather than sink time trying to get blood from the turnip. Local copies of documentation and projects that take little outside research also help. When going on another extended adventure, we will definitely stay in one well scouted location for awhile (6 weeks to 6 months). Nothing ever gets dialed in if you're moving all the time. Just fill them with grain and have the birds eat it all. Problem gone. Reason by analogy much? Layered security and out of band. Flaw in ssh? Still have another speed bump in the attack vector. Anyone can donate, this isn't running for political office. It is a legal fund. That is actually what the constitution says. The US government should get warrant when spying on anyone regardless of who they are or where they are. The limitations are placed on the government, not the other way around. It is only by legal convention that the US government does warrantless spying on non US citizens and gets away with it. The malware would have to escape the virtual machine. The VM needs to be firewalled off from the host and NOT have the host guest tools installed. There are plenty of ways to breakout of a VM. What if the VM has a filesystem that is readonly by the host? Drive by download, cookie fs drop, etc. Attack the indexing server, file previews, etc. You really want to run the VM on an external host like a raspberry pi and the VM should different than the host running Tor. Tor should really be rewritten in a Coq proven Haskell program. I meant specifically that the VM should have low privs when it comes to the host, it shouldn't be able to port scan, map drives, the host MAC can be found via ARP. Just thinking about what happens when the NSA p0wns the OS running the Tor browser. (vm-tor-net (vm-tor-browser)) Even if the gui VM that is used for running Tor has been compromised it should still be impossible to determine where the Tor client node is running. That is goal right? .class files are a fairly simple mechanical translation from java into bytecodes making them easy to decompile. Many optimizations that a compiler would do for static code are not done as the JIT can decide at runtime. The Java->OpenCL framework https://code.google.com/p/aparapi/ decompiles kernels written in Java class files back into algebra and reprojects them into OpenCL. The peformance of a LuaJIT based JVM could actually be quite good depending on how much work is done in the decompilation stage. Mirrors my experience to a T. There are so many issues with AirBNB (bidding process, calendar, cost model, trust model) that it strikes me as being created by some naive suburban kids. The amount of work that they do to prevent out of band messaging makes any sort of meaningful discourse or authentication impossible. But then AirBnB couldn't keep riding the ridiculous gravy train it is on. They are just front loading their bank account while claiming "this a new emerging market that we are all trying to figure out." at the expense of all users in the system. I have used it 5 times (some whole apt, some rooms). In _general_ it works o.k I travel a lot and the amount of work that one has to do (back and forth with host, broken calendaring, shady host) etc only makes sense for longer stays. If I am only going to be at place for a weekend, I'll book a hotel and be done with it. It isn't feedback against bad hosts, it is the amount of work that it takes to _not_ get a bad host which isn't comparable to weeding out bad hotels. Is there a comparable license that achieves one of the goals of LGPL, that changes to the library get published? I doubt many open hardware publishers really have relinking in mind. Which struck me as totally backwards. With embedded multipliers available in nearly all levels of FPGAs, I think an OpenCL/HSAIL target would be a more generic solution that could enable many of the hardcoded features in software. Right now that switch is ADD medication, meditation, exercise (in order of increasing effectiveness and access). All of those judges should lose their jobs. How are the requests presented to the FISA court so baked that they deny so few? What makes them special as to have rejection rates so much lower than other courts? The batteries don't rotate. gamedev and CG will merge with gamedev winning out as compute bandwidth increases. The bottom end always eats the top. And those are what? Dead code takes down another system. A perfect storm of failures that they made themselves. My gut feeling is that most trading firms could suffer a similar loss. Having worked for a 3rd party accounting management firm that kept logs for smaller traders I really realized how borked the whole system is. 60s era pen and paper stuff moving at the speed of light. > Sadly, the primary cause was found to be a piece of software which had been retained from the previous launchers systems and which was not required during the flight of Ariane 5. http://www.vuw.ac.nz/staff/stephen_marshall/SE/Failures/SE_A... I really really despise what distro maintainers do with packages. Pinning some stuff way in the past, esp deps used by lots of projects, this then forces consumers of those deps to get patches against their code to work causing a schizm in the public version and the distro version of the library. A huge pointless wasted mess. I almost always use pip and my own installed code (kinda homebrew like) to put dependencies onto a box. It takes more work but I can skip the bullshit. Dead code (latent functionality) in both systems was reactivated without proper testing or knowledge and both systems failed as result. We need to be very weary of latent functionality. But I don't want to fix Air BnB's problems, I want to see them die in fire. I use it all the time, but I can't resist the urge to work there and burn the place to ground. Do you work at/for/rendered services to LinkedIn in any way? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6507718 will suffice. If I think about it, I will start to get sick to my stomach. I am not sure the government can/should make laws that are retroactive. It just _feels_ wrong. The teleco immunity being the largest in recent memory. This hurts his pricing plan effectively moving EVERYONE to the "pay us when you make money" plan. I'd say 50% of the first 80$, that way they still get a check on their first sale but they ended up paying a little bit more ($20). Depends on the build speed. It could "print in" holes into the wall and use a scissor action ... but I don't think that would work. You want the whole concrete/ferro cement to setup at once. An overhead cement pump and a much smaller more precise placement head/nozzle would probably be a better choice. Anything you can reuse from existing construction tech the cheaper. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concrete_pump Form in cable runs in the floor and walls (use modular extension style cables for all the wiring). Let the "customer" run that stuff. Have voids in the ceiling for light pipes that also store solar energy for light at night. There are tons of solutions to these problems. We need some mid-size prototypes (10x10 size) and some playtime. beachballs are for IO. You should have an SSD and banish the beachball. And Nashorn should jit to bytecodes, which should jit back to JS. Like realtime closure compiler. Atwood's Ouroboros She continues to support the NSA while at the same time proving she doesn't know exactly what they are doing. Not really two things that should be combined. It feels like it. It also feels like it has kickstarted the real thing. I feel like working on it myself. seriously, just put images in divs and use some box to move them around. flat sexy gravity. ken burns effect for web 4.x This is also why shouldn't answer "secret questions" about yourself. These can be aggregated and gleaned from other sites. Exactly how Palin's mail was "hacked", dog's name off of a wikipedia page. The levels should increase at a faster rate if you don't make mistakes or clear the screen early. The game is up if your enemy doesn't exist. Remember MS propping up Apple? Id run in docker containers or zerovm. You _cannot_ sandbox Python. Docker is lxc. Docker is a clean and thin layer on top of lxc. Not managing lxc instances without it seems like a mistake given portability/reproducability of container management. Science toys you can make http://scitoys.com Reserved instances are most likely for people not like us. You should be modeling your apps to take advantage of spot pricing not reserved. Except when you opt out you DO NOT go through a metal detector. The last 10 times I have opted out, no metal detector screening. u forgot small-batch Being totally new to Sublime I was actually got confused on configuring paredit and lispindent with Sublime 2. get sublime2 http://www.sublimetext.com/2 package control https://sublime.wbond.net/installation#st2 launch "sublime 2" ctrl-` paste in the package control script (from above link) re-launch "sublime 2" ⌘-shift-p # dialog comes up install ↓ # up will pop a dialog after reading the package database paredit ⌘-shift-p install ↓ lispindent The extra level of detail would cloudy the main flow of the tutorial so maybe have some supporting material links for the slower kids? Doc tests are a poor solution precisely because they are difficult to edit. The solved a non-problem and made writing documentation AND tests more difficult. Instead of writing tests in strings, the documentation tool should have been modified to render that code _in_ the documentation. Could the tests be more declarative, defining properties over a space? I learned about Lonnie when I read his patent on the super soaker. Huge respect. Which it totally is! That is why all the functions I test are in pairs suitable for nose or py.test def test_foo(): assert False, "test code for foo" def foo(farb): pass Tests should absolutely be next to the code. The test should make it into the documentation. Code is documentation and should make it into the generated documentation, not the first thing you see but it should be there along with commit history, etc. Image restoration, OCR, face detection, full text indexing. Mostly just a parallel job scheduler. This is the `grep/awk` use case. The nice thing about streaming mr interface to hadoop (calling external programs) is that you can literally take your grep/awk workflow and move it to the cluster. Retaining line oriented records is a huge step in having a portable data processing workflow. Programming is now multi-language and multi-paradigm. It matters more what you can do and not what you can do it in. Being able to compose libraries and systems from parts is way more important than knowing a specific language. Everything in "the future" will always have faster adoption curves. There is more of everything so comparing them is quite difficult. Whitelabeling is the key to driving extended reach. I see no issue with with this. Valve is still the nervous system and the blood supply. Since Ada is mutating more slowly I would advocate that it be included in GCC proper. Golang just doesn't make sense. Why use gcj now that http://www.robovm.org exists? Why not render the templates in PhantomJs and have a user account that can push the rendered template back into the server cache. No need to duplicate the work of writing two backends. Or hell, just use Rhino and generate the reified pages on the server. Also, you can't patent this now. In my scenario an alternative (Rhino or PhantomJs) engine would generate a page once and then push that rendered page to the server. No real load would be sent to it. Single code path for all template rendering. Zero cross implementation bugs and the client still gets a fully reified page on first load. Shit idea, lil harsh. I was thinking that we need to optimize for growing crops indoors under minimal water and light scenarios. Living in your own apt/led greenhouse. To do this it would be nice to run thousands of experiments to find the optimal conditions, crowd source the variable space. Thoughts? Borneo is going to a lifeless rock in a couple hundred years after they have killed all of their soil from Oil Palm production. After a plantation is dead from over fertilization, no life will grow. With nothing to hold the soil in place it will wash into the sea. One can already run Java->OpenCL workloads on Hadoop using https://code.google.com/p/aparapi/ you don't need buy any magic sauce. It compiles kernels written in java down to OpenCL which can run on SSE or GPU backends. Not entirely true. Redis sets are quite powerful. I second this, Mike Pall should write a book. I will buy any book Mike Pall writes. Linguistically, ChucK reminds me of PHP. That said, if you want to learn it, https://www.coursera.org/course/chuck101 These are great! I think there is definitely a place for MotionTex in math videos. Both. Price, access. But mostly price. One could start Udacity while in middle school and be bad ass before leaving high school. I doubt ITT Tech offers that. Highly motivated students will excel and be able to test out of classes they don't need to waste their time with. Oh good, more nanoparticles around the kids. Yeah, smells like edutainment. How is a breadboard a bad thing? It costs 1/3 what this pen costs and can be reused to make circuits that carry real current and signals, not just electronic holiday cards. I teach classes for assholes to integrate with the rest of society and this a perfect case study in what not to do. Guy shoulda just let it blow over. Esp when project lead accepts the patch, he doesn't even have a canine level of sociability. Woof. I assume they would start to have distributed micro ware houses (shipping containers, dry vans) that are launching points for drones or dudes on scooters. I feel sorry for minimart. Also, if serious, they should buy 7-11. I still don't understand why Blockbuster wasn't scooped up like hot cakes. All those juicy retail locations. I can't help but growl QUAD DAMAGE!! reading those forum posts. Ouch. When regs do come out they will most likely have to stay over roads and can't just cut through someones yard. When it fails an air bladder will inflate minimizing the speed and force that it lands. Like, http://www.hovding.com/en/how_it_works/ Motors will have a lockout that stops it from spinning when it comes into contact with flesh. http://www.sawstop.com This technology is way more than 2 years off. The FAA isn't just going to print out a pamphlet and say everything is OK. Machines are dangerous and nothing I see in any of the latest tech even comes close to the reliability or safety that will be necessary. If she has kittens I would like one. There was a similar project mentioned here before showing transpiler chains, can't find it. Seems like it should be mentioned. PyPy is an implementation. I guess you could call it manually to output C code (then it would sit next to Shedskin), but it isn't normally used that way. I think there should be bounties for getting certain paths through the transpiler graph working. No it wasn't a quine, it was in the same spirit as the linked page, a transpiler graph. It has absolutely nothing to do with the quality of the language and entirely to do with the reach of the platform. People aren't writing transpilers so they can get Haskell to run on Rhino. You are correct, it should totally be on this list. Both as Python on Python and Python -> C. You can at great personal and social cost. The new Don Quixote will be tilting at communication towers everywhere. The government lawyers should face disbarment for lying to the judge about the DHS's actions. These aren't prosecutors, they don't have immunity and they have professional duties that _absolutely_ do not involve lying. The man is an assistant United States Attorney, he should and did know better. Dude shows up literally _everywhere_ www.google.com/search?q=Paul+G+Freeborne+attorney * https://www.eff.org/cases/jewel * DADT (don't ask don't tell) One could ask themselves, paul.freeborne@usdoj.gov So is this like a weird twilight zone episode where if we criticize the higher powers bad stuff happens? That kinda makes me feel funny. I am not sure what you are getting at. That the PARC people were too deep in awesomeness to productize it? Just grabbing at straws I haven't read the whole article. The DK effect is that everyone is bad at estimating their ability, the lower skilled have more error in their estimates. The DK effect doesn't apply to the person, it applies to the person in the context. I might think I am more skilled at auto repair than I actually am. And in fact, I might think that because I am a bad ass at writing codes. It might be that the DK effect is _more_ pronounced in someone who has mastered a skill that they think transfers to other problem domains. But who knows, I am not a cognitive psychologist, I only play one on the internet. I attempt to bias myself towards auto-correcting feedback loops (physical, mental, computational). All of my GPU resources are OpenCL based. The only place I could run it is on AWS. Someone really needs to make a CUDA compiler with an OpenCL backend. But you must have an Nvidia card around some where to test your codes out first? It looks like the best bang for the buck is a GTX 760. Embedded systems like this do not use dynamic memory allocation. Thanks for posting this. Tangent, I was thinking about Toyota's software process failure and how they _invented_ industrial level mistake proofing yet did not apply it their engine throttle code. C is obviously the wrong language, but from a software perspective they should have at least tested the engine controller from an adversarial standpoint (salt water on the board, stuck sensors). That is the crappy thing about Harvard architecture cpu (separate instruction and data memory), you can have while loops that NEVER crash controlling a machine that continues to wreck havoc, sometimes you want a hard reset and a fast recovery. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crash-only_software I wasn't trying to nitpick. Correcting the example, and yes recovering from a malloc failure _could_ be a worthy goal, but on Linux by the time your app is getting signaled about malloc failures the OOM killer is already playing little bunny foo foo with ur processes. If your app can operate under different allocation regimes then there should be side channels for dynamically adjusting the memory usage at runtime. On Linux, failed malloc is not that signal and since _so many_ libraries and language runtime semantics allocate memory, making sure you allocate no memory in your bad-malloc path is very difficult. I have an unused kit from the 99$ sale years ago... Crap. Will they still provide all of the data? One could create a 3rd party service to give the same analysis? That is because ideas come from artists who are mostly really really bad at capitalism. I am actually not a fan of academia.edu, they seem like the scribd/slideshare of academic research. They are another paywall speedbump in the free exchange if ideas. Whenever I hit their page I immediately look for another source. If they had been more like stackoverflow and less like experts exchange ... but they are not. Feynman would be proud of your explanation. Douglas Hofstadter, "Analogy as the Core of Cognition" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8m7lFQ3njk He does an awful lot of work to build credibility and then try and use it to spread fud around Snowden. Would there even have been a "Take Back the Fourth" without Snowden? Perhaps next year we will all be at the "Remove the 4th" rally instead. :) ! Good thing they have that first law that prevents them from doing evil. It probably already happened in the 80s (Nicaragua, Honduras or Panama) with a partially automated AC130 gunship. The standoff distance of flying drone is enormous, if we aren't doing it in the air we won't do it on the ground. Ground offensive robotics will get autonomous programming before aerial drones. Huge difference between primary and secondary uses. If the the only use for your faster processor is for an automated weapon, you are responsible. A processor is general purpose. What if you designed a thermal / visible 1024x1024 pixel camera with built in optical flow calculator in a cerdip package? Even the boss man didn't tell you what it was for you could figure it out. You would be responsible. The smaller more asymmetric military operations are often used to test prototype weapons. My response about automated genocide is that it most likely already happened. And I can't think of a better testbed than an AC130 gunship for an automatic aiming system, the operators only see thermal blobs anyway. Not like this, http://www.wired.com/dangerroom/2007/10/robot-cannon-ki/ This would be trivial to automate https://archive.org/details/AC-130_Gunship_Ops_in_Afghanista... Robots won't be that scary when they are self aware. It is at the stage just _before_ self awareness where they are easily controlled and very powerful. cerdip. It really depends on how widely it is reported. Government employees even those with clearance are prohibited from looking at the wikileaks cables. If it makes it into the NYT and they see it, then it is ok. But they can't actively dig for it. Direct from the mouths of government employees. The dossier exists in the form of all the collected communications. Moores law and Gustafson's law will allow your entire life to sliced, diced and trolled for breaches of the law in seconds. Lazy, deferred evaluation of the police state. Have you heard of COINTELPRO http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/COINTELPRO and the Church Committee http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Church_Committee ? Quiz, where did the FISA court come from? http://www.pbs.org/moyers/journal/10262007/profile2.html If I run a program to look at communications and it decides that I may have done something of interest, would you look at my file then? Where is the separation between collecting and "looking" when various pieces of code automatically determine interest and connections? So both the NSA and the DEA,IRS and ? are breaking the law. http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/08/07/us-dea-irs-idUSBRE... How about they stop the illegal collection and then the illegal sharing cannot occur. As an American, I think it sucks that we are spying on everyone. I don't like being spied. I don't like you being spied on. My interpretation of the constitution would read that for any information to be collected on anyone would have to get a court order. The constitution limits the powers of the government, not the people. And "the people" in the majority of the contexts is EVERYONE, all of us, all people everywhere. It is only by convention that the Supreme Court allows this shit to continue. The "ok to spy on foreigners" thing is farce. It is not ok, and I don't even understand how it continues to get promulgated. If it takes a 50k strong Federal Corp of Judges to look at every single case, so be it. At least we could decide. It smells like some Terry Gilliam inspired fascist utopia where a mid level tech in the security apparatus shills for the state/employer while hocking their caveman mayonnaise. It must indeed have all of the electrolytes. Big brother would put THAT on his bun! The unexamined life isn't worth living or watching. Those with nothing to hide offer nothing of interest. Correct. As the engineers we need to breakdown our technological components and realize how they will get assembled by the end users. Our moral obligation doesn't stop with "just making tools" and leave the hard problems up to the people that will ultimately be pulling the trigger. The human social contract goes beyond political borders and is exactly why the powers of the government were delineated in the Constitution. What part of the Constitution says US citizens have a free press, freedom of association and freedom of speech? Short Answer: None. So if the Constitution doesn't grant those things to citizens, how can we remove them from non-citizens? Not infringing on freedom isn't a perk, it is a natural born right. We don't live in feudal states, with live in the United States. "The People" formed the Union and wrote the exact rules that the government could operate under. You aren't granted rights by the Constitution. They are removed from federal government, the Constitution takes rights away from the federal government. A very important distinction. And much of what the NSA and the CIA is benign and could be done in public. Like reading, understanding and communicating political events in other countries. Understanding world economies. Close it down and redistribute the funds to the Peace Corps, I know lots of out hipster kids I would like to send to Sudan. Yes, "the people" formed the United States. This isn't disputed. The entire body of the Constitution deals with limiting and delineating federal power. I don't understand what you mean by "all the things sovereigns have the right do do, which is pretty much everything." ? Clearly there are laws, and the US government is bound to those laws. Are you saying that the US government can have people killed? Torture? And as long as the US legal system isn't there to intervene it is legal? Give me a cross street and I will burn some donuts in ur lawn. Those are libraries? The js app performance will be a "solved" problem in 4 years. * WebCL will be widely deployed, better penetration than current WebGL * Web workers will be able to share typed arrays by reference (see Mozilla's Transferable Objects) * Other vectorization libraries will be available (Rivertrail) http://blog.aventine.se/post/16318162396/simd http://www.khronos.org/webcl/ https://github.com/RiverTrail/RiverTrail This is a bad interview question. It involves "rediscovering" a named algorithm on the fly, over the phone OR already knowing about it an acing it which is disingenuous on the part of the interviewee, or telling the truth that you know it and moving on to an equally bogus question. In the spectrum of questions, this one is near yes or no. Good questions might start with, "how would you implement a system to ..." or "We have a system to solve VVV using UUU what issues good and bad do you see with this?" Please think about renaming it. This is the most generic, hard to find thing possible. Consider `vecmao` has only 13.5k hits on google. I'd go get a job with the competition so I knew how faster their systems are. Also a ridiculous question. heh, trailed off. ---- Because WebGL will be based off of WebCL, WebGL is a subset targeted at graphics. And change is accelerating, everything in the future happens faster. So there will be more people to implement WebCL than there was to implement WebGL. More and more people are using advanced web apps so the pressure is higher to make things faster. By 13.5k I mean 89. Use double quotes around the search term. We used shipping containers to kill captured Afghans via asphyxiation in 2001 http://www.andyworthington.co.uk/2009/07/13/the-convoy-of-de... from the linked newyorktimes article: Survivors and witnesses told The New York Times and Newsweek in 2002 that over a three-day period, Taliban prisoners were stuffed into closed metal shipping containers and given no food or water; many suffocated while being trucked to the prison. Other prisoners were killed when guards shot into the containers. The bodies were said to have been buried in a mass grave in Dasht-i-Leili, a stretch of desert just outside Shibarghan. If I were to do it again, I'd use autonomous drones with buggy firmware, or just change the Rules of Engagement so that it was a free fire zone until I decided it wasn't. That would be immoral. I would love to meet someone who has been schooled in the rules of engagement and ask them what they think about operations like these, https://archive.org/details/AC-130_Gunship_Ops_in_Afghanista... The asymmetry and the distance, it feels like a hit. On an equally morbid but more realistic note, why did they have to accept prisoners? Couldn't they just have "dead checked" everyone? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dead_checking The native Hawaiians were only on Hawaii for what 800-1400 years before Cook got there? This has more to do with Hawaiian sovereignty from white dudes than religious beliefs. I have been to Hawaii and many natives would rather bite their own hand off than touch a haole. And strengthening the NSA would directly cause the further fall of the USA. The cheapest way to to attack the USA as an institution is to attack the USA in way the gives the most radical factions power in the short term. Wether or knot I take you're advice, it is a suite tip. I have done things like this, like adding "get your war on" to the svn repo navigator page, http://www.mnftiu.cc/category/gywo/war81/ I thought it was hilarious, they paid some dude to "work the weekend" to figure out how to remove it. In retrospect, I should have DONE EXACTLY WHAT I DID, but also add a button to hide the artwork. We need to be human and express ourselves. Nothing of interest happens by consensus. The nickelback feature should have popped up a dialog, the problem would have solved itself. I see you are playing nickelback 0_o ... I put this right here, http://funkatron.com/posts/empathy-is-our-most-important-att... This was an excellent post, it was abstract but at least he kept it short. I had an argument about DI with a friend months ago and it boiled down in his use (Guice) that it was only for testing components. I think of DI as a big meta-constructor in the sky, it gives dynamic scope to a lexically scoped language. And the problem with it as we currently use it, is that it hides intent behind a config file so we can't read what the code is actually doing, only doing abstractly. What if the tooling ghosted those abstract classes and put the concrete classes in their place with reading and navigating? It could effectively "statically link" in the IDE those dependencies. So is DI a result of incomplete language design? Should the concept of DI be baked in? Are you saying focus on root cause solutions rather than side effects? Often a lack of specificity kills a project, the generic solution withers while the targeted one flourishes. I often "think big" but target a specific, ready to pivot to a new specific while retaining the same architecture and philosophy. You both should use an FPGA, then you have control over the full stack. It is a little bit more work to bootstrap an FPGA system but the effort is worth it. There are many MIPS cores available http://opencores.org/project,plasma,overview in VHDL and http://opencores.org/project,mips32r1 Verilog . Crucial reportedly has better support than that. My M4 would crash after 21 minutes (exactly-ish) over a year continuous service (100+GB/day), the latest firmware fixed the problem and increased speeds. The USB firmware updater was a god send compared to the vile vile hoops I had to jump through to upgrade my OCZ drive. I currently have an Samsung 840 1TB and has been rock solid, it replaced a 250GB intel 320. Afaik Samsung is the only manufacturer that owns the whole supply chain, flash + controller. This has no license. _Any_ license is better than no license. Your stuff looks good. Keep it up. A wise man once said, http://www.aaronsw.com/weblog/python3 That is all programs in general, checking a specific program is totally within bounds. Do you have some screenshot examples? I like the idea of this feature. http://www.peninsuladailynews.com/article/20130925/news/3092... But if I am using Forth I am going to be much more cognizant of what is on the stack than if I was using say, Python. What is possible and what is easy or normal are often far apart. What about compile time macros or run time macros? Users of languages that do not have those features often have a hard time grasping them. Yet they are totally possible in most languages we use today (eval,Janino,etc). EDIT: Apparently linguistic relativity says, if there isn't a word for it then I can't understand it (to horribly paraphrase). Is that a somewhat correct interpretation? Yes, you said that. I guess my conjecture is that while I don't agree with LR if that is the definition, the semantics of the language definitely change what is easily expressed (no shit), the aborigine girls are constantly aware of their position vector, most people are not. The way they use language has shaped their thinking. Would it be the brits or the americans heading to the HR department for the violations? I am going to make a new word, "learnacrastinator", "learnicrastor" (feel free to fix/expound). One who learns a subject or skill while procrastinating studying for another. Wow, two different colors of green. That person must hate the color blind with a passion. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RONJA RONJA (Reasonable Optical Near Joint Access) is a free-space optical communication system originating in the Czech Republic. It transmits data wirelessly using beams of light. Ronja can be used to create a 10 Mbit/s full duplex Ethernet point-to-point link. I know, I drool over the http://www.canon.com/bctv/canobeam/ You say so many words Hiding behind that fact that you are a What we _really_ need is a way to manage python2 and python3 codebases, infact we need a story to manage pythonN+ codebases interoperating in the same process. How is this a one time event? It isn't, nor should it be. Everything is future legacy. Versioned imports down to the language level. Each file should say what version of the language it uses. Code once written that works should not fail to work in the future. Twisted is its own island. He means, "wtf, why is there a wiki page with a download link to a pdf that contains maybe 2k of data tops" we both know he knows what a pdf is. He is complaining about a shittier version of sharepoint, something we can all get behind. My feed array to the LTO-5 drive is 4 2TB (Hitachi) in RAID-10. Backup strategies, much like build systems are some constant factor harder than they appear. I'd like to migrate to ZFS but have yet to. Still just running EXT4. HN should be on a replicated data store like Riak. Losing a node or two shouldn't take the system down, or should at least run in a degraded state (read only) until hardware is restored. http://basho.com/riak/ Sorta compared to the vga adapter idea, I'd like to see the pcweasel updated to the now. HDMI, usb (mouse,keyboard,storage) all over HTML5. Make it a hundred bucks and I will buy 10. TODO sync is good, make is a service on heroku, ec2, etc. The sims editor should allow you to put your own face on it. have it painted by someone in vietnam. Timing is very very very (I could keep going) hard. Mostly it is luck, a few very perceptive people can see all the network flows that need to come into place for an idea to take hold in the collective consciousness. If we operated on a different location in the economic parameter space we would solve a problem, and if it didn't fit into the current graph, we would shelve it only to reactivate it later when it could fit. A dormant prototype can be a very powerful thing. Just like every "sharing economy" app steals from craigslist, every "social" app steals from reddit. The null object is a beautiful device. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Initial_object This is an excellent idea, thanks for making this. Along with calling, it might be helpful to have a wiki that outlined the issues and talking points. People often care, but then feel like they don't have enough depth of knowledge to take action. At very least it would be nice to point to one. Better than CREEP. Bah! I know the JVM is now double-check-locking safe but http://www.cs.umd.edu/~pugh/java/memoryModel/DoubleCheckedLo... Just put a `synchronized` on it and call it good. The JVM is so damn fast, _nearly_ all the stuff in the Haggar book (Practical Java) is not applicable anymore. Use a cross platform dev kit. Duplicating work is like maybe 5% of the total effort. So no, not that much duplication. Right. We encrypt everything after we have the sha1 of it, dropbox. Could you give a link to that? I'd like it for reference. I hope in 50 years (if we are still around), that the American people and the American Government show a similar level of maturity. Translates pain into prose. No, they would become addicted to pleasure stimulus, their version of digital heroin and become "unproductive" When I read what is allowed and what is not, it boggles my mind. I attempt to try and see how they see the world, I can but I cannot accept it. I am not sure if they would go further but stop because of why? Or that they truly think what they have codified is right? If I could bring back Donahue, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phil_Donahue I think it would make an interesting discussion. Have all of the audience screened for what ever security clearance they need to witness an interrogation. The interrogation itself is on a 1 minute delay, incase they actually divulge something. We get to see the audience witness an interrogation, 4k, HD whatever. They aren't in the same room, the interrogator doesn't know a thing. Then the audience gets to ask John Rizzo and John Yoo why this is legal. I can only imagine the outpouring of a Catholic housewife from Ohio ripping them a new asshole. If I could steal a Picasso I would be set for life. Just had an idea. Put holes in the die for gas flow, if there is a keep out region around the hole the flow will remain laminar at the edges provided the pressure balance is correct and not interfere with the chip. Cooling gas could flow directly through the chip. Next up, microfluidic channels and on chip expansion chambers. Someone else mentioned future, http://python-future.org but I thought I would give it another shout out. > future is the missing compatibility layer between Python 2 > and Python 3. It allows you to use a single, clean > Python 3.x-compatible codebase to support both Python 2 > and Python 3 with minimal overhead. So in effect, you can run with some Python3 isms on Python2. All your Python is now 3 like and you can start migrating without losing the underlying infrastructure. I just realized that all programs have types and type systems. Some dynamically typed programs have hairy n-dimensional fractal type systems that no human would ever figure out (usually from bad code). The inferred languages just have this dude that watches your code and says, "yeah, I understand what is going on, your stuff is internally consistent" That would be bridge-on-bridge technology and I have a patent for that. It isn't that limited. Also take a look at shedskin. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shed_Skin I don't think it makes the standard definition of "type system" meaningless. Maybe what I am referring to above is a "type space". I agree with some of what you said in the medium link. Python does have a type system, structural and dynamic strong. The way the plus operator works was a mistake, Lua is superior in this regard. Take a look at the type inferencing that Shedskin and RPython in PyPy can do. If there wasn't a type system, how are those 'static strong' programs created? The programer and the program has a type system where the language may not. http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2351190/static-dynamic-vs... RPython and Shedskin as not different languages, they are subsets. All programs in RPython and Shedskin are proper python programs with the same semantics. Since the NSA taps the backbone, they have protocol analyzers that reverse engineer wire traffic to put it into semistructured form for processing with MapReduce. Nothing escaped them since the collection and the data deconstruction is separate. So when I use quickcheck with Python or Erlang I am creating a different language? Linguistically I don't understand how a proper Shedskin program which is also a Python program with the same semantics is in another language. By that definition, the runtime system effects what the language is, but this happens after it is written, so how can it do that? Will those packages always be up to date even on the LTS Ubuntus? Will you be able to support Postgres 12 and Nginx 3 on those machines? I find it useful to deploy the application on the same OS it was dev'd on, but in a decoupled manner. The thing I despise the most is needless upgrades of infrastructure pieces of working apps (redis,python runtime,etc). Each should get there own static version. A couple jobs back, I would package my own JVM along with the application (in an rpm) as ops was being really slow to upgrade machines. The only thing I depend on for a box is libc. We would rebuild the rpm with a new JVM and redeploy the app after testing the fix. Ha! How many copies of Lua are living in applications that Debian doesn't have control over? There are probably package maintainers excising those as we speak. I don't want to get into a packaging philosophy war, not enough fun over text, needs to be face to face. This is a good read, http://vagabond.github.io/rants/2013/06/21/z_packagers-dont-... on how over zealous single tree packaging can make a mess of things. I had to bundle in my JVM because ops wouldn't allow more than ONE on a machine. I wanted /opt/jvm/1.6.22 /opt/jvm/1.7.10 And I could symlink my apps to the one I needed. New apps could get new JVMs, old apps would continue to run just fine. But they wouldn't do this because it _broke_ Red Hat file system guidelines, for whatever definition of broke. Reuse can absolutely cause over coupling. I prefer to have tractable dependency graphs. Take a look at * http://nixos.org/nix/ * http://www.gobolinux.org (defunct) We might run out of reply space. I made a mistake when I said quickcheck, I was thinking of the combination of Dialyzer and Typer in Erlang ( http://www.slideshare.net/konstantinvsorokin/kostis-sagonas-... ) I think I get what you are saying, that you have to take the totality of language in the current context. And I would have to say yes, the language of numbers with "+" is in fact Python. I think it is also Haskell and lots of other languages. If I look at a corpus of language through a slit, I will always see a subset of that language. But it doesn't stop being that language by looking at with a microscope. What happens we see a code snippet like a = 5 + b - 10 We don't know what language it is, but it doesn't matter. It is valid Ruby,Python,Lua,JavaScript, etc. Are we,me splitting hairs? I am just a layperson, I would like to fix any discrepancies in my knowledge. When companies do this, they should be fully audited and fined 300% profit, split evenly between the harmed company and the government. If that puts them out of business, so be it. This nock on effect is where the real harm is done. The fact that Intel is not checking for feature flags, but rather the existence of an Intel processor is actionable. They aren't following their own best practices for accessing optional features of the chip. So if I don't "publish" I lose my screencast? That seems pretty lame. Also, as much of a CC fan as I am, why do you force people to license their screencasts under CC? Cool. Thanks. If you want to differentiate yourself over what quicktime already provides, I would add in some basic titling, pointer highlighting and region zooming. COM was actually not a bad model. Sadly the closest thing is HTTP and JSON right now. And the bytecode is just calling polymorphic methods. All the real work is done in the object implementations of type(x). I was very bummed years ago to realize how shallow the bytecode representation in Python is. There is no sub-terpreter, just C. If Uber wasn't a douche, they would have just booked rides in the cars and personally talked to the drivers. Absolutely no harm in that. What they did shows an utter lack of tact. This is just a small sample of the OpenCL kernels available in the AMD SDK (it runs everywhere, at least it did last time I checked). AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/AESEncryptDecrypt_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/BinarySearch_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/BinomialOption_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/BitonicSort_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/BlackScholesDP_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/BlackScholes_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/BoxFilterGL_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/BoxFilter_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/BufferBandwidth_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/ConstantBandwidth_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/DCT_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/DeviceFission_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/DwtHaar1D_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/EigenValue_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/FFT_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/FastWalshTransform_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/FloydWarshall_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/FluidSimulation2D_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/GaussianNoise_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/GlobalMemoryBandwidth_Kernels.cl AMD-APP-SDK-v2.4-lnx64/samples/opencl/bin/x86/HelloCL_Kernels.cl I'd hook into OpenCL from the high level language of your choice. Look at * http://mathema.tician.de/software/pyopencl/ * http://www.drdobbs.com/open-source/easy-opencl-with-python/2... Or JRuby or Jython with https://code.google.com/p/aparapi/ (still have to write your inner kernel in .java and send that to aparapi) If you go the "whole-stack-in-c" route much of your time will be spent doing memory operations. http://www.43folders.com/2004/09/03/introducing-the-hipster-... I dumped time machine entirely for an rsync based solution. Take a look @ `--link-dest` I had no idea this existed! I don't know why u guys are arguing, he wouldn't have much use this ARM part. Where this will excel is in CRUD web apps. The ARM part it there just to shuttle data between the 10Ge and the 128GB of ram. We have more gates than we know what do with. There is little correlation with die area and end user price. If this is true, it is umm, naively suboptimal (I have harsher words in my head). If you can get a cheap VPS in the US, you can use coursera downloader to grab all the content and then rsync it to your home country. I should trademark replacing trailing s with z. It is a certain commitment to Germany over Christmas. Exactly. It is important we understand the words that we left out of the original article. The point of the question isn't to get an impressive project. While we, the interviewee would love to say, guidance computer on Voyager or the Ray Tracer used in Toy Story; the point of the question is get to know the candidate and how they operate. I definitely agree on records forming the basis for a protocol. Maps do not serve the same purpose, I could see maps _used_ in a protocol but not the basis for it. Long live records! It would be nice if records became a concrete thing in Erlang. That and Hamburg is a beautiful town. They don't offer the binary because cracks and keygens get out that make installing it trivial. And since the version N-1 or more back is still totally useful they don't want to support shooting their own bottom line. What they _should_ do is offer a signed realtime .dmg for logged in users. But since they are Adobe and have their crufty ass codebase head stuck so far up their hard drive they will never do that. It is time for terracotta, porcelain or some other ceramic to start pushing their media wielding wares. The Adobe hater I am ... 16 bucks a month for EVERYTHING THEY SELL is a fucking steal. You should be using it more, not less. We get cancer all the time, our body kills it. So rate plays an important part. If a CT scan is months worth of exposure, the time for our body to react to new mutations is drastically reduced. Or they get terminated. We are all running on Erlang. I solved this by getting more wives. I worked on a system where we could see these people's behavior. I recommended that we take the top X and refund their money. They had problems, and it was unethical for us to continue to bill them. Senior management said, "No." Which was appalling to me. It would cost us nothing, all virtual bits anyway. To see the greed of taking a sick persons money is kinda depressing. It is a ridiculous and I would say blatant insult to users and their security to not firewall off apps. I really, really don't understand it. The system I worked on did 40M in revenue. We are talking about 10 people spending 5k a year (ish). So 0.5% of revenue for product that never even got activated? Refunding is the only correct response. But the constant factor is Z, a very large number. A number so large it has a color and name. It pays taxes, has lunch and sees movies on the weekend. Reworking California's totally messed up water rights system is the answer. The "Great Drought" is not the problem. http://www.calrice.org/Economics/Production+Figures.htm http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rice_production_in_the_United_S... 3) Growth curves are curves, not linear. As per 2) changes in efficiencies across the board (end use, production, transmission) along with the point of use for solar means that the grid will be less relevant in the future, not more. I dont really appreciate the way you argue. Yes we would have "lost money", if that is the contraction you are seeing. But it is money we shouldn't have rightly had in the first place. Launch the flappy bird and then tap furiously on the screen to extend the range of the shot. That used to be a problem for me on a polycarbonate macbook, it has been decent on a quad core i7 and 16GB of ram. If you have specific scenarios that are slow they will be happy to look at them. Jetbrains has always been responsive to the bugs I file, it is making me a little teary eyed. I haven't used it in _years_ but this used to be the best and only refactoring editor for C/Java/C++, http://www.xref.sk/xrefactory/main.html not sure if it is even supported or installable. It ran as a plugin in emacs. Even in 2003-4 it was able to index the entire Linux kernel in a handful of minutes. I am the lopposite? of you. I program in multiple languages and _like_ having multiple IDEs so that it doesn't turn into the cockpit of a 747. Once I switch contexts, I relax and stay for awhile. Containerization will make this entire kerfuffle pointless. Running single image big machines with lots of services is a 90s and early 2000s architecture aesthetic that will fade into the background as individual services migrate to a PaaS model for enhanced modularity and mobility. I haven't looked deeply into systemd, but from how the conversation around it is going, it would seem to be solving complexity with more complexity. I'd like to see a mashup of CoreOS plus NixOS integrated with a cluster container management system. That frankly sucks man. I view my computer as an extension of myself and not something my employer dictates. I have put SSDs, memory and extra monitors in all employer supplied equipment (and removed them when I left). If that isn't possible, I just use my own laptop / machines. As a scientist, your condition probably won't change on its own, you will always be 4 years behind, which is on the painful end of the curve for using current generation software. If you can't upgrade your machines, then yes, downgrade your software so it runs at a reasonable speed. There has been a trend, and this is an extreme example, of people using DOS software like wordperfect and turbo c++ in an emulator on modern hardware to get blazingly fast full keyboard navigated apps.