From the "What you can do" section at the bottom: 3. Purchase a unit and/or encourage others who are able, to do so. Sounds like a scam. Any real breakthrough would be pushing to get major funders on board via trails, demos, etc, and not appealing to a blog reader to buy a unit. The author doesn't really expound why 1password wouldn't work. It's available for Mac/Win and integrates nicely with FF, IE(Win), Chrome and Safari(Mac). That software is indispensable to me, as I often login to numerous dev and test instances of webapps in addition to my shopping and forum sites... I can now have long, secure passwords/phrases that are autogenerated. In addition, with dropbox, I have 1password distributed on all my devices. I avoid the Google problem he mentioned by using separate browsers (ie, FF for work, Safari/Chrome for personal) or separate computers/devices (I only really use Facebook on my mobile). If multiple instances of a particular browser is desired, something like http://fluidapp.com/ or Mozilla Prism could be used to segregate the profiles. In short, the author ignores existing products and is re-inventing the process. Agreed. Any time I can ditch the password, I do. Certs are a pain in the ass to setup, though. SSH without passwords is pure freedom. IIRC, isn't this the case with Google as well (with the triumvirate holding 1/3 each of the voting shares)... the public shares aren't voting shares at all. Look, you don't mention Chrome as your one and only browser, and yes, 1password for Chrome isn't as integrated as for Safari/FF, but you can still use the "CMD-\" to login quite well... what specific issues are you running into? I've simplified your 5-step process to: 1) Click logout on site 2) CMD-backslash 3) If I have only one account, no step 3, otherwise, choose the account for the site I want to use from a dropdown navigable by arrows 4) Browser back button (or keyboard equivalent) to go back one page. Honestly, I agree that the whole issue of managing several accounts on a given service is quite weak anywhere you go... the fact that website/services think you should be limited to one account goes well back before the web (credit cards nubmers per servicer, home phone lines, physical addresses)... in all of these categories it's very easy to assume a given user will only have one account (and it's true for 95% of the populace). Given the virtual nature of the web, it's sad that web services fall into this trap as well (e.g. trying to run several power e-trade pro sessions for different accounts on the same box is an exercise in frustration). You still haven't commented on usage of SSBs like Mozilla Prism for separate site/account combos (apparently, Prism is the only SSB that separates the cookie cache). Hmm... so you can publicly share your mp3s and videos? Haven't we heard of this before (mp3.com)... I wonder how they'll deal with "infringement" cases from the media cartel? As a current dropbox user, I'm a bit concerned about this functionality (since by default public means public but unlisted, it can still be shared). Hope these guys did a bit of homework here. I really like the dessert "structures" - highly informative in a "Good Eats" kind of way. Either they don't get it, or their external message is all you're hearing. If they're not worried about Facebook, they're silly. If Facebook reinvents search (ie, search+trust-web = social search), Google just became Yahoo. Investors have a herd mentality. The whole premise of the article is flawed. Middle-class folks want jobs that can't easily be outsourced so they can build careers and lives from it. Not everyone is cut out to be an entrepreneur, and selling more SUVs and mining more coal isn't going to be enough for the 21st century. > When I can't get something right, I keep on trying. Maybe not always a good idea. I'd say it's a good idea, as long as it's core to what you're doing... if in the case of Dropbox, it was an ancillary feature, it's good to cut your losses. If it's part of your core business model - get it right. So the real reason it failed is because it was a purely technical solution and didn't have a canonical usability example? Or maybe that big sites like Facebook decided it would remove the monetization opportunities by creating their own universal login? Very nice tool. It's a good meme/idea generator as well. Suggestion: make a "random" mode (ie, random participle and location for each of the 5 suggestions) and default it. My take on the .com vs. not: do both (ie, shoely.com and shoe.ly)... not like it's a significant cost. The .com is essential because some browsers still auto-default that extension. No one is saying he isn't smart. Trust comes from two things fundamentally: capacity and compassion. If someone is smart but they've made a deal with folks who are trying to rob you, they are not trustworthy. Jon just proved that the only thing that matters to (admittedly bright) Cramer is Cramer. Viewers should have kicked his ass out by ignoring his show. What about I don't want to pay for 3G, and don't want it? Xoom is not an option... I already pay for a mobile data account (with tethering)... why pay for another account? Furthermore, iPad 3G requires no contract. No, there is no real iPad competitor yet. Disagree. It's the whole point of the page, so it isn't excessively redundant if you say it more than one way... I'd just put a single column that's a different color (ie, green) for the best day, maybe with an embedded checkmark or some other indicator for the color blind. Google "comparison chart" and see how multiple" rel="nofollow">http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://printgreener.com/... facets can inform a viewer in a simple way. Wow. This is nice and great timing for Valentine's day. The concept is very well done. Agree with RBr, trust is absolutely required. Why do you need friend list data for the FB login? Are you sure you don't have facebook blocker? I had to turn off that Safari extension in order for this site to work. One of the major challenges I see is that casual users won't be rewarded if there's no love coming back. How do you keep the edge-users (who may not any replies) engaged and feeling... adored? The "reverse search" use case is basically a categorical analyzer similar to how some fraud-detection mechanisms work at credit agencies. There's probably a killer app somewhere that could use this feature. The iPhone makes complete sense. The standard 2-year phone contract keeps the (non-fanatic) customers happier... their 2 year contract would only mean skipping one product release without paying the $200 premium. The iPad... might see faster than 1-year cycles because there is no contract, per-se (of course the competitors keep screwing that part up, so maybe not). HP should court Amazon to run a WebOS app-store. Roku revolution sounds better (they were the first fastest innovator in this space). I seriously wonder what Comcast is preparing to do to my 2xroku/appletv household. The merge with NBC doesn't portend well for cable internet rates. WebTV died years ago. I don't think many people really want a modern website on their TV. I wouldn't mind twitter/RSS updates in a side area or Growl box (like a chat box in a FPS), but the web doesn't fare well on the lower-resolution TV; similarly as with mobile devices, websites would have to be redesigned for TV usage. Until the US government spent 10 years pursuing action (back when corporations didn't completely control the govt). 10 years is a eon in internet time. Not to mention, when push comes to shove, a guy can urinate pretty much anywhere. I remember back in my college days when I'd go to the bar restroom and the stalls were being used, the urinal was in use, a guy was peeing in the trash can and another dude was using the sink... I'm pretty sure Microsoft doesn't trust your HTC's anyway because those companies make so much more with Android than WP7. Also, I'm guess Nokia is aiming for the US market only (for now) with WP7. Single market, single OS, hopefully a single model. It just might work. Sadly, were he rewarded with a continuing money stream, he would likely justify the innocent names as "collateral damage" as the money would have been a mark of success. Aaron Barr fancies himself a modern-day witch-hunter, and it's good he was hoisted on his own petard. I don't think 2-factor auth as proposed by Google is designed to prevent man-in-the-middle attacks: http://www.phonefactor.com/man-in-the-middle-attacks In order to prevent MITM, Google would need to have out-of-band verification (not just two tokens processed on the same band). The benefit of Google's method is that a password can't be cached for later use, which reduces the window in which an account can be compromised. He's right, of course, just like Ballmer in 1999 when he caused the stock market to drop 5% by saying something similar... It would have helped to see the mobile icon in context (ie, on an iPhone homepage or dock/shelf)... hard to see the faults with the brightness without seeing the "pudding". Find a way to infect her friend with this info/site. They'll be more likely to influence her than you. So this is not a database, per-se, but a document base? If I have to wrap every data element in a file, doesn't that add overhead? Honestly, what's the benefit to me of this over say, SVN+HTTPS with 10 minutes of config? You're thinking about it the wrong way... bartonfink's issue was that for this issue his input had a conflict of interest. You remove that by getting a separate person to lead the input... which you can reference later on. This is not so different from the standard sales approach of gaining the confidence of an SME on the client side who advises the decision maker. >Of course, over time I suspect console makers will move more and more towards digital distribution for all games, but that won't happen overnight or even any time soon. This is why Gamestop should be finding support (ie, EFF, ACLU, legislators) to safeguard First Sale doctrine for digital purchases: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-sale_doctrine I don't know if they will be successful in their endeavors but if Apple follows through, there will be a backlash. Take Netflix, for example. Does it make sense to provide in-app subscriptions for 30% discounted distributor rate ($8 * 70% = $5.60) when that same account can be used for Roku, etc? No. What will happen is that all these service providers will make an Apple subscription (which has separate features) that won't work with other devices. Balkanization of content channels... this is not consumer friendly. So no more iPod Touch competitor? Perhaps it'll exist, but not be called the Zune HD (and run WP7 Apps). In fact, that would be quite cool (esp. if Nokia is in on this operation). Agree completely about the need for pseudonyms online... If I'm asked for a real name, I'll format a handle that sounds "real" (ie, first last). The Idiocracy hunting down quotes and pictures out of context are part of what necessitates the anonymity. Via which retail store? They need someone to actually sell the product, and Google has no experience with end-customer product sales. That's because doctors and lawyers impact individual lives directly, and often profoundly. Explain how any developer has done this recently. We're hardwired to respect individual stories, not tales of aggregate success (affecting millions of lives in a small positive way)... which is why it's only when those small effects are made tangible by specific personal stories does it sink in. This is why politicians talk about how the impacted the life of some small child or working mother, etc etc.. > Logo: Lisp's adorable 7-year-old niece who likes to play with her toy turtle. On casual conversation, she proves to be disturbingly worldly and well-informed. You resolve not to let your kids play around Lisp's house. Thinking about using Logo in any serious way makes you feel a bit dirty. That was hilarious and disturbing at the same time. You shouldn't wait... who knows when this recession is going to end. Hasn't caught on because it isn't simple. I hardly think dealing with registrars is an activity people relish. Startup Idea? $10B valuation? This is unreal. On what is this valuation based other than "comps"? How did valuation against comparables work to match reality for the real estate bubble? Perhaps this time, it's warranted. Apple's new policy raising the price of all media on all networks? It's possible because Apple is the biggest (by far) tech company in the world. Though if they're looking at Apple, maybe they should look at Amazon also - the do similar things with their suppliers. Ok, lets get serious here. $10B valuation / $250M revenue/year = 40x multiplier. Do people really think that Zynga is going to continue to deliver for years and years to come? So Zynga have $1B revenue/yr by your metric? I somehow doubt they're that high... so hence the more unrealistic multiple based on other unreal valuations (ie, comps). It even pulls up Flash in Safari5 (w/ clicktoflash plugin). Awesome. Static site=low/no vulnerabilities This platform-markup (30%) will affect other players because in order to show any of your content on iOS, you must not just mark up your price, but Apple demands price matching with other markets... that's the uncompetetive part, as that will just raise prices for everyone, unless all those subscription services and content providers ditch iOS en-masse (unlikely). If Apple were to relinquish their price-match requirement (unlikely) or allow apps that had no external store references (more likely), they would not cause such an upheaval in pricing. > Can one have buyers regret from something that is free? Sure, if you feel you were misled, and now you have to spend time to ditch the account before they bill you. Remember what Tyler Durden says: "the things you own ... end up owning you". Google should tune into WIIFM: http://larryborsato.com/blog/2010/01/wiifm/ ...what exactly is the end customer going to do with this? If the end customer is developers, then yes, it's interesting and google should promote it heavily at something like GoogleIO or other dev venue. If it's for customers, it's going to need a killer app. (edited to remove anchor tag) Good point. Those are notable armaments. Microsoft is becoming less and less of a gatekeeper with the rise of Firefox, Chrome, and Safari. In 2-3 years when the next "version" of HTML gains the public eye, they will not have a stranglehold on the web. I'd be more worried about Apple or Google than MS (as silly as it may sound now). I've found that trick to be inconsistent, as some sites I register with do not accept the + character. Just wanted to say some of the best folks in my college CS group were military folks who were a bit older (2-4 years) who knew the value of the education. That said, it is a huge stigma to not finish your degree... you better have a job or strong vision. For every Steve Jobs there are probably hundreds who would have done better by completing their studies. Looking at the reviews for the signature app (Chili Chef), I'm not entirely impressed, unless you're creating the app version of a brochure: http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/the-chili-chef/id403523952?mt... Specifically, no way to print, and requires internet each time you view the content. If you want the best of both worlds, go to a nearby filtered water store and refill your 3 or 5 gallon jug(s) with municipal water that's been through a 10-stage filter (or distilled, but I prefer filtered). Where I live (SFbay) it costs about 5 dollars (and a schlep down to the refill location) per month (~20 gallons) for a family of 3... and no wasted plastic or barrels of oil transporting the goods. Best part is it tastes better than bottled or tap water, significantly. Not to mention, JavaScript unlike many other server-side languages, supports closures. It's quite an advanced language, once you get used to it's (many) peccadilloes. My take exactly... I'm up for renewal this month, but if I've waited 3+ years, I can wait a few more months for iPhone5. If Apple were going the staggered release concept, they would have been wise to let the public know (so they don't wait a few months for a phone that doesn't appear, then decide to get an Android instead). Well, when on VZ a few years back with my Treo I made it a policy not to buy any service bump or add-on as I felt VZ screwed anyone foolish enough to try... perhaps the VZ feature-phone switchers are still thinking likewise? Yes, supposedly AT&T really sucks. It's been the running joke for years that the iPhone (aka jesus phone) does everything except make calls. Example: http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/tue-january-11-2011/verizo... So this means there is a business opportunity for another social networking site that can both offer pseudonyms as well as deal with the problems you mention (which btw, are not exactly solved by Facebook's policy, though they are discouraged). I agree Facebook is unlikely to ever rescind their "real name" policy. Watching my TV shows while on the pot or in the shower has reduced my wasted time... productivity! (like listening to NPR/PBS in the car) Given that O'Reilly books are of technical nature, and you can't actually code on an iPad (unless you're using SSH/VPN), this is a perfect fit for the O'Reilly... you'll need a computer anyway. Furthermore, I'm never on vacation and think, Oh, I'd love t read up on RoR... I usually already have the book. Both are valid approaches. One requires vision, the other requires connections. Realizing either of them requires lots of hard work. I think the "wasted time" the author refers to is, in fact, time needed to get ready. Some folks won't need as much of it (or any at all), others will need more. In the end, finding that "fear of not starting" is incredibly important, but I posit that could only be found by the author after his "walk in the wilderness". Not clear if this is a domain specific language that would generate SQL, but when I was working for the big enterprise players they always had a way to abstract SQL running against several DB engines... (one of 'em called it meta-sql). There was a significant effort to push this, and it was only successful because it was embedded into the dev environment of the enterprise software. Great idea, but the many different versions of SQL syntax will be a pain to properly implement. I'd suggest staying with a single DB engine, then branching to others. I've been told by a friend who happens to work for MS that they've had this stuff working for years, but it's just been more lucrative for them to not include it (another clue that they have an entrenched monopoly in Office software). Just like Google ChromeFrame and IE9, I hope this pushes the Office folks to release something better so the Google "barnacles" don't destroy their platform. Something lighter than 238kb. I remember when jquery first came out, and ExtJS was around that size (actually a bit larger) and one of the big popularity factors of jQuery was a much smaller library size. Also some places like Apple have their own internal js frameworks and want folks who know and can code bare-metal js. re-targeting probably works better in the scenario where you have an impending date for purchase (Valentine's Day gift/card)... so knowing holidays and the SO's bday, wedding date, etc, would be extremely powerful for re-targeting. Interactive Advertising? The problem is, people generally don't want ads, so you're looking at a largely negative feedback base. How do you sort the signal from the noise? > The older government officials are notorious for taking private sector positions in the very industries they previously regulated. This happens so frequently there is actually a Japanese phrase to describe it (again I can't remember for the life of me what this phrase is). In America this happens, but isn't nearly as blatant or widespread. It Japan it is a near guarantee. This totally happens here, and there is a term for it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolving_door_(politics) (Revolving Door) Almost everything you said about older people in Japan can be said about the USA as well. Sure, in that if GNU tools didn't exist, some software would not exist, and others would be prohibitively expensive. GNU has impacted users lives. Does that apply to all SSDs? From what I gather TRIM is just a spec for formalized OS-level garbage collection hooks. Some disks (like Apple-installed Samsungs) do GC at the disk-level. My Sandforce (Vertex 2) has disk-level GC (as well as TRIM), and sometimes will block for a long period on writes now on OSX... I haven't tried it on a different OS yet. TRIM is an instruction set for OS-level disk garbage collection. Sandforce and Samsung SSD chipsets have native GC built-in. All that TRIM would do is improve write performance (so it doesn't block at random for GC) and allow for non-OEM SSDs. Except maybe the whole retina display support? http://www.macrumors.com/2011/02/24/mac-os-x-lion-building-i... Alternatively maybe Apple's ability to hide new features is getting bettr? Considering that's a large salary in many first-world western-european countries, it's probably only a follow-on consideration (ie, GP-comment's hypothetical striking it rich in Singapore). Furthermore, at that point, you will most likely be able to shelter your income anyway by putting it into a corporation, and you shouldn't be worried about striking it rich abroad. There is still no reasonable competitor to SQL. It's an entrenched standard, that NoSQL doesn't completely replace. Luckily, it's an open standard (like email) and adding in support for an open, strongly-desired, useful stamdard as a feature should be applauded. Lack of pseudonyms is going to be a real stumbling block for this. When I'm conversing with a real person (ie, on Facebook, Twitter or IM) then I'm ok using my real name because there are privacy controls. When I'm discussing things on HN or TechCrunch, I don't want my opinions being misconstrued out of context... given this society's litigious nature, I think FB comments are not going to take over Disqus/IntenseDebate's market, though they might carve out a nice niche. If FB comments catch on, Facebook better expect a wave of non-real personas. It's not hard to make/maintain a fake persona. Most of my personal details on FB are not only hidden, but false. Perhaps this is the strategy to boost their numbers? (Ill advised, I think, but whatever) On a newer computer (ie MBP 2010), Chrome and Firefox are pretty evenly matched in terms of usable speed in my experience. However, on older machines (ie, my parent's 7 yo laptop), Chrome makes an otherwise unusable machine into a halfway decent browsing experience. I'm not sure how this impacts future marketshare, but it probably explains why me and my wife both equally use Safari/FF, but my parents use Chrome (and only on the older machines). There's also facebookblocker and Defacer for Safari: http://extensions.apple.com/#social-networking > When you think about it from the perspective of big sites like TechCrunch, requiring that people use their true Facebook identity would virtually eliminate nasty comments overnight. Quite possibly by decimating the comment boards. The chilling effect of potentially having your FB history being subpoenaed is quite strong. Does this go along with AOL's new business model? This is actually pretty useful to a small but loyal group: runners. I know folks who run marathons and such, they are fanatical about the right fit and buy 3+ pairs when they find a good fit, because of rapid shoe model obsolescence/changes. Perhaps with this small but profitable niche they can expand their technology into the mainstream for the likes of you and me. I'm definitely going to suggest this site to my runner-friends and see what they think. I imagine the problem is that shoes are real things with 3 dimensions, and feet change shape when they're compressed... neither of which are addressed by a printout (sure a printout is better than nothing, but if it's not predictive enough it's not worth the trouble). If a device could model what kind of shoe you should wear based on an interactive iPad foot print, that would be amazing tech. Wonder if they'll keep the 4+ finger multitouch gestures. I've kind of gotten used to them on my 4.3 beta. Latest rumor was 512MB: http://ipadgeartalk.com/ipad/ipad-2-have-fastest-processor-a... Tech Specs don't show SOC memory. Guess we'll have to wait till March 11th or later for iFixit to do a teardown. I'm making a guess that FSF (and EFF) would probably have preferred the most influential person to win, namely Julian Assange. It's clear to me you don't understand the market then. Being the thinnest is a clear differentiator. Having aesthetic style means a LOT to a lot of people (ie, customers). Furthermore, Apple did increase the processor size, memory, and probably battery (considering it has same 10hr life) and also decreased the total volume of the enclosure. Finally, if you've ever used an iPad at length you'd realize it doesn't need cooling 99.9% of the time. It just doesn't get warm... this is a huge differentiator from the netbooks it's often compared to. Now I'm interested in what you're developing. I'm getting $300 for same. > I think they know that a lot of people will buy something based on specs alone. Really? I don't know anyone besides geeks and neo-philiacs (ie, folks like me) that behave that way. Most folks (ie, the mass-market) treat tech like they'd treat appliances or cars or other stuff they don't fully understand. They ask folks who do know, visit review sites, and play with what's on the showroom floors. When there is a large contingent of these that infer that the iPad is the best, the mass market buys it (as sales numbers show). This would seemingly be akin to Apple releasing iMovie for Windows/Linux... unless they happen to sell content/services with it or use it as a base for their devices (ie, iTunes), I don't see how this move will do anything but dilute their platform. > Having to plug crap in and out is not a very good experience though. I was thinking the same way you were until a year ago when I spoke to a colleague who has a Droid that got an OTA upgrade to Froyo (2.2)... what a clusterf*ck... he lost battery during the event, it torched his device, and he couldn't even re-flash the firmware, he had to take it into the Verizon store, where they simply replaced it. All the settings and hacks he put it? Wiped. (Backup is optional in Android... my colleague hadn't done it). This made me understand why Apple is so old-school when it comes to iPod/iPad sync and upgrades. It's not just the wireless bandwidth, it's about avoiding disastrous edge-cases that ruin customer experience. A wired sync or upgrade can guarantee backups, power availability and reasonable bandwidth. I just find this CSS to be not evil enough, but don't have the time to make it more malicious. Something more along the lines of upside-down-ternet would be better... make it available but laughably unusable for your target sites/audience. I doubt you'll get the same type of community as here. Researchers and startup-minded technologists are two different types of geeks. What I've found in my discussions with researchers is the ability for the discussion to get very deep, but a sense of politics pervades the conversation. Will it be focused around something like YC? How would you envision some of the "Show HN" type posts? Every time family comes over, we play multipong, wurdle (yes, works great for groups) and battleheart (again, 1p but works well with multiple fingers). This is a very interesting untapped market, but how to make a breakout hit in this market is still not clear to me. I used to work for a boss who had Lyme disease (I didn't know until he told me). He was amazed at how much traffic he got to his free page that he had just setup to discuss and cope with the condition. Misinformation is a problem but the rarity of the disease would likely increase the people-bond and make a tight-knit group. The size would, in effect, prevent spam/scam/disinformation issue in other larger groups as it would be too difficult to be worth the effort (unless your name is Tyler Durden, I suppose). Hear, hear. Since forever, I've used my ~ folder as pretty much my whole document base, and use search tools to sift through the contents. I add simply ontology when specific tools require their own unpolluted namespace (ie, pine/mail) or need to be installed for multiple users (local box binaries). iOS devices (as an example) just take this to the next level. In fact, I don't even use the main screen for launching many apps, I just type in the search screen to get it. If I could speak it in a seamless way, I'd do that instead. Which is why the OS (Win7, iOS, OSX at least) reminds you to back up the system and makes it easy to do so (ie, attach drive with sufficient space, go). iOS requires iTunes on a PC/Mac to back up, but this is likely a business decision to make more $$, and could easily be replaced by a clouded or local backup appliance. In this mechanism you have to willingly ignore the backup requests... it's like the seatbelt beep in modern cars - at that point, it's 99% PEBKAC if no backup exists. I've never even heard of Pocket Legends before, much less the developer. Even a partial transcript would be better to elucidate folks with the video content/tone. I am in the same boat as tobtoh. I usually never watch videos but will read (or reject) a 15 page article quickly. As cool as naming your site after a class of software bug, I think Stack Exchange is more descriptive of the whole initiative, and it rolls off the tongue more easily. Good move, and keep up the good content (now that Google has woken back up and is indexing them properly!) Seems like this correlates well with the red/blue spectrum of voting preferences. I'd be nice to see those two data sets visualized together. A friend wanted to buy and setup a smartphone (ie, iPhone4) as a failover internet for their house using tethering. I recommended the iPad2 3G since you can create a hotspot (myWi) and not pay the monthly until/unless you need the service. If your house has signal, it can be a nice backup. Demonstrate, don't declare. I also went hunting for a "try it" button or some clear way to see the flow quickly and clearly. Also the UI and page are very dark... I understand that black is sexy, but it's a bit too stark IMHO... lighten it up. It's in Twitter's every right to do exactly what was done here. However, it does make a twitter @name a whole lot less certain though. It would be in Twitter's best interest to have a policy for disputes so there is no uncertainty. Given the pressure to the WinTel dominance by ARM, Apple, Google and the web in general, it's clear that it's fish-or-cut-bait time at Microsoft. Zune is being cut as it was never profitable and executed poorly. I imagine MS is looking at a whole lot of other departments that aren't pulling their weight. This is yet another sign of the end of the PC(1) era. 1: PC's aren't going away, but it is no longer king. > For example: you're limiting this service to romantic thoughtfulness, completely ignoring being thoughtful to people with whom your intended users might have a non-romantic relationship. I disagree completely. Being too scattershot is much worse than limiting your market. Clear focused shipping tool is much better than a disorganized mess. Besides, there's time to expand/pivot as well if the inital idea is a success. Can someone explain to me how netflix is in a good position when all major broadband providers are looking at throttling and/or caps? When all the major ISPs are also selling their own video content, how can Netflix continue to compete? Go Credit Unions. My credit union refunds ATM fees charged by other banks, and through their CU network, all CU ATMs are free, and I can even walk into networked CU and do some operations as if I were at the local branch. Don't support the criminal banksters who aren't beholden to their depositors. This OO complexity becomes more pronounced once you start talking about serious persistence, which today, likely means SQL. Has the object/relational problem been solved? Last I checked, it's still a confusing and complicated inelegant hack-job to reconcile inheritance/polymorphism vs. relational storage schemes. TL;DR - Work for your customers, avoid the boss/investor. Which is the whole point of the meme... destroy nuclear's credibility with FUD comparisons. Both anti-nuke environmentalist groups and fossil fuel mega-corps can get cozy with this campaign. At least you know you'll have 2 supported iOS major updates for each iOS device you buy (ie, I completely see iOS5 doing away with 3GS/iPod Touch '09 support) which install relatively seamlessly. It was more than just security-by-obscurity; these guys refused to use an existing package that would solve their issues... the "mujahaddin secrets" package (ostensibly jihadist in origin) that did implement AES cyphers. Guess what, if you're so purist you can't trust experts in your own field because they use "contaminated knowledge", then you better be a true genius, or you're not going to be very effective. The article ignores an even bigger problem with bad server password encryption (ie, not salted) - rainbow tables. No expensive compute time required; cracker can easily decrypt most passwords without even blinking an eye (the tradeoff is storage space vs. compute time). http://ophcrack.sourceforge.net/tables.php HBGary was cracked using rainbow tables... which then led to the rootkit.com social engineering crack. 1Password and it's like can move us closer to eventually just doing PKI since once the passwords become unrecognizable they are quite effective. btw, I love and promote 1Password and KeepassX (1pwd has better usability and security since it's autofill will stop phished logins by matching the domain exactly not visually... KeepassX's autofill is experimental right now). Some disadvantages to vouchers: With additional choice, now schools will be forced to spend your tax dollars to market themselves... this is an additional overhead to the already underfunded system. Plus what happens when a local school "goes under"? If some folks are forced to drive their kids for 30-40m to another school because no local schools can be funded, is that in their best interests? My wife won't eat carrots because they make her allergic (cooked ones are fine)... she only gets these reactions since moving here to the US from France. Since this is a duopoly from the same region (Central CA), perhaps the dropoff in the past few years is due to the carrot quality? Her article/resume is her "show" not "tell". The medium is the message... that's UX. If I were a municipality/county, I'd keep a not-so-skunkworks broadband project on the back burner at all times and start pumping out the PR when it comes to negotiating with Comcast. I wonder how many places would already have municipal broadband if Comcast didn't make a sweet deal? Conversely, how many areas don't have municipal broadband because they feel like Comcast would have them over a barrel for cable TV? Well, not exactly sure, but for apples (also triggers her allergies) organic doesn't help. All of these she had no reactions when she lived in France. Guess we should try the organic carrots some time. Sounds like a test/security nightmare, too. What happens when a BB game plays fine until the (very popular) Android tool in the background messes it all up? If Honeycomb doesn't cut it, my bet would be on HPalm. RIM's decision to jump on the Android train reeks of desperation, they just want to have app count, not quality experience or functionality. At least "ginger" had a well-defined and well-understood purpose and leveraged some of Kamen's groundbreaking gyro/wheel knowhow. Perhaps willingness to own up to your failures is actually good PR? Modern mainstream news-media is info-terrorism. Repeatedly showing videos of the 9/11 attack or the tsunami as it wipes out homes over and over again every hour is not enlightening nor does it spew anything but fear. Considering John Resig is the creator of jQuery, which is open source, yes, he's probably more interested in someone who's familiar with the OSS development model, tools and methodology and can prove it. His criteria don't (and shouldn't) apply to every SW hire, even though it's clear his message is "demonstrate > declare". chatroulette in text. How is this any more interesting than browsing all twitter feeds simultaneously? That's not the point. I shouldn't have to root the phone in order to get bugfixes. So it's all about taste. I trust Apple's taste, and Google's as well. I'll add Palm (HP) to this list. Verizon? AT&T? You'd have to force me. No backups? 300GB doesn't sound like much. I just processed and shuttled 2.3TB today (sneakernet backup). Is this another reason to laud Apple for not shipping Flash on their Macs (or iOS devices for that matter)? Having a fully scriptable, ubiquitous environment like Flash installed systemwide just increases your attack vectors. I'm not blaming Adobe here as much as recognizing that 0-day vulnerabilities will always exist. Microsoft office aside (if you need to use, it's going to be installed), perhaps there will now be pressure to remove and ban Flash from work environments. Would it be illegal for Apple to ban the practice of cross-selling? (ie, take down apps and devs where it's clear that this is happening) I think this would solve most of the problems. It's clear this is a burgeoning market, and it's smacks of blackhat-SEO tactics (artificial rank improvement by deceit). graphics can be watermarked or provided low-res for review. And portability. And being reliable/known. Which is why militaries require large amounts of fossil fuels for now. I remember when I was in the Army that our 5-ton dump trucks had lots of onboard stuff running off pressurized air, presumably making the vehicle more durable to electrical failures Combine with local stored fossil fuels, and basic mobility/counter-mobility, and you have a harder-to-cripple ground force. All this article says to me is that the efficiency claims are not realistic (what's new in marketing?) and that Wind can't be use for baseload power due to it's variability. The second point is not new knowledge, so any article trumpeting these claims in red and bold is sensationalist and suspect. Idealism aside, do you have real-life examples of such "emergent standards" that are pertinent to this discussion? SSN (and possibly home address) are not just primary keys, but super-keys in that they are primary keys across systems and datasets (in general). They may not be immutable as a primary key suggests, but are very hard/costly to change, so the difference is moot. Another reason to not give out your superkeys to anyone who doesn't need it. Finally, though in general I'm in favor of privacy, with the complete lack of corporate accountability, I support the intention behind Anonymous's actions. What if? I'm sure this is already being done, and probably sponsored by governments/corporations. Just because we get visibility into this sort of attack doesn't make it any easier or legal to do. Agreed, I'd refine it further: "simply a whole lot more people today with easy access to knowledge ". More people + more knowledge + easier access means specialization is not only encouraged, in many cases it's possible to make a living being specialized where it wasn't before. Your accountant sounds great. Now how would I have known about him? SaneTax aims to be this marketplace between tax preparers and accountants. It's a good model. Now, the question that I have is, how are the accountants verified and how do I know I (as a preparer) am dealing with someone I can trust? You might want to pitch some distilled form of this summary on your page. It's also the first question that popped into my head when I looked at your site (which otherwise, is pretty good). I can see why tax professionals could be threatened/worried by this. Effectively someone like myself living in a state with a high Cost of living can outsource to someone in say, IL (who may have CA tax knowledge but now lives elswhere) who would charge much less than the CA-based local accountant. It's also a killer business plan for the marketplace vendor (ie, SaneTax). Who would have known that Amazon could have become such a giant by selling books online ? I'd recommend looking at how ServiceMagic does it. They choose and list 3 professionals (which are chosen by area, which adds an artificial funnel to a natural one). If I want more, I can request more, but often 3 is just right to compare prices/rates and professional knowledge/fit. I would strongly recommend this approach if you aren't already doing it (have yet to sign up). Nice try, but it doesn't get to my point. How are these "emergent standards"? Are you arguing that the trademarks are standards? They are completely owned by the company and follow no rule other than arbitrary decisions by one entity (Nintendo could sell Mario toilet paper tomorrow and it would be a Mario(r) product). Yet like Google, Baidu has been unable to execute a successful social network or microblog to-date. Hello Facebook, welcome to China. Considering this from the article: "Facebook is really on the eve of entering China, the contract has been signed, with some Chinese partner who will build the new site according to some model, but which will not completely connect to Facebook.com." I'd say, it's still not clear that Baidu/Facebook will be able to execute a workable social network (above board means monitored by government). Wow, I didn't know the alternate meaning of On a side note, I'm not (just) a customer of stackoverflow, I'm a contributor/participant. Do "standard customer relationship" rules still apply? A lot of this higher education bubble has to do with unnecessary costs of higher education, like, say textbooks: http://hubpages.com/hub/College-Text-Books-Rent-or-Buy What will disrupt higher education in entirety is a properly done asynchronous class-schedule structure that allows students to take the time they need to finish the course. Coupled with some or full location independence and mandatory collaboration, it could be drastically more economical. And I doubt this will change, as Rogue Amoeba adopting Apple's private key would be a huge DMCA violation. In fact, I don't see how this private key getting "outed" is going to hurt Apple at all in any countries where things like DMCA exist. So each point is worth between $.007 and $.01 (based on the gift card conversions). Assuming you make 50 searches per day, you'll make at most $.50 - is it really worth it for a half dollar a day? I know someone who did this same type of thing in Panama, except even the corporation can't be majority controlled by foreigners. So the Board of Directors of the proxy corporation is a bunch of locals who are paid to essentially quit at the behest of the foreign owner. This niche is currently filled by bitnami and others that provide a native binary, VMware or AMI file. When I want to roll out a quick new trac/redmine/etc, this is one way I can get it demo-ready without a lot of hassle. However this requires someone to have "done the work" building the respective deployment patterns. Also sometimes the deployment isn't quite what I want (so I need to install Passenger for example). If I could do a single click, and start injecting data/config, that'd be more than awesome. Good for MS. I suppose Firefox, Safari (and especially) Chrome have convinced the sleeping giant to awaken. Windows on ARM was definitely faster than I had previously guessed. Windows vs. ChromeOS vs. WebOS vs. iOS on ARM for the future of tablet/internet appliances? Exciting times ahead. Keep in mind that there are many tax tricks you can play here too, like paying yourself dividends and writing off a lot of expenses (speak to an accountant before doing so). Also the overhead of running a corporation (including lawyer, accountant, payroll, and general insurance) is not much if you're making over $100/hr. It is certainly less than 26.7% (ie, $75 of every $175 minus 15.3%) worth. Most of these costs are fixed, not variable. Yes, the Verblen effect: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Veblen_good (in this case the CEO is the Verblen good, the company is the customer). It looks like all of the PornArk videos are from one other site? Are you hotlinking? It's not clear the interface is that much better (aside from the lower ad-count). Which is why, couching phrases in neutral terminology is always best: unproductive) Microsoft on the server sucks! productive) Microsoft software is expensive and nobody here is an MS-expert, migrating will cost considerable time and money without any real benefit. HN (and trac) handle the situation best: they don't invalidate the page data, so your post will still be there. You CTRL/CMD A+C then get back to your posting with a refreshed cookie/session. Many other forums basically wipe out your post, which is highly frustrating. Isn't this more of a "revert changes"? The most sad thing there is that "Start Over" is, by Fitt's Law, a "larger" button in the sense that it's occupying an edge. It's like a poorly designed roadway section that just happens to cause more accidents. Bad Engineering. There's a reason why bioshock is fantasy and not reality: This kind of research is hard, dangerous, and morally controversial... this takes a long time, and funding by a large organization. Meanwhile, you can have an immediate impact yourself by changing your habits. Which one is more accessible to the average person? I wonder if the licensing is open or hampered by fees like Firewire was. 10Gb bi-directional with 2 channels is nothing to sneeze at, and if this is even as common as firewire, it will be a godsend to many folks. Synching a fresh 160GB ipod using USB2 is extremely slow. link-bait. Seriously, slashdot was reporting about the OSX mindshare takeover of hackers back in 2001 and the TiBook. Ever since then, it's been a pretty engrained stereotype, and Apple's offerings have only gotten better. This is the same Gartner that concluded that WP7 would have better smartphone marketshare than iOS in 2015 (by dubious interpolation)? Their example of "America's Army" as gamification is a bit off; it's a virtualization and recruiting tool, and doesn't do much to say "earn your E4". I think the "gamification" operates best when soliciting commentary/feedback and community building. An example could be barackobama.com where you got points for making calls and referring your friends/family, i.e., things you would normally do on the site. This is one area where I've long admired Firefox... and it's benefitted them for mainstream market-share penetration. When they release something to even beta, it looks very interesting and exciting. Even Amazon allows a 30-minute cancellation on one-click orders. I've hardly used it, but it does exist, and it's kind of scammy for LivingSocial to not have this kind of feature, even if it's limited to 15 minutes or less. I'm assuming this due to modern fantasy borrowing the term from sci-fi (ie, "teleport" as a way to magically whisk someone/thing from one location to another instantaneously)... which popular culture has adopted wholesale. > is being chastised already for hiring people and investing in the company What else do you expect of front-running, HFT, bailout-soaking wall street? They no longer respect sustainable growth and want overnight riches. > Android devices commonly solve this by using an SD card that can be transferred to and from devices. My Nexus One has this hidden behind the battery, so practically speaking I'm not going to be without it. How is this any different than plugging in a USB cord to sync? What are you shuttling the SD card between anyway (a PC I assume)? Physical media is not a good answer to "cutting the cord". I didn't think much of the issue either, but you have a good point... if you're doing an OTA upgrade you're very likely without power. A coworker's android phone (Droid 1) died during an OTA upgrade due to lack of battery. This bricked the phone (he had to get a replacement)... combine with the fact that his phone wasn't backed up, and he was a very upset guy for a week or so as he redid all his settings and hacks. > It's device independent. You can wipe the device or switch to a new one without waiting for a full sync of your potentially large media library. I think you're confusing device agnostic with device independent. If you still require a device to sync the content with, it's not "independent". Don't forget OS upgrades. Pre-iPhone this was limited to the hackers of the world, now it takes a hacker to delay an OS upgrade. The marketing/software side of things is handled entirely by Apple. Quite a substantial shift. Forget Pippin, remember what happened to "Through the Looking Glass"? A game which was scheduled to be included on every Mac that got shelved because they didn't want the Mac to be seen as a gaming company: http://www.folklore.org/StoryView.py?story=Alice.txt I bought one in the late 80s as an impulse buy for $5, was quite amazing for it's time. AppleTV hasn't replaced CableTV for me, but it sure has replaced on-demand-movies. Netflix streaming is great, but it usually doesn't have the best and latest movies. We've used the AppleTV rentals several times in the past few months where we might have instead watched Cable on-demand. The Wave2 looks very unlike an iPhone. I would never mistake the two. However, the Samsung i9000S (Galaxy S) looks very much like the iPhone (3GS) and on casual observation may be mistaken for one another. It takes a lot to get trade-dress lawsuits won, so I expect this will only put pressure on Samsung to do what Apple wants, and is not intended to actually win. (which, btw, shows how broken the legal system is, since cases are more used to bully smaller players than to win on merits) Anyone here notice that this suit basically comes right around the time that a credible iPod Touch competitor arrives? Maybe there's another "line in the sand" that Apple had set for the Google/Android that just got stepped over? If your Mac is powerful enough, why not just run a VM? With the great For the past 5 years, I have yet to have a web-app dev environment meaty enough to require more than a small VM (Oracle CRM can be nightmarishly huge) which ran fine on my macbook. With git/svn scripts, it's easy to build and unit-test on your local VM, then push to your stage/prod-test box. It's only confusing if you think this lawsuit is meant to be won on merits and not to primarily annoy a competitor into not competing. It's placing pressure on Samsung to "toe the line" and "deliver our components, not your own products". They should have done this months ago. A large portion the top-rated apps in Games category have completely perfunctory reviews that are content-free with 100% positive (because no who doesn't get paid installs/reviews the app). Compare and contrast with unique high-rated games like "Battleheart" or "Sword & Poker", where the reviews reveal a lot about the game mechanics. When the App Store ratings become meaningless, I'm forced to use outside channels to "filter" my searches, and that puts Apple's power into someone else's hands (not to mention annoy users). This is the most interesting reply I've seen so far. How would one grade this effectively though? > Seemed like there was some circular or backwards reasoning, like that Apple's potential future growth makes its past growth likely to continue, or that Apple's cash increases the stock's value even if you ignore its cash. Apple's cash position projects power. This is what fundie investors who subtract cash aren't factoring in. The ability to make strategic buying purchases which constrain supply for competitors is not easily calculated. Here is their latest (publicly known) deal with Samsung: http://online.wsj.com/article/BT-CO-20110213-704284.html Now think about the "ability to make such deals" with valuations 10x that... Can Dell, HTC or RIM do this? If not, then they are at a disadvantage, as Apple could massively out-bid them on volume with key suppliers. http://www.michigan.gov/ag/0,1607,7-164-17337_18160-51242--,... Relevant text: A government agency may charge a fee for the necessary copying of a public record for inspection or providing a copy of a public record to a requestor. A public body may also charge for search, examination and review and the separation of exempt information in those instances where failure to charge a fee would result in unreasonably high costs to the public body. The fee must be limited to actual duplication, mailing and labor costs. The first $20 of a fee must be waived for a person who is on welfare or presents facts showing inability to pay because of indigency. ( italics mine) Translation: The $500k "fee" is another denial/delay tactic > I wonder, would anyone take up the offer if it was given, to be in some sort of stasis that allowed you to awake for one year every hundred years? You mean like Brigadoon/Germelshausen? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germelshausen (in the original german tale, the time-travel is a curse) Even if I were into that idea, I guess I just don't have your faith in humanity or modern society even. My bet is that some x This of course, ignores the natural disasters, massive wars (we've had 2 in the past century), or other calamities that might completely destroy society/contracts as we know it... 100 years is a LONG time. My French father-in-law who racks up hundreds of kilo-airmiles a year refuses to fly Air France because of CDG (he prefers Lufthansa). > On the other hand, there is no chance that Samsung will shut down its phone division, whether or not Apple wins the lawsuit. Samsung may not shut down their phone operation but this suit could make them re-evaluate the cost-benefit of Android phones... others have mentioned that this is a proxy lawsuit against Google, I'd agree. Would that evidence be permissible in court? This is incorrect. Device encryption on 3GS and later devices are only for 1) Apps that implement Apple's device encryption API (ie, stashPro now has this) 2) If you have a strong password set and 3) Unless you have a device released with iOS4.x, you will need to wipe, then restore it with the flag turned on http://www.tipb.com/2011/03/18/daily-tip-enable-data-protect... From a statistical standpoint, it'd be interesting not to talk, as the article does, in terms of raw percentile, but based on region, normalized by the cost of living index. A couple making $250k in Medford, OR would probably be considered fairly well off, but in NY, NY that would not take you very far at all. What's news to me is that this is persisted forever on the device in an unencrypted format. There's a flaw in your analogy. In the first case, there is a more direct relationship to the monopsonist (ie, super-customer), but in the case of Facebook/Twitter, there is strength in numbers (your company relying on FB/Twitter is likely one of thousands). Relying on a platform is not new in business, and the standards and ethics are fairly understood... ask the eBay sellers in the 90s or folks who made parts for typewriters back in the 70s. I know this is all tongue-in-cheek, but seriously, isn't YC all about going outside your comfort zones? Pushing the edges? Who amongst us is born knowing they'd be successful at leading a startup? In that vein, I think Obama hit it out of the park... just, when he had his "liquidity event" he kinda stopped doing the things that made people vote for him. I'd say Apple news is interesting in that: a) it was a stereotypical tech startup, and Jobs is the consummate entrepreneur. Lots to learn from their history. b) they are the biggest tech company in the world c) they are still leading innovation in mobile, and that is an unavoidable market opportunity for tech/social startups and developers. This is more than just 2-factor auth, it's out-of-band auth, which means that a MITM can't compromise without having your 2nd factor. This is definitely awesome, but my remaining concern is, what happens if/when duosecurity.com is DOS'd or is otherwise down? I still maintain that Facebook is, by design, anti-social. Society is a balance between private and public activity (another HNer talked about warrens and commons). When that balance is ignored, then the result is antisocial whether it over-promotes privacy or publicity. Most people are not wanton socialites, but Facebook only caters those who are... the rest of us are just (taken) along for the ride. For a former comedian, Al Franken is sure leading the charge for consumers. We need more like him and less like Lieberman. I guess this makes sense if you're standardized on JSON (as opposed to say XML or HTML) responses. ^This. Shared iTunes, Netflix, and Amazon Prime (even with nearby extended family). The economics make the annoyances worth it. One of the few unique features of Safari is the "Reader" button (similar to readability), which I find very useful in reading such content (it's also great when applied to Anandtech, Arstechnica or other sites where article page count goes to double digits). ^This. The (main) goal of the NYT paywall was to push people back to print subscriptions. As long as the customer benefits (i.e., the behemoth actually innovates and doesn't kneecap the opposition), then the competitive marketplace is doing it's job. Several questions spring to mind: 1) What kind of impact is had by running first a Groupon, then a LivingSocial deal in rapid succession? 2) Is it possible that the merchant just got a bad Groupon representative (ie, is that service representative of Groupon's interactions)? 3) Are the customers of QSR (ie, fastfood) group-deals different than those of higher end services (ie, day spa, hotel)? "You" could mean Redhat or even Google (Android). This, if left to stand, is game changing (and bad, imho). If I understand correctly, it's this summary article that states what you need for SEO: "The new SEO, at least as far as Panda is concerned, is about pushing your best quality stuff and the complete removal of low-quality or overhead pages from the indexes. Which means it’s not as easy anymore to compete by simply producing pages at scale, unless they’re created with quality in mind. Which means for some sites, SEO just got a whole lot harder." Which to me, means that SEO based on a lot of weak references to a strong entry will not add to your page rank, but now will detract from it. So, if you have one content page, but 5 paths to get to it, remove 4 of them, and add external links (article recommends via social means) to that one canonical page. Corollary: fail early, fail often. Failure is often the best learning experience you can receive (if you're ready to receive it). As another comment said however, this kind of thing is right in Facebook's wheelhouse. Social can drive group activity (my wife planned her HS class reunion mainly through FB), especially group sales. This could be Facebook's big "monetizing" event that breaks them out of the hype area and squarely into heavy profits. Is it me or do those company-specific average salaries seem very high (even excluding the top 3)? > When a company has profit margins of 24.27%, as Apple does for the last quarter, they are not competing on price. Companies that compete on price typically have profit margins down around 5% (see Dell, Walmart). The iPad is seriously competing on price. This both elated and worried AAPL investors, who are worried about gross margin as well as sales. So, Apple can and will compete on price in one market (iPad) while being nosebleed premium in other markets (Mac Pro). Regarding iPhone, there are no BOGO (buy-one, get-one offers) while every other manufacturer offers those, and the Average Selling Price (ASP) is a nosebleed $600+ and hasn't come down over 3+ years... this is money that Apple makes per unit. Apple is both luxury AND competes on price - they're incredibly flexible for such a large company. Just to add to the conversation: Customization is 90% of the hard work of doing enterprise software. Often enterprise software requires teams of folks to do the above, because what is required is a) knowing the problems b) knowing how to solve them (ie, coding/configuration) c) being able to sell this to decision-makers Those three roles often take more than one person to realize. Some folks are good at one of those, and they get paid well. Folks who do two or more well are rare/in-demand. I fail to see why Sony should be pitied, unless the details of the attack are laid out, and Sony shows that it was following good security practice. I see neither disclosure happening any time soon. Your solution is asinine, as I have little way to protect my "cache" of goods... it's unencrypted both on the device and in the backups (though you can encrypt backups now, there might be previous computer backups of mine that have unencrypted location data, now I have to go find and excise those). Any malicious desktop tool can easily find the location cache in unencrypted backups. Modern Police Forensics tools ( http://www.cellebrite.com/ ) can easily extract non-encrypted data from phones in minutes (see Michigan Police). That Apple stored this growing set of user-data in cleartext on the device was as stupid as Sony storing their customer's personal information in cleartext (or weakly hashed) on their servers. Either bit-recycle the information that's not immediately relevant, or strongly encrypt/sanitize it. This shit isn't rocket-science, folks. Otherwise it's a liability and potential PR nightmare in the making. We're now still in the "wild west" of personal data records. Once these issues start to snowball and real-life consequences happen, people will clamor for litigation, which given politicians will be over-reaching and ham-fisted. Corporations with hundreds of millions of users' personal data should stay in front of these issues unless they want to wade in a regulatory mess (see Google's mis-steps with wifi packet data). I knew this was part of the strategy once they started the process to acquire NBC. Now it's doubly against their best interest to improve broadband adoption: 1) file sharing now impacts their infrastructure spend 2) file sharing impacts media arm's profitability Please tell me why this merger was even allowed? Next up: Lowered bandwidth caps (hell, follow AT&T and apply overages to a formerly unlimited plan!), and "tiered" access. Soon, internet will be indistinguishable from cable television. I think there's a place where "freemium" is the right fit... if you have non-essential content, or don't spend much time or effort on your web properties, it's probably an ok thing. Once you have anything worth backing up/restoring, you should start paying for what you use, because being a customer means something ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1684732 ... "If you're not paying, you're the product"). There are those who can't pay, and for that reason I do think it's good to fight this kind of blatant identity-theft. Still a lesson: If you can afford it and if you have anything of worth on someone else's servers, you should be paying for that privilege. As of right now, anyone with an iPhone can have their localization data ripped from their device in less than 5 minutes via cellebrite. It could be a coworker, police office, or immigration official. How is that secured? The fact that Google is trading on the open market, as compared to Facebook's makes these two valuations hard to compare directly. SecondMarket aside, when valuations are based on participants (insiders & investors) who have no reason to be skeptical/down-to-earth (is there any way to "short" a startup and affect it's valuation?), they are bound to be somewhat exuberant. I'd argue it's ethically worse On one hand, you have someone who loves the content (but who would not buy it) and so pirates it - this is "unrealized" revenue for content owners. On the other hand, you have a company that makes money and pays no royalties - this is outright theft from the content owners. Answer ignores a very public and growing corpus of data: IRC channels. I wouldn't assume just grab an existing log, wouldn't it be just like twitter? (ie, just "follow" a bunch of conversations/channels and build your own corpus by "tapping into the firehose"). You could use pre or post filtering to weed out connect/disconnect and other noise. I only thought of this because there was like two "TWSS" replies in the past couple of days on #rubyonrails I'm ok with the tradeoff, except it would have been nice if they also encrypted even the smaller cache file on the device. Other than that, I think this is a good rational response to the situation. Amusing that the best topology for learning in a fast moving and highly experimental knowledge area isn't a top-down or hub-and-spoke, but more of a web... Perhaps universities shouldn't be teaching "web development" as a class (by the time the curriculum is written things will already start to get stale), and focus instead on "internet-enabled research and collaboration" with web development as a topic? Quinoa is a very nice substitution for rice, and it has a unique texture and flavor. We simply sub it one for one with long-grain jasmine rice in our cooker (usually 2:1 cups water-rice... quinoa is the same ratio). Only thing is that it's definitely more expensive than rice. Anyone know of a good way to get quinoa on the cheap? Solar isn't a baseload power supply so it can't replace other fuel sources (nuclear, coal) without serious improvement in batteries or an electric car revolution with V2G (vehicle to grid) support. However, wind and solar while not baseload will be critical to our infrastructure and ability to deal with power spikes. Much like hybrid cars today, making a fossil-fuel generator that is specced to your high end of demand is inefficient; you can get by with a lower baseload and very powerful "on-demand" power (solar/wind+batteries). > Sure, I don't have a Hi-Res screen (the one Pro feature I wanted on the 13"), but I can actually upgrade my computer in 3 years when 4GB RAM becomes a bottleneck. Now that's a low year-over-year computing cost. You can also upgrade your MBP RAM cheaply today (or tomorrow) to 8GB. Not only does the MB Air not support 8GB, it's soldered on, so you can't upgrade. Glad you like the MBP, but if you don't have an SSD you're missing out. If you do, the prices are a lot more equivalent (ie, MBP+SSD is not cheap). Or perhaps not. I've spent hundreds on apps, and have yet to spend a single dollar in IAP. Horses for courses... it all depends on what type of market your app caters to. > they are essentially taking the one independent choice you have during your work day (what, where and how to spend your lunch break) and making you conform to the "norm". Wow, you really need to get perspective or a different job. I have tons of choices every day at work. Lunch is one of the more mundane (but important) ones. If I was offered the option to go to a company cafeteria (I've worked at places like this before), I'd probably go as often as not. One compromise is like one of my previous teams did: One day of the week is team lunch day (and a longer lunch at that). This isn't so quotidien, but still has a bonding effect, diffusing group tensions while satisfying the need for self-time. I think daily mandatory would be weird, but I'd be up for 1-2 days a week where the team meets over food. This is awesome. Now if you could only do Google Reader or RSS I might find a use for all those "rollover minutes" in my account. If someone balks at the warning: "This website has not registered with Google to establish a secure connection for authorization requests. We recommend that you deny access unless you trust the website.", and clicks [Deny], they will receive a really ugly trace dump. Yes, but how much would depend on quality. This article is a bit facile and ignores data that disprove their point. They hold Twitter as a model for the "end of scarcity" and yet Twitter has put the kibosh on new tweet clients? If anything, scarcity is even more abundant with all this abundance. Scarcity of user attention/memory isn't going away. Scarcity of IP with an increasing patent minefield; We still might be looking at coming bandwidth restrictions as the ISPs lower their thresholds to tax the internet services and users. This article reminds me of the original dot-com bubble and how Wired and other tech-saavy digests were crowing about DOW hitting 40k and the abundance economy, the long boom... that didn't end well. The concept of the light-cone[1] really frustrated my younger self (raised on heady expectations, warp drives and transporters). There might be a sentient race very close to us in time-space that we will never know because the light-cones will never meet. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Light_cone Probably has to do with concurrent reasons why Apple is overtaking them in profitability, notably, the iPad is absorbing the netbook market (MS reported netbook sales down 40%). No what this means is that the operators don't want to be stuck with Android vs. iOS; they would prefer a strong third option, which would be Nokia/MS. Back in 2006, operators used to have dozens of manufacturers of smartphones at their disposal each with relatively weak OS platforms (RIM/Blackberry being the top at the time). Then the iPhone came out and disrupted that market by offering the iOS platform. Then Android matured (using some iOS cues) and became the 2nd leading platform. Right now, the third platform (Blackberry) is getting weaker by the day, while WP7 is not gaining traction. So a combined Nokia/MS could provide a strong 3rd option for worldwide operators. None of this makes sense unless Nokia is the preferred manufacturer for Microsoft and not just another commoditized handset maker of Windows phones. http://www.adobe.com/products/air/runtime_distribution_faq.h... Looks like Air is similar to Java in that respect (or in my more cynical view, Visual Basic - but multiplatform). Apple's moral compass is pretty much dictated by image, especially amongst the userbase of it's products. As far as I can surmise, an app would be banned if: * it would offend a large potential group of customers * it offends even a moderate but vocal set of existing customers * it spews and/or supports the spewing of FUD * it makes the iPhone or Apple look bad All in all, these are pretty easy to guess guidelines. They're also very geared towards keeping and attracting customers, and thus, the bottom line. I like what one commenter said on slashdot: Facebook is a reverse wikileaks. Everyone puts all your information into a corporate-owned box, to be aggregated and analyzed by powerful players. Hell, you can even "finger" others by tagging them on photos. > They HAD to beat the iPad 2 release date at all costs. I doubt they had to. They chose to, and blundered with the entire world looking at them. If I were Moto, I would have red-lighted the project some months before deadline, when it was readily apparent that Google wasn't going to deliver a quality stable release on-time. Competing with the iPhone (and it's carrier exclusivities and high ASP) is one thing, but if you have shoddy product, the iPad is going to wipe the floor with you unless you really offer something unique (ie, eee transformer looks interesting). Any citation that Lion will rev the latest MBP to SATA 3/3? It wasn't clear to me that this was a software limitation... OCZ is mainly using sandforce chipset now... which is is a quantum level leap from the initial jmicron chipset. A vertex2 or vertexLE is a completely different beast than a vertex1. I've given up on hibernate for my macbook+vertex2... however, my battery is decent enough to get me through the day and I charge often. I haven't noticed much of a difference other than the occasional instance of leaving the laptop on and without power (no autosleep for me). Dropbox+svn/git make sure I don't lose any code. Dish's stock is up 19% in today's trading, so this must be an albatross off their back. I'm guessing TiVo wasn't exactly happy with the agreement after 7 years of long struggle. 4 months wireless internet access != priceless stradivarius. Artificial scarcity fail. The problem here is Telstra and/or the power company for not securing their SIM card or account. At the very least this "Mr. Freeman" should be involved in the case as he removed the SIM card, which is probably a violation in and of itself. In any sense, this phrase "...3G providers misuse the deals with limits by charging insane amounts per megabyte made over the limit." would be a textbook definition of usury. > making a change to a stored procedure's signature. In order to change it, you have to change all of the clients that talk to it at the exact same time. Assuming all of your clients are all server-side (ie, servlets) and are also in source control, this should not be an issue. If you have thick clients accessing SQL functions directly, you have a bigger problem (client-server... ugh) that browsers have solved. If you have multiple servers talking to each other, you still have a version of the "thick client" problem, namely enterprise integration... for which there are intermediary APIs. Apple makes it VERY easy to migrate your entire system across machines, thus lubricating this entire process. That combined with resale make this kit very attractive to their customer base who can instantly choose to be in your camp or the author's camp. On the other hand, the market probably doesn't value modifications or add-ons as well, so re-selling my year-old MBP with optical replaced by SSD, 750GB 7200RPM rust platter, and 8GB RAM would probably not be "cost effective". Hate to add to your pain, but I actually bought my 8GB (2x4GB) kit for $80 (was about 2 months ago). Aside from an MB Air I bought for my dad (non-upgradeable RAM), I always tell folks to go minimum on RAM spec and find suitable add-on RAM, often 3-6 mo later. Wait 0.13 microns = 130nm. Also ARMv5? Even the 3GS is a cortex A8 which is built on a 45nm core. From what you're sayin intel is very far behind in ARM technology. This is one place where I think Apple's App Store is lacking: releasing incrementals. On a baseline MB Air (64GB), 4.5GB is not cheap. On most broadband connections, 4.5GB is a non-trivial % of your broadband cap. At least for Apple's apps there should be a way to download incrementals (with a choice to DL the whole thing if something broke). One thing is sure, if Lion is an "App", then by the capability for App sharing, OSX will probably have a conversion rate of 80+% within 3 months. It's basically equivalent to the "show characters" checkbox in your wifi password entry. Who's going to trust the WSJ if they have anything of serious consequence? Rupert Murdoch has been pretty cozy to western governments and large corporations, so why would I as a whistleblower/leaker choose WSJ's outfit given the ideological and conflict of interest issues? Say what you will about WikiLeaks, but it's pretty much got one purpose and no obvious conflict of interest. In the case of SafeHouse... not so much. More like whistleblowerleaks. Sounds like a honeypot for the unwary whistleblower. Unethical? Hardly. It's just against their specific rules (which only exist so they can gouge you on certain fares). Is it ethical for airlines to charge you more for A->B than a flight going from A->B->C? Perhaps I just don't read NYT, but I've never been blocked by the paywall. IIRC, if you use private browsing mode on most browsers, doesn't it defeat the paywall? As long as the XCode toolchain exists on such devices (ie, they are full dev devices), I would be more than thrilled to switch architectures with a new MacbookARM. I have a 13" Pro with a Vertex2. My Dad's MB Air 13 feels faster (synthetic bench states mine is about 5-10% faster). The weight difference is tangible. Once the Thunderbolt Air arrives, I'm switching. As a hardcore Apple fan, I strongly hope one of the non-Apple contributors to Webkit sends a source request to Apple with the implicit threat of lawsuit. Big companies don't treat others with kid gloves when it comes to licensing and copyright, so why should we take it from them? You know, it's a bit of FUD since I have no workaround/prevention angle. Great. I run skype on one of my machines (OSX) and it's now vulnerable... Flying while Muslim is the new Driving while Black. Things to note: * Apple already uses Nuance code in their phones. * Current iPhone speech is native, doesn't require network * Nuance also offers iOS apps that do speech recognition over the network (I use this all the time to send "long" SMS/emails, and it works decently). * Google's offerings are network-based, and exceed current iOS capabilities (anyone have a chance to compare the usability between the two?) So if this deal comes to pass, will it be an extension of the current (native) voice, or network based, or a hybrid? Don't confuse power and legitimacy. This is one of the major reasons why India isn't ruled by the British now. British had power, Gandhi and the peaceful revolutionists had legitimacy... guns can only project so much power. Why wouldn't RMS be considered here? His "right to read" [1] is certainly looking prophetic of late. [1] http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/right-to-read.html I would agree but lots of Steve-wannabe CEOs adopt the cargo cult and think that being belligerent is key to getting stuff done. This is exactly not the case. Steve gets away with it because he's maniacally focused on improving Apple. It's not that he gets annoyed and spouts expletives, but WHY he does it, and FOR WHAT REASON. A bit hyperbolic, but amusing. Why doesn't Microsoft adopt meaningful brands that aren't 4 words long (Microsoft Windows for Workgroups) or vapid and diluted (ie, live)? Unfortunately, you are not representative of the average Facebook user. The average Facebook user is much less privacy savvy. Not everyone uses Google (most do), and Gmail surprisingly isn't the most popular internet mail. Facebook may not know as much about you, but they often know much more detailed information (ie, where you were last night). Most of Facebook's users don't consider their "wall" to be public despite the fact that Facebook defaults it to be so (and has repeatedly reset privacy settings in the past to be "more public"). Complicate this with the fact that others can "implicate" you with their messages written on your wall. Despite you hiding them, they are there, in Facebook's servers just like your Google searches... except you didn't write them. The "input from mice, keyboard, and joysticks" sounds like Android might just supplant ChromeOS. GoogleTV+Android3.1+joysticks = console play... considering GoogleTV hasn't really been popular, this might be what it needs to make a splash in the living room. The tip about some previous hackernews apps being rejected for the word "Hacker" sounds like it might be best to describe Hacker News as just news.ycombinator.com "YCombinator is a startup incubator...". Every company doing business in California needs to have a license to operate here (and obey State laws). No easy loopholes here. Companies mainly choose Delaware because Delaware is efficient and well-known for processing of paperwork and legal matters. Not sure I've ever experience this (having worked in dozens of large and small outfits). Usually IT is split between operations and projects; The project guy(s) being software oriented, the ops folks being hardware/network. It's rare to see someone who has command of both remain in IT... if you have that skill set you can easily be a hired gun for much more (or run your own company/startup). ... which is the point of the article. Likely, it doesn't have anything to do with what's said, but what's unsaid... how would Google monetize that traffic/data and use it to augment their existing services? If it's all encrypted P2P and supernodes aren't centrally located but randomly distributed throughout the Skype-net. They couldn't place ads without rewriting the P2P to have more intercept points. If it is about money, then I think Chan's point does hold. Google would be buying a money losing venture that doesn't fit with their own monetization model and would take years to integrate if at all. I see no comments on a relatively popular video: http://tvdinnr.com/#/v/xlOIy6QEbes (and yes, I'm trying it on a browser without facebook-blocker) Can't you filter at a higher leve (ie, the router or gateway?). A simple method would be to get the wifi version, NAT it through your desktop acting as gateway and put the filtering software there. Of course, that's a kludge and easily worked around. Compared to an iPad, currently the Chromebook is harder to filter. Something that's not confidence inspiring from the site: "Get everything you need directly from Google, including support - online, email and phone." Contrast with the current CEO's views on support http://www.wired.com/magazine/2011/03/mf_larrypage/3/ "...Denise Griffin, the person in charge of Google’s small customer-support team, asked Page for a larger staff. Instead, he told her that the whole idea of customer support was ridiculous. ..." If Google is truly going to support these devices, they're going to need a paradigm shift from Page's pre-existing "support doesn't scale" attitude... and bring their A-game. I don't see Facebook comments either. Are there any examples you have that should have comments? Unfortunately, it doesn't elaborate on which cell phone models were used in the cited study: http://www.springerlink.com/content/bx23551862212177/fulltex... I'll assume they didn't choose phones with additional antennae activated (ie, bluetooth, GPS, wifi), but that wasn't detailed either. Also since they focused on 900Mhz GSM, I wonder if CDMA/TDMA or non-900Mhz GSM would change results... assuming equivalent specific energy adsorption rate (SAR), of course. Considering Apple makes an order of magnitude more money on the devices than the software, I bet Apple could even do better than free if they saw the need. However, it goes against their core philosophy and company strengths. Apple will only go there if they are pressed to do so. I'd disagree. People consider web-apps (of which the most popular are Facebook, GMail, etc) to be free... Google is competing with the web, not against native binary App Stores. I think most people understand that the Mac App Store competes with other native-software online stores as well as with brick & mortar stores... the business model of payment for native binaries is well understood. This would be a great idea, but will never get implemented because wall street has almost perfect regulatory capture. As useless an idea as IAP is to me (I've never used it, it seems dangerous with a kid around, etc), I think it would behoove Apple to take a stand here, because a lawsuit could essentially be a death-sentence for many apps and puts a chilling effect on app development in general. The history of democratic politics is replete with such examples. The general view is that marketing entrenches information asymmetry. I prefer how we did it in the military: 13MAY2011. mysql: %d%b%Y No ambiguity, easy to parse and 3-letter month is natural delimiter between day and year numbers. Case in point, in order to convert a .doc file to html was a nightmare from Word (last used 2007 and 2008 on Win/Mac) - this is especially useful if posting on craigslist/certain blogs. Piping it through Google docs removes like 90% of the deadweight markup and makes it more compliant while retaining nearly all of the formatting. I know that the UK trains (actually the tracks) are not as good as in France or Germany, but when I did stay in France, I often traveled from Paris to Tours. On a train (TGV), this takes about 1.5 hrs. By car it can take upwards of 3 hours on a good day. Variance in arrival time for the car was high, on the train, it was rather constant. Of course, if you don't have good point-to-point transport (ie, taxis, walkable) at either destination then all bets are off. I prefer the original "cloud" music - Nuages by Debussy http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nocturnes_(Debussy) In our warped reality, the media cartel have top guys in the US DOJ. It can be considered an extreme form of regulatory capture. In this environment, what is sane (you purchase a CD, rip the bits for use space-shifted to the cloud) is not seen as "legal" without "license fees". Apple paying dues to the music cartel does win in this environment; Google and Amazon playing to rational logic do not. Apple groked this 20 years ago: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sosumi Simpler put: the Apple brand has super-strong name recognition. Well-known political figures who dominate the media elicit similar reactions (Obama, Palin, etc) This is a sign of success for Apple's marketing. It's also a sign of a media-oversaturated society that shows no signs of becoming less so. > so android phones sell more in just 5 days? No, Android devices activate more in 5 days. Still not clear to me what "activation" means. These two measures aren't directly comparable: http://www.simplemobilereview.com/what-does-apple-mean-by-de... That said, Microsoft still selling more WinMo devices than WP7 is a telling sign of their poor mobile strategy. I loved my engagement in Köln. So does your keyboard have the Kolsch key? http://t3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTfcLU1Vom4t8DEKwMDv... This could be extended... not everyone who believes in the Rapture will be taken (due to the many potential disqualifying clauses)... what about that adulterous, shrimp-eating brother-in-law... surely your mother-in-law would want him cared for in a land of unbelievers, non? This may sound like a perfect match, but honestly most banks can't be trusted: http://www.amazon.com/Best-Way-Rob-Bank-Own/dp/0292706383 BankSimple, not being terribly large, can't force the incumbents to play their game (like say, Apple could with AT&T to some degree - and they got lucky getting in with Cingular). It will be interesting to see how this fares when the "financial service" supplier(s) starts yanking the chain. The industry isn't just "waiting" they are actively suppressing the revolution. They know that once you get an upstart with lots of momentum, it could derail the racket they have going on right now. Good luck to BankSimple... it'll be interesting to see how this turns out. For me, USAA is quite adequate for the time being. I present sorting as a possible solution. Have a sort (optional setting) that puts the highest rated comments at the top of each thread branch. This combined with graying of zero/neg rated comments should be adequate to see what the community prefers. That way, skimmers can see and read comments that are rated higher first, but there's much less gaming for higher scores (just implicit ranking within the specific blog-post context). Also an indicator of a comment that's much higher rated than others in the comment thread or post could also be indicated. There are many ways to see quality without revealing the scores. Look at say, online stores like Amazon for "bestselling" sorts... you don't see overall sales, but a sales rank and even that's hidden at the search results level. EFF aside, Apple genuinely has a strong interest in sort this out soon. Putting FUD on the table for app development is a bad thing for their platform and profits. I expect Apple to do something smart to aid their developers in this case... I only hope it doesn't amount to paying off the patent troll. That would be a worst-case for other platforms and their developers, as this would competition blocker. And that is how you win this kind of case... by out-waiting/spending the other side. If Apple does, in fact, gain an injunction, it almost doesn't matter what Lodsys does, as Apple can drag their case out until it's not feasible for Lodsys to fight any longer, or by winning/settling. You can do similar in Europe as well. At least when I was there, many of my colleagues at Schneider Electric were contractors making decent money (even for US rates). Actually being a contractor in a country with good social safety net is even better... as you're employment isn't responsible for healthcare benefits* , your options are much better. * France has a public/private deal where you (or your employer) can pay extra for better service, but the baseline social safety net is quite ample. Considering most vacation law is set at the national level, yes, weak union power at the national level results in the situation we have here. Thanks for the summary. > - All code uploaded to their orion servers Wow, this just isn't for me or almost any code I've worked on. I'd like to know for whom this would be comfortable other than using pure-OSS projects. Not to imply anything, but are any of the iOS or Android UI / interaction models patented? If so, that may have forced Microsoft's hand in their completely different UI. They are required to give up security footage to law enforcement anyway during an investigation. How is this copyright clause even helpful in that case? I'm guess it's not. Perhaps they've leaked your info and you don't know. Hell, perhaps they don't even know. If the password isn't hashed (ie, 1-way function) and is retrievable by a support rep, then it's ripe for the picking (social engineering is a very well known and effective intrusion tactic). This is not to say that NewEgg is not to be trusted. I would just assume that whatever password you gave them is potentially already compromised. Password generators/storage mechanisms like 1Password or KeepassX are very useful here. I just generate a large random password for each site. This is probably the best advice. If you're doing all your own code, then non-fixed may work. If you're on projects with other devs where there is an in-grained fixed-width coding practice, it may be very hard to suddenly go non-fixed. Just going to echo the chorus responding to you: It's a way of sharing context. When you ride with someone in their car, if music is being played it's being shared. Same with when you are with someone at a restaurant/bar. Imagine a chat session with someone where you're listening to the same soundtrack (chosen by participant(s)). Potential for epic interactions. This is why I'm happy that Android has some interesting password entry mechanisms that only exist for the iPhone in the jailbreak arena. Apple really needs to embrace a non-PIN style password and make a way to login that's not a pain in the ass. A friend has an iPhone with a 9-character pass.. it's secure but impossible to use since it takes about 10 seconds to unlock each time... if the user can't be bothered to put a master password because it's not usable to do so, then it almost doesn't matter if there's hardware encryption anyway. Compared with Google, Apple's views on security are weak. It's like comparing Google's "customer support" to Apple's... demonstrably weaker. Correct, although Apple does provide an API to use the hardware encryption. Most apps do NOT use it. If you're paranoid, you can make most data reasonably secure by using the built-in apps and apps like StashPro (which does use the hardware crypto API). This includes putting a decent length password, which is also hard to use. Full-device encryption backed by hardware would be really great. IIRC, that's not possible on either iOS or Android right now (not sure about other platforms). After about 10 minutes of diagramming, I'm a bit high on the fumes (not in a good way). Chalk feels better. For starters, they could overhaul the concept of "safe files". This is the vector that allows auto-downloads and installer execution. MacDefender is relatively tame. Next time it could be a rootkit packaged in a trojan. Which is likely due to the style choice as OSC mentions in his self-book-review. Personally, having read it at an early age, I found the science part of the sci-fi to be very captivating and philosophy to be interesting. From a sci-fi historiology perspective, you can see parts of the Bradbury style space-as-wild-west, while also some of the Gibson-esqe interconnected computing. I also found that the philosophy of the ansible to be related to some of Philip K Dick's warped sense of reality books. It seems to me more like Sony is dragging it's own name through the mud with inferior products, half-assed security and disregard for their customers. I'd love to be one of their competitors right now. To summarize, if you own the code for both endpoints of data exchange (and will always do so), then JSON wins by sheer terseness and schema. If you do not, then you will guaranteed run into schema differences of common objects (ie, SAP "Customer" <> Oracle "Customer <> Salesforce "Customer" etc etc). XML w/ XSL/XSD wins here. A majority of their titles are language learning packs. Maybe some key software makers like VMWare will step up, I'd like to see Adobe's products there, also - Adobe has horrible DRM and licensing management. Corporations choose Delaware because the lawyers who incorporate them (usually contracted from big firms) choose Delaware. Perhaps if they based their new features on users testing like Zynga, instead of the 20% projects of their employees they might have features that have more market success (keep in mind Google's and Zynga's market are not directly comparable). Implementation wise, I could see Google doing a "labs ghetto" where some set of white-listed MVPs would go out to small percentage of their user-base. It's a powerful concept. HTC does make WP7 phones (HD7 comes to mind), but I doubt even Microsoft has enough leverage to pry HTC from Android... HTC is a rising star there and it's a big market. Just because Google has a license doesn't mean it's necessarily an implementation license (i.e., re-applicable to your customers/clients/etc). The devil is in the details and we don't know them. Likely the licensing details for Google and Apple w/r/t the patents in question are different as well (so one implementation could be covered while another one is not) The problem is not that google is shutting down some of it's free APIs. Many folks are crying out for a paid version of the Translate API for example. I question the motive behind shuttering a useful and unparalleled API like translate without considering putting a pricetag on it. I guess "Nibbleonmy____likearatdoescheese.com" was already taken. The concept may turn out to be a game-changer: group/daily discounts. I think Groupon is too generic; you could easily focus on verticals like food, hit the big pain spots for retailers and deliver a better fit than Groupon. The reason Groupon won't counter is that takes them too far off their generic script. Plus the food focus means all the sales contacts are foodies, too. A great idea, and deeper discounts too! $10 for $20 content is not nearly as appealing as "free donut today" (upsell on milk or 2nd donut). Doubtful. It is more likely they don't feel they're ready to strategically invest the capital (going IPO is to gain capital for the company mainly). Sadly, GoogleTV didn't do this. All I want is Android style widgets (ie, Google Voice SMS app or RSS feed reader) overlay or with TV inset (like your cable/dish box showing menu + current stream). Agreed, this would be incredibly disruptive. It's always easier to destroy/disable than it is to create/enable. Infertility is a complex problem with multiple possible causes. Apple, where is the Facetime open spec that you promised? Google may just beat them to the punch. It doesn't matter how strong Apple is... 2nd place is still profitable, and honeycomb tablets have been pretty lackluster in sales. If HPalm can take a solid niche (better UI than iPad, free-er than Android) and make 2nd place out of it, they will have a sustainable foothold to re-establish the WebOS brand. Apple doesn't have to lose for HP to succeed. This looks like a tablet OS rather than a desktop OS. The elephant in the room is Office. How is Office going to make the transition to a Windows 8, touch-based UI and still be usable to the dozens of millions of current users? The age-old desktop vs. touchscreen conundrum arises. Apple has two versions of it's OS: OSX for desktops, which is (currently) not a touch-based UI, and iOS for it's small and large tablet devices which is touch-based. Apple isn't ditching power users. They still sell Macs and OSX is not touch-based (nor will it be in Lion). Microsoft converting all of it's desktop users to a touch-first OS is going to be... interesting. Perhaps they will settle on multi-touch trackpads like the Apple Magic Trackpad to resolve the gorilla-arm issue? Excel shown for 30 seconds in this video is the elephant in the room. Touch-first OS with Excel? I'd like to see that done right. Cool. Would be nice to be able to specify the edges that "connect" between the two containers... would definitely be useful in either education apps or a more visual way to do multi selection+order lists (aka List Builder). Google's $6B offer for Groupon was the catalyst, not some "foresight"... Groupon thought they could get better from an IPO than going with Google. This is the 3rd or 4th such attack. Even if they're completely clueless: "Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. The third time it's enemy action." What's embarrassing is the complete lack of even basic security policy. Jeebus, 11? I stand corrected. Agreed. The article says that Groupon has no real moat, so that means this business model is ripe for niche players (ie, be better at, say, furniture or massages than Groupon/LivingSocial) The salient point in this article aside (I agree with the author that Apple doesn't get the P2P nature of the web), I think Ping failed for a different reason: I don't trust Apple knowing what music I have (ripped). They are too close to the recording industry which has spent years suing everyday folks like me to prop up their dying business model. Sure, I know Apple won't "turn me in" (would be bad for business) for my shady music collection (most of which is NOT available in the US, btw) but I don't want to take the chance. The fact that Apple seems to segregate the "professionals/industry" from the "amatuers/consumers" only adds to the dilemma that Ping has yet to resolve. Safari [reader] button (or readability bookmarklet) fixes this (as well as many other reader-unfriendly pages). You've never taken apart a PowerMac G5. It was simply elegant for it's time... the innards are more beautiful than the exterior. Apple is famous for lots of serious attention to detail that involve not just visual/glitz but usability. Design is definitely the correct word. The sad thing is that with Google's backing, they would have had immense resources to eat FourSquare, LivingSocial, and Facebook's lunch for these kind of local advertisements. To me, Groupon's leadership were idiots for passing up the Google $6B buyout... and it will be readily apparent to everyone in a few months. There is one thing that the article points out however, that's very important: "College is expensive. The College Board Policy Center found that the cost of public university tuition is about 3.6 times higher today than it was 30 years ago" This is insane. Public university tuition has inflated about 360%, while salaries have stayed flat or declined, and unemployment is on the rise. I agree with others that college benefits those who take advantage of what it offers, but when you come out with 6-figure debt, the cost/benefit of "investing in yourself" is seriously in question. The societal fabric in the USA has been under assault by the rich and elite, and public schooling (both k12 and collegiate) is merely one of those threads that's becoming unraveled (by the excessive burden of the profiteers/leeches). Bingo. In the US, we're used to interweaving corporate brands into our collective psyche, and it's ok with us (well, most of us). In France, it's disallowed on fairly understandable ideals. Which brings up the counter-question (left as exercise for reader): Is the US too corporatized? I had always envisioned it would be easy for Apple, even given current iOS4 voice recognition to play well with apps. An "Open $app, do $command" would be amazing. The simple "return call" or "redial" phone related functions would address some of the AT&T frustration I have today. But going the extra step and doing actual NLP on top of the voice recognition would be incredible. Apple is actually quite fond of just hiring the developer. I can't cite examples, but it's been done quite often. My experience with the (limited) voice capabilities in iOS3+ were quite solid... when I was wearing decent headphones or using the built-in. With bluetooth headphones (which I love) in a strong wind, voice recognition was impossible. This is part and parcel of why Apple often eschews the component-based model (preferring integrated): bad components can make the whole experience miserable. Thanks for the amazing compilation of sequential events. I see no G vs. FB charts or actual data about Google's revenue. This just sounds like complete hyperbole. Perhaps failure is a strong word, but clearly the attackers didn't gain anything of value - unlike every single Sony attack. The bad part is that some sites (even banks!) force you to limit the number or type of characters. In one ridiculous case, I was forced to use an 8 character pwd with only lowercased letters. The solution is to use tools like KeePass or 1Password to allow maximum length passwords (randomly generated also) wherever possible. I mean, any self respecting hacker should have seen Sneakers. Best computer security movie of all time. Agreed. Any social program in the government uses stastical methods to determine utility, impact and ROI. Why? It works. Would you prefer a more "faith-based" approach? Perhaps in our day and age of more direct interactions (ie, email, SMS, twitter) it might be possible to augment statistical methods with direct feedback. This just sounds surreal. So instead of buying music, you can now "pirate" it, then allow iTunes Match to "legitimize it" for you. Bingo, free "legitimate" music (I assume with artwork/etc included). > Keep in mind it's $29.95 per year. Lion is $29.99. iTunes Match is $25/y (this difference adds up) Great summary. Last year I did the same (MBP2010) and I outlined all the steps here: http://forums.macrumors.com/showpost.php?p=10814085&post... The "Red Pop" Kickstartr project suddenly looks less exciting also. Perhaps the fact that they've recently discovered delta updates would make the download process a lot easier. Not everyone can afford an iOS or OSX device. For the rest who aren't tied to windows, the Chromebook might fit their needs. Perhaps this will result in the same "vice-grip" effect as on mobile OS's: Apple on the high end and Google (with HW manufacturers) on the low end, except this time, it's going to be Microsoft rather than Nokia that's squeezed. Not just that, it requires iOS5 which (AFAIK) won't be available to even 3GS owners. SMS isn't going away anytime soon. Cupertino "downtown" is a joke (I used to work there)... it's basically the intersection of two large streets (Stevens Creek at De Anza). Likewise Sunnyvale and Santa Clara are quite anemic, but Los Gatos, Saratoga and even Los Altos aren't bad. MV and PA are great places to dine. Cupertino is the only town I've worked in that never had a downtown. This sounds great, I assume there's no way to view these files on an iOS device (which is still quite workable encryption - only for dekstop) Not only that, but it's literally the cutting edge and folks with most disposable income... ie, a great market even if it the covers aren't a large % of iPad2 owners. Cost is a very complex thing, are you considering externalities? In other words, we're paying a pretty damn high price for "gas" right now (including externalities like pollution, wars, and oil spills). Alternatives have not taken off due to chicken/egg problem of adoption economies of scale. Also gas is not safe. It's highly combustible and toxic to humans: http://medicmagic.net/living-near-a-gas-station-increase-can... As other commenters mentioned, it requires flash for sound. Any flashblocker or clicktoflash will render the page mute (like on my Safari). Maybe you have one of those installed? It's important if one of the goals of the TouchPad is to rejuvenate the WebOS brand so they can market it for notebooks and other non-tablet/phone devices in the future. Your comment only strengthens the case against Asus' product marketing execution. Like you I also check the quality of the reviews. However, I do cull my list initially based on summarized data. What this ultimately means is that when looking at a map or listing with sites and summarized data you can't trust the summarized results which may have been gamed/poisoned. Also poisoning the summary is very powerful in controlling which users even notice the property (e.g. 25 reviews 3.2 stars - might be worth looking at, 15 reviews 2 star = probably avoid... the difference is 10 bogus 5 star reviews, not hard) black-hat SEO works In large numbers, yes, it's hard to spoof a good/bad rating. But the mode/median of review numbers is likely to be easily game-able (like 20 reviews, for example). Furthermore, if your property gets too many bad reviews you can either rebrand (expensive) or just create a new property description (this is what happened when my sister found a screw in her food - the restaurant retaliated to her Yelp negative review by just creating a cloned restaurant listing then spamming that listing with positive reviews). > he feature they requested? Four simple web forms, the code to validate their input, and a report generator to dump back out what was put into the form. After we finalized the spec for this I turned in my two weeks and went straight back to academia, where four web forms and a report is something you write, wrap automated tests around, and deploy before lunchtime. I think this is a very uneven comparison. Comparing what a decent coder can do as to what is spec'd, negotiated and sold is wildly different. At the heart of the problem is that consulting agencies and ISVs like Accenture benefit from more "work" being done, so they sell more "work". The product delivered is a consequence. Also versioning or attribution would be nice, allow folks to improve or fork a scaffold, with change log. From a previous HN submission: http://techcrunch.com/2011/06/05/facebook-will-surpass-googl... which summarized the IAB breakdown of online advertising revenues: 1) Google pretty much owns the search advertising area which accounts for 45% of overall revenues. 2) Facebook is making good inroads into display advertising, which accounts for 25% of overall revenues. From this we can surmise that this acquisition might be related to fending off Facebook. Motorcycles are dangerous, require adequate training, and have statistics about loss of limbs and life (even for seasoned veterans who wear appropriate clothing). This is probably related to a) the state of the roads here and b) the vehicle size (SUVs). They've changed the design from a plug that attaches perpendicularly into the laptop (and has a serious strain point that is not adequately engineered around) to one that plugs in "parallel". http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MagSafe This likely prevents strain by removing the probability that the cable is pulled at the strain point. It also looks cooler. Only downside is that it doesn't untether easily; it's that the selling point of MagSafe? Still not sold on the entire chromebook idea. Offline apps are still not here. They have a 3G plan, but no bundled wifi hotspot plan? At least an iPadWifi/iPodTouch would be fairly functional offline at say, a coffee shop. All in all, this seems rushed or not fully thought through. Why even release these devices to reviewers before offline apps are ready? So let me get this straight, she kept hiring people (which she admits wasn't the best business plan) and gets lucky because real-estate in late 90s/early00's was in a boom (mostly due to repeal of regulations). She may be a nice/effective person, but she admits she had no vision, no plan other than growth, and exited early after getting lucky. How is this relevant to anyone at HN? I am likely going to fall for a larger MB Air... if they sell a 15" model, I'll be the first in line. However, I'm still not sure if I like the non-discrete video. Anyone with an MBP'11 that only has Intel HD video care to tell me if it's any good for gaming? At least the current MB Air has discrete video. Netflix asking their (dissatisfied) customer to try out Amazon Prime is actually a great idea for Netflix. Prime's selection is quite small compared to Netflix's and Netflix can likely easily stay ahead of Amazon. Ultimately, Groupon needs to understand this and work this into their sales script/recipe so new restaurants/customers can prepare for the Groupon event. However, they may be too busy preparing for IPO so the investors "get paid". If walling off your group is equivalently difficult to creating a yahoo/google group, then yeah. Facebook's entire premise is that people LIKE being heard/seen and LIKE seeing/hearing others, in their social graph. What is really needed is multiple distinct social graphs per user with distinct walls between them, done elegantly... this isn't an easy problem to solve. There was a really nice presentation from a Googler (who subsequently moved to Facebook) which described this problem eloquently... but I can't seem to find the link. I'd say LinkedIn is more social than Facebook. It certainly provides a useful service to it's users (both hiring and looking-to-be-hired). It can do this because people care about where/what their friends and colleagues are working. I backup my parents' iPad on a monthly basis and apply any OS updates. They only sync when they want stuff they can't get directly on the device itself (via say, iTunes, Netflix or Youtube), usually music. If I'm not around, no sync/backup occurs. Totally believable that some folks have never done it. Perhaps the Genius Bar will upgrade/update your phone for you? I know they do similar things for non-techsavvy customers on OSX. Anyone see that and wonder how those long international flights that track the sun would allow passengers to sleep? Scanning the raw data, I see the Toyota Sienna has zero reported deaths in any category (Minivans seem to do well in all categories). Like others mention, this likely has to do with some degree of selection bias (i.e., Drivers who are safer choose certain vehicle types like minivans) as well as (in the case of the Sienna) a very small sample size, likely due to the model redesign that fell within the period, limiting the data - survey only chose most recent model data during the period). What's also frustrating is they don't mention all deaths/injuries. For some insight into that, it's probably best to look at the IIHS other reports on insurance losses per model: http://www.iihs.org/research/hldi/composite_intro.html As mentioned in the write-up, Skydiving is much different than, say, fast food, in that the groupon customer must schedule the jump (scheduled fast food ... isn't). All of which probably means that Groupon (at least the daily version) isn't that good for business that can't scale appropriately (ie, restaurants) or schedule the delivery of service/goods. Once the timed-deal market really matures, we'll likely see weekly, daily, and even multi-daily (Amazon goldbox?) coupons by various Groupon-like entities. Agreed. "I wish I knew what to say" is perfectly appropriate when it's true ... it also lets the other person set the tone of the discussion. I'm all for browser-clients everywhere if they could keep up with native clients in terms responsiveness, and hardware-software integration. This has never been the case, and I don't think it will for some time to come, if ever. Innovation on the web moves at standards-speed (de facto and open). If 80% of your users are stuck on IE6 or lower (circa 2007), you will be hard pressed to make anything web-based as usable as the iPhone and it's native apps that showed up around that time. Apple's cloud isn't for serving everyone; just users of their products. Consequently they can move faster than standards with their native binaries, and be out in front of web standards (with graceful degradation for non-Safari browsers) for web clients. I'm not intimately familiar with Heroku, but has this kid single-handedly created heroku for perl? Quite impressive. I don't see Android anywhere on there, but it's acknowledged that Android's massive numbers are due in part to chinese manufacturers like Huawei and ZTC and Android-derived OSs (OMS, Tapas: http://www.asymco.com/2011/02/01/google-as-android-vendor/ ) Hardware is cheap and commoditized in China due to the lack of IP restrictions. However, smartphone software isn't so easy. Are some or all of these "pirate phones" running a version of Android? problem with 4chan is that it's blocked at work (probably for good reason). Now I need to find the reddit summary. If I could get decent french-language programming, I would also give up Dish. As it is, TV5 Monde is only available on Comcast (in some areas) and Dish (everywhere). Anyone know of good streaming options for French language programming? One can only hope that JCP will gain a lot of this customer-oriented focus when Ron Johnson is firmly in place. Things that have changed: 1) Xbox+Kinnect outclasses the Wii/mote in a pretty incredible way. 2) iOS is eating into DS sales and making even $10 games look "expensive" (good $.99 apps are smaller but have updates/new content which makes them seem like amazing deals). 3D was a foolish key-feature to tout in their new handheld, they should have copied Apple's AppStore (which they tried to do with the DSi but it compares poorly). Note: I said iOS, not iPhone. The competitor to the DS is the iPod Touch (all my friends kids' of about 7y+ have one now - 4 years ago it was DS/PS3/Wii). The last kid-friendly home party, the kids weren't crowded around a Wii/PS3 like years before, but an iPad. Check out their stock price over the past 5 years: http://www.google.com//finance?chdnp=1&chdd=1&chds=1... Their precipitous decline (and lack of recovery) pretty much coincides with the debut of the Apple App Store (mid-2008). Nintendo even recognizes the fact: http://www.businessinsider.com/nintendo-execs-admit-apple-is... Well to be honest, what are the choices FOR Windows (this applies to Facebook as well): 1) It's ubiquitous so it's not like a statement that you like windows. 2) Main competitor is Apple/OSX which has always required a hardware upgrade/switch as the OS doesn't install on Win boxes. 3) PC manufacturers are operating on razor thin margins, so any joy you might get from the hardware is often minimal due to low quality parts... you have to be an enthusiast to have a decent experience or pay as much as the Mac users do. Microsoft is a victim of it's own success... they forgot they actually have customers (not just consumers, businesses) and became arrogant. DELETE FROM? Try TRUNCATE TABLE CUSTOMER ... that one skips the transaction log too, no ROLLBACK possible. Touch for mobile, however, avoids the screen-mess problem, as cleaning the screen is as simple as putting it in your pocket/holster (assuming you have a oleophobic screen or screen-protector) or wiping across your sleeve/pants. For those who think that HTML/CSS/JS will replace native apps, just take a look at Microsoft, Apple and Google (yes, Google - no thanks for ditching the open standard h264 on Chrome). Standards, when they threaten to disrupt existing powerful players, will be ignored, delayed or sabotaged. Thus innovation that requires standards-based clients even with nimble outfits like Apple, Google, Mozilla, and Facebook pushing the envelope, will take much longer than with a cohesive, well-driven native app platform. You can have dev-environment scripts that accidentally point to a production instance. If you think Alan Kay had any vision and market sense whatsoever, you might have guessed they'd do well (this was the day before the iPad was to be released): http://gigaom.com/2010/01/26/alan-kay-with-the-tablet-apple-... > I think that someone may have lied to you when they explained the words "open" or "standard". h.264 is not royalty free, but it is open and a standard (from Ars: http://arstechnica.com/web/news/2011/01/googles-dropping-h26... ) "In the traditional sense, H.264 is an open standard. That is to say, it was a standard designed by a range of domain experts from across the industry, working to the remit of a standards organization. In fact, two standards organizations were involved: ISO and ITU. The specification was devised collaboratively, with its final ratification dependent on the agreement of the individuals, corporations, and national standards bodies that variously make up ISO and ITU. This makes H.264 an open standard in the same way as, for example, JPEG still images, or the C++ programming language, or the ISO 9660 filesystem used on CD-ROMs. H.264 is unambiguously open." Considering there is no standard "valuation" except what the content owner says it is, that entire clause is useless. Any stream can likely be valued over $2500 by some shady accounting. Copyright infringement should a civil issue, not a criminal one. The Corporatocracy is here. Ok, so what happened to the simputer? Apparently the project is considered a failure after releasing only thousands of the devices. Tack onto that the failure of XO/OLPC, and you have all these successive efforts to get cheap computing devices in the hands of children, hoping like magic, the device will herald a transformation of education in rural villages. Will an android tablet succeed where the others failed? Unless we know why the other projects failed, I don't see why this one would succeed. Of course, botnets or LOIC would completely bypass this defense... Great. IMF is warning global governments that "austerity" is needed. Is this surprising that Dominique Strauss-Kahn (a front-runner for the socialist party nomination in France) having resigned from IMF, and now the IMF is tacking to the right on austerity? The root cause isn't government budgets but the banksters who caused all the problems with shady ratings and shell-games masking bad debts as AAA rated investments. They got off scot-free and now are shaking down the governments asking for more money... at some point, this is likely to cause a world economic implosion. > This is basically like having no law at all, only instead of a central ruler we distribute it out to thousands of various prosecutors (and their associated political parties.) Isn't that the central basis for the Prison-Industrial-Judicial Complex? ie, law enforcement, judges, lawmakers, and all the companies and servicers who profit from increased incarceration rates? Bingo. The MAFIAA wants to criminalize any sharing of content unless they stamp it with their blessing. This law basically kills youtube and ad-supported blogging. I'm surprised Google isn't all up in arms over this, two potential sources of revenue are greatly impacted by this legislation. Anytime I see "Is X the Y killer" it's no. Can we please have better link titles? Somewhat concerning: "What looks like a real pageview from a modern browser might be a browser downloading your page resources in the background before possibly being presented to an actual visitor. Websites that care about separating eyeballs from machines should add new JavaScript to their pages to create awareness of the current loading state." So won't this be confusing, as non-discriminating sites choose to inflate their page views by ignoring whether those were prefetches or real loads? And what about ads? Reduction of equity stake after negotiated compensation just reeks of pure theft. So what are good employees supposed to do? Doubtless the ones who did not get diluted were the big money while the workers get shafted (as usual). Kleptocracy at it's finest. Liability issues are the first thing I thought of when I read this idea. With the small market of dietary-limited and the complete exposure this puts on the restaurant (open to both litigation and copycats), why would any restaurant go for this? When the filters themselves aren't transparent, it is a major issue. I would gladly prefer a "pre-filtered" list, as long as I could tweak it. For example, if I'm searching for viewpoints that don't correspond with my political views, it'd be nice to be able to find those by disabling the "political bent" filter based on personalization. To not do so is to constantly wear rose-tinted glasses... pleasant, but ultimately, dangerous. This is also what I noticed immediately. A smile goes a long way to determining "beauty". Perhaps this is because a smile indicates a positive/friendly demeanor? I always had the best impression of women with whom I worked/studied with were the ones who were warm to me. Perhaps beauty does come from the inside? $86k in many places (say NYC or SFBay) is (just below) a living wage. Must all do-gooders be penniless? So you're really looking for a netbook and you decided (wisely) not to choose the iPad? The real slam here is that there is any such thing as the "tablet" market. There's an iPad market, the netbook market, smartphone market, and PC market. Trying to make something that addresses all of these poorly is a bad idea. Windows TabletPCs never really caught on, and as you mention, an ARM-based android "netbook" kills it for the target market. Android tablets suffer from an app deficiency and still-maturing OS, not to mention, they are addressing the iPad's native market (if they switched gears, took netbooks head-on like the Asus Transformer they would probably have better results). And the prison-industrial-complex smiles and takes our tax dollars while actively lobbying against health insurance reform and medicare expansion. Felons get medical security while we get "austerity". This is a twisted world in which we live. Are you talking about Medicare or Medicaid (ie, single-payer insurance) or Veteran's Administration (ie, government-run healthcare)? Both are fiscally solid for decades, and yet are under attack by those who would profit from their demise. Not only are we not getting closer to universal health care (or even insurance) but recent news indicates there is majority political support (note: not the majority of public) for some form of medicare/medicaid reduction. Coincident with the debut of admin-less ChromeFrame support, this makes sense. DSL FTW? The article/presentation seems to imply the benefit of domain-specific languages for capturing the software requirements (which is what Alexander's "Pattern Languages" sounds like to me). How to properly create and re-use DSLs sounds very much like an artform to me... I think silo formation is pretty much "how business operates" when it's not forced to be super efficient. It benefits certain types of middle management (who are interested in fiefdom building), and allows for "metrics" so that "workforce improvement" can be sold upwards to incompetent or distracted upper management. Generalists are also hard to hire and manage (it takes another generalist to detect bullshit... and there's always the tendency for the manager to hire folks less talented than him/her self). I say this from years as a specialist (software) now doing more generalist work... the only thing I don't like is that I get less stuff done on any given angle, but I do get to look at (and own) the whole picture now. You need a sample visualization for effect before you ask folks to provide their own. So you're calling the Nook Color a tablet? I'm not sure that's a fair representation of the device... it's cheap, a decent e-reader, and hackable to run at least Froyo (from last I checked). In comparing the e-reader to the tablet, the Nook does indeed blur the lines, but it's resistive touch and e-ink display combined with hackery to run a full touch OS means it's really in a league all it's own. Perhaps this is the recipe to success for the upstarts. Ignore the "X market" as that means X is commoditized. Differentiate by seeing the pricing and/or vision gap and dive into it deftly. A footnote: comparing "shipped" vs. "sold" numbers is a bit facile. Lots of difference there. It'd be nice to see definitive "sold" B&N details, but they're not sharing. Not sure about others, but I don't always use Firefox on all my systems (some don't even have it installed). 1Password has abstracted the browser away from me, so I can use Chrome, FF, or Safari with ease on Win or Mac. Dropbox integration seemed nice, but I'm now strongly considering moving my keychain to a different service. I can understand not wanting an iPad, but why limit yourself to Android? > W7 + OneNote would make a very nice (and expensive) electronic notebook if the tablet was thin and had decent battery life. Hasn't this existed for years (TabletPC) running Windows (well except the thin and decent battery life part)? Why haven't you gotten one already? > Even though MtGox never stated they'd interfere, being hacked is unexpected enough to allow some leeway What of the repeated security warnings and downplaying by MtGox mentioned by the author of this post? At some point it becomes willful ignorance, which usually leads to bad outcomes. They're annoying because similar to modal windows, they elicit action (( Welcome Back user! click to reload window->[x])) and it seems they require me to reload my page every time I return due to the use of OpenID (ppl ask why it's cumbersome? here's why... and stackoverflow has the best OpenID implementation I've used) 1.5% seems very nice. Who's your bank? Yes, sadly FoxPro died when it was acquired by Microsoft. Bullshit. The refutation of this would be titled something like: "Team smartness doesn't rely on sex of individuals". That's not a "Thing you can't say". If they had, they might have gotten more money from MS (or been purchased outright)... as it stands, Nokia feels "non-exclusive" was worth something to them, and I would tend to agree with what I've seen of the N9 and it's version of Meego. "For obvious reasons, you can't watch movies while the car is in motion. You can, however, listen to the audio. And you can watch on the MMI display whenever the vehicle is stopped, even if it's just for a moment." Why is this even a feature? Wouldn't it make more sense to just pause the audio and video and black out the screen when the car is in motion? Combined with a good backup policy (you can setup your iPhone to backup each sync), this would be workable. While this looks really awesome in webkit browsers, why not add the -moz-box-shadow and other -moz CSS3 properties also? (non-mozilla browsers should ignore them) Great work, they look very nice. Are you implying Elop is still "working for Microsoft"? Yii has borrowed a lot from Rails, and slightly improved AR with RelationalActiveRecord. Of course, it's still PHP, with all of the said inconsistencies. Man, if this was down the peninsula or south bay, I'd be all over it. DRM-free and watermarked is definitely a great way to keep the honest folks honest while allowing interoperability and usability of the content. This sounds like great news for readers. Having a contract validation test would be a worthy exercise for the party who didn't write the contract. This sounds like a great service opportunity for startup/employee contract lawyers... if contracts are like code, then a parser (or maybe legal code pretty-printer) could easily allow a skilled professional to sift through code. Even easier if the contract is standard for a large company. Any lawyers here care to pick my idea apart? This sounds not only terrible but retributive. Did you know this would end this way? Had to go look this one up just to find out the pros/cons of graph databases vs. SQL and other NoSQL databases. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graph_database It'd be nice if the information presented here would eventually merge with the wikipedia entry. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_job When I worked in Pleasanton, I found it amusing that my coworkers considered it part of Silicon Valley. Also San Jose has called itself in the past "the capitol of Silicon Valley". Perhaps they felt Silicon Valley was a SF bay area mindset rather than a specific geographic location. I would be very suprised if Andreesen Horowitz would be ingnorant of this - most likely that would indicate that they're inept in some way. That leaves complicity. They did make millions (50M?) in a very short period. I'm pretty sure it's dependent on the a) lawyer's rate and b) complexity of the contract. I sure as hell hope they can't ask for certain positions/characters of my password, as that would imply a non one-way function (ie, hash) applied to the password stored on their servers. LulzSec has proven why this might be very bad. They do this frequently in french suburbs (at least the ones I've visited near Tours) Exactly. I immediately thought it's an artifact of our base-10 system. What about base-e? Regarding your indexing issue, have you tried SOLR (Lucene powered)? I ran the Blaze VMWare appliance [1], and it worked great for small collection of text-based pdfs. [1] http://susegallery.com/a/Kr7Ayv/blaze-appliance-for-solr The best part about SA is the commenters usually call a flamebait article what it is. Most commenters are at least somewhat knowledgeable about trading, you can easily tell cull the wheat from the chaff. Just deleting photos without a proper explanation of why you did so leaves a very bad taste in the mouth. I can see why people would be bitter... FB just deleted their photos because their upload method was "wrong". If they said there was no possible way to examine the situation, or that they would restore your photos if you waded through an indemnification click-through, then OK, I can understand. But just deleting the photos with no warning or even notification? Separate browsers, or separate profiles (namely Firefox profiles). An app-specific browser like MozillaPrizm/Fluid/etc might be your best bet, just create specific apps for each user/session. btw, I generally use 2 google profiles (google-apps vs. google) and they coexist in one browser for me. The concept of fluid multi-identity in any device or OS has long been difficult to manage, and I don't think it's done well on any UI-based system. I love it. Large buttons, low complexity, pre-eminent search input. Similar to how jQueryUI themes look. So this is basically more evidence that government regulation does work (when it's not captured - oil and nuke reg agencies are horribly corrupt). If there's anything that all folks of political bent should agree on, it should be greater transparency where government and business (ie, moneyed interests) interact - otherwise you get the mess that is the US government "regulation" efforts. Wait, but Facebook credits are virtual currency that are leveraged by Zynga. Without a "farmville" styled killer app, Friendster isn't going very far. I'd really question the "extremely low" part. Animals are at least an order of magnitude more expensive in pure energy inputs to successfully grow than veggies (this becomes apparent if you compare land usage between the two purely in solar wattage). Your hyperbole can be deflated with a single argument. Google embraces "free" while both Microsoft and Wal*Mart do not. You mean no google replacement translation API? What about bing or mygengo or wordlingo? It's not really that complex. Due to the 2nd law of thermodynamics (entropy), you will never get more back than you put in (in fact, you'll never even break even). Larger investments of energy for less food = higher energy cost for food. update: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EROEI It looks as though it's less "regulation" rather than regulatory capture and lack of transparency. Why can't CA DFI actually state and publish the rules which would guarantee licensing? Amazon does the web front for Target, and this is a solved problem (it is a PITA, but not intractable). I'd greatly appreciate one at rajseshadri@gmail.com Wow, fast, thanks! Looks like this is the only pram you can buy right now: http://www.google.com/search?q=pram&tbm=shop Not like it couldn't. Just like Apple, they have a v1 product that's really good at what it does. v2 will do even more. LinkedIn is a goldmine for recruiters and hiring managers. Hell I used it back in 06 to do reference checks on independent contractors using my network for a small-group CRM project. I think Google's real goal with + is to fight Facebook in social searching. The fact that it's a different form of social network (more refined imho) and has new features (hangouts, circles) is bonus. Google's bottom-line success with + will be the mitigation of the Facebook social search threat... anything else is gravy. iMessage will exist on iPod Touch and iPads. It's not going to directly compete vs. RIM's strength, but it's still a big threat... once iMessage exists, the sword of damacles is over RIM's head. by "Places" do you mean "chatroom"? Because that's a concept that's been around for a long time. I think Google will allow for sharing of circles soon. Are we sure that these large objects aren't being "lensed" into looking further than they are? Isn't the third possibility that these quasars are illusory? I'll say one thing about Circles... Google doesn't really have any social users yet. Facebook, to implement Circles as it exists in Google now, will have to retrain their users . Not an easy feat. The concept of a quick pivot to add new features or markets is silly. If your users expect you to do it the old way, you'll face a long uphill battle. I second this opinion. My experience has been, when I post to stackoverflow, it forces me to explain the problem as clearly as possible to someone else. In doing so, I have sometimes found the solution in the code or a level of abstraction higher/lower. Even when I post, if it's not quickly solved and gets very few hits, at least I justify the problem as being non-trivial... this is also useful in determining cost/benefit of even solving the problem (perhaps it's better to spend your time on other things). Until and unless I see clear signs of Mozilla behaving at Google's behest, I'm not going to worry. Google wants strong competition in spaces where they don't make money (in fact this is how all well-run corporations operate)... so throwing some pocket change at one of their "competitors" in the browser space is very good for their business (it keeps other competitors like Microsoft busy). Google even mentioned (I remember this from 2003 or so) they want competition in their profitable areas (search) since being a monopoly is a) soul-damaging and b) invites government regulation. Zuck won't end it, at least until their IPO, as Zynga is a drug that keeps folks coming back to Facebook. If there are signs that Facebook is concocting their own game-crack, then yes, Zynga better worry. I'm not sure of the prime uses, but the example case is pretty interesting... list management in 10 lines of code. Doing similar in PHP/Ruby would take a lot more LOC. I'm not clear on how bandicoot handles durable persistence (ie, integration with SQL/NoSQL datastores), or if it is intended to replace them. All in all, very interesting. Hangouts? It's not like they didn't market that as feature #1 or #2. Wow, Google+ really got the timing right. Facebook looks to me like they're on the defensive... if FB aren't directly reacting to Google+, I hope they've had time to get the kinks worked out. This is getting very interesting. I'm pretty sure the content guys want there to be more competition in the channel-delivery space... even with acquisition, I think Hulu will survive as it exists, if not get better. > As for Facebook having the kinks worked out - with the better part of a billion users they've got the big one solved. Not sure where you're going here... Facebook and video chat aren't synonymous, so how does having millions of users mean they're going to get it right? > Google was forced to do something quickly before they were ready Can you explain why you think Google+ isn't ready? What's "broken"? That's what's so good about Google+ right now (and why it's so interesting)... there is a lot of potential. There are also rough edges (updating circles while trying to share something requires a page reload for me. ick). Google is back in a big way, and it's exciting. I know a bunch of non-techie xkcd fans that don't fit the tech geek stereotype. They tend to be nerds (ie, lawyers, biotech researchers,, etc). They also tend to be young. xkcd is surprisingly accessible to folks who are brainy (more folks than you realize). I do think it's possible G+ will end up having farmville (google has done business IIRC with Zynga before). However, if it shows up like on Facebook, I (and others) will likely leave G+ for that reason alone. Google shouldn't try to "beat" Facebook (and I don't think they are trying to). Differentiation is key, since Google really makes it's money elsewhere. The rules of the game don't apply in the same way when you're the game-master :-) It's entirely fair, as these are the best options present on these two top mobile OS. Since there is no idea if Apple will hold up the Google+ app like they did with Google Voice app, a side-by-side comparison of apps may never occur. There is a clear difference between Gruber and a "news site" which embeds links. I follow Gruber on RSS, and 90% of the feed items, clicking on the RSS header takes me directly to the attributed article. No landing page with ads or ability to mis-attribute the target. Very few other feeds behave this way. Law requires changes to policy to be notified, but doesn't require diffs. Diffs would be very nice, as would some way of tracking those changes over time. Opportunity for useful service? There's nothing stopping you from having both. With a decent IMAP or exchange client, you can easily browse multiple mailboxes. In fact, multiple emails is probably the best reason to use a non-browser app for email. Begun, the social wars have! If Reader were integrated heavily into G+, I would not complain one bit (more likely, I would push more and more of my tweeting into G+ shares). Bingo. Thus the people wondering if Google isn't a bigger threat to Twitter than Facebook. The real issue for Facebook is that, if Google+ is successful (my feel is that it's a strategic fire-break to stop Facebook's possible domination of social search), it limits the ways Facebook can additionally monetize their social network. Google+ doesn't need to fail for Facebook to survive, but it does hem in their possible revenue growth. Now twitter... Even more ironic, the guy who did that study was later hired by Facebook. I honestly think Zuck either figured that a) Google was incompetent/unwilling to challenge them or b) Google be damned, Facebook will make much more money with the public-by-default, privacy-optional approach to sharing. Perhaps the blindsiding was the promotion of Page to CEO and subsequent mobilization of Google's developer army? That is a killer integration feature. I wonder how this works... Hasn't google already taken a huge step towards this with their +1 initiative (which is obviously tied to G+)? With Google's velocity, I think they're probably going to get to "social search" first (good luck to Blekko, but reliance on FB is not going to scale - especially when FB looks to monetize - social search is their meal ticket). Despite my dislike for Zuckerberg, that's a bit disingenuous. I honestly think that Google+ is a direct result of Page's ascendancy, and this was unexpected to outsiders. > I do not see a wave of Facebook users moving to G+. It just isn't gonna happen. “We’ve learned and struggled for a few years here figuring out how to make a decent phone,” he said. “PC guys are not going to just figure this out. They’re not going to just walk in.” [1] - Palm CEO Ed Colligan, 2006 [1] http://daringfireball.net/2006/11/colligan_head_stuck I know Apple doesn't publicly like the jailbreak community, but I can't seem to think they don't really mind it (well other than the security egg-on-face). From a product standpoint, apps are features/content (specifically, multiple thousands of little features) for Apple's devices. The App Store is the default, curated way to get apps for iOS. However, having Cydia around hardly devalues the App Store or it's apps. Kind of like Microsoft's (and Adobe's) views on piracy for the expansion and domination of Windows (and Photoshop/CS)... With the recently updated jailbreak.me, I just jailbroke and installed Grooveshark for my iPhone just now. Grooveshark should make a major marketing push given the current jailbreak window. I like G+, but I'm glad this exists (just like Faceblocker or Click2Flash). Does anyone besides Guidewire use Gosu? Presentations are an important skill of a CEO. Playing bridge is not. I do agree, however, that the constant comparison of folks like Zuckerberg (or Page) to Jobs is asinine... different leaders with different strengths and different companies with different goals. This is a static view of a dynamic situation that can often result in a feedback loop. Have patents but losing your monthly revenue? Why not sue others to keep your stock price afloat (instead of innovating your business or products) The mere act of having such legal armaments creates a moral hazard. Hand-over-hand is a well-known learning technique for children and learning-disabled folks as well as it emphasizes muscle memory. Glad that OSX Lion will do away with the need for this annoying "feature" completely. I've got my parents using Spotlight and they just dump files into the Documents folder. They are much happier with find>file than doing the browse>navigate.>.>.>file. If they never had to select to save files to begin with, it would be even easier.