Does Coin have a future business model given the introduction of EMV? Did Fitbit just waste money buying them? Handguns. It's sad. I wish Microsoft had improved and advanced GDI instead of starting anew with WPF (now Jupiter) such that we had a 2D UI toolkit suitable for the modern world instead of multiple competing, but only partially overlapping, frameworks (e.g. WPF is useless if you're doing native C++ and, but GDI lacks intuitive modern graphics features). What strikes me is how Microsoft removed 2D hardware acceleration from GDI+ in Vista (wrecking performance, hence the shitty XOR operation framerate) and then introduced Direct2D without providing a clear upgrade path for developers. What also sucks is that GDI and Win32 are so heavily intertwined it means that other frameworks (like WPF, Direct2D, etc) cannot integrate as well. When a new UI framework comes out, my test is: "Can Adobe build the next version of Photoshop with this?". WinForms and WPF failed the test because they can only be run from within .NET applications. I was hopefull for Direct2D, but D2D is only a drawing API, there are no native widgets. XAML with C++ is nice in Windows 10, but I understand your application must run in the sandbox (for better and for worse) and when you use Win10 XAML you cannot use any UI code that uses any of the old-world code (e.g. Photoshop plugins). I'm also concerned that XAML prevents you from getting lower-level control over hardware (e.g. Deep-color support, hosting low-latency OpenGL contexts, etc). The sandbox requirement itself kills it for a lot of applications anyway. Today, if you're writing a C/C++ program for Windows that needs to display a native Windows checkbox on screen (i.e. the Common Controls library or the raw Checkbox window class), and you want to customise how that checkbox is rendered, then you're still stuck with GDI - the WM_Paint message gives you access to s GDI device context in RAM - so you have to jump through hoops to use it with another 2D library or widget toolkit. How do I get an opaque handle to the window's texture surface in VRAM for ultra-fast painting or low-level control? About six years ago I pretty-much single handedly wrote the entire backend for http://www.ComedyCalls.com and other sites like http://www.WakeUpDialer.com , http://www.CallMyLostPhone.com , http://www.BirthdayDialer.com , and others - see the links in the footer. The PSTN system is all in-house (and we pay a LOT less per-call than what Twilio, for example, charges). I have a 25% stake in the company - but I don't get much money myself, less than $1000/mo on average. This is because of our thin margins, and because my other business partners own the other 75% (50% is owned by the founder who created the sites back in 2008 using cheap outsourced labour that I was brought in to rewrite) and the other 25% is owned by another person for historical reasons. Furthermore because none of us spend much time on it anymore - or get much money from it - we're all very hesitant to spend money on marketing or advertising (we got marketing quotes starting at $5000/mo - and my co-owners are unconvinced that advertising would help at all), hence the impasse. We do plan to create some new additional sites and services that have higher margins, including launching a "Twilio-lite"-like API which would offer much less functionality (as our backend is not as sophisticated as theirs) but would also cost less per-call. But that, too, would require marketing to get the word out. If anyone here is a VC or is otherwise interested in investing for marketing, or is a marketing expert yourself, or interested in using our system - we'd be happy to talk a deal. We did sell one of our older sites to a web publishing company a few years ago that went for almost a six-figure value - but unfortunately for me, that was after I wrote the entire stack, but before I was granted part-ownership (so I was just paid for my time: 3 hours to set a clone of the system up on the buyer's infrastructure). One of my "rivals" - the creator of WakeUp.io posted his site to last month's "Show HN" thread, now it's my turn :) You don't need to for most open-source software. You are free to take any GPLv2 software, modify it and host it on your own servers and charge a usage fee, all without publicly releasing your changes - it's an unforeseen catch in certain open-source licenses that only requires source release if the customer can get their hands on the binaries - if it's accessed through a browser or over the network then they lose that privilege. "but because we made the search while Excel was opened, the function was auto-populated in the highlighted cell." - which version of Excel was this? The desktop version (2010, 2013, 2016?) or the XAML version? I'd be surprised if Cortana integrated with the desktop version, considering Office doesn't run in Windows 10's sandbox model, and Microsoft is only allowing sandboxed apps access to the cooler features of Win10. He's not saying it can't be done - but that it has serious economic and safety hazards that have not yet been addressed. My theory for that is different construction materials: cars built in the 1970s and 1980s become rust-buckets quite easily - but cars built after the mid-1990s use considerably better bodywork materials that don't need specialist care to maintain, especially a lot more plastic. I drive a 2013 Ford Focus and the entire front assembly is plastic - no way that's going to rust or corrode. I'm almost looking forward to selling it for a good price after the warranty expires. The name given to the semesterly release of Windows that came out a couple of weeks ago. Previously code-named "Windows Redstone". And Windows 8.1 was effectively SP1 there too, which added back the start button and other features. If there's anything Microsoft is consistent about, it's inconsistency. There's a lot of bad job ads crammed with keywords. One amusing ad I saw in my local Craigslist was advertising for an entry-level web-design gig. "Requirements: Working knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript and C/C++". Tell them I'll do it for entry-level wages if they throw in a healthy amount of stock/equity :) Modern browser extensions are written in JavaScript, making them portable, verifiable, and easily sandboxed - not something you get with an executable binary blob that until very recently ran in the same permission context as the local user - which on Win9x through XP meant root. Handily (and amusingly), Microsoft's Edge extension API is designed to be compatible with Chrome's - I understand there's a degree of mutual-intelligibility with Firefix too. And aggressive caching just makes sense - consider people today with 10+ Chrome Windows open, all with 50+ tabs each - not even 10 years ago IE6 still ruled supreme - with one document per window. And even then machines had similar orders-of-magnitude of RAM as they do today - my 2006 rig had 4GB of RAM (XPx64) my current machine has 4 times that. When I was at Microsoft (DevDiv) we used AD, Forefront Identity Manager and an internal webapp called RAMweb to request to join controlled groups. Them being Microsoft everything was in-house, though I did work on a team that did use some external resources - we traded passwords on an ad-hoc basis - "trusted" SharePoint pages or shared OneNote documents mostly - but this was never anything sensitive - think: accounts for sites like HackerRank or Lynda. All of the startups I've been at use LastPass Enterprise, it works well. Java and JavaScript do the opposite: null values are represented by the string "null" ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24591212/why-the-coercion... ) - it's conceivable many programs processing strings would assume "null" in a string comes from a null value originally. I'd have thought road-marking interpretation would nowadays be based on something more elaborate, such as HOG, without the need for an initial edge-detection pass. (But in this case, I'll add that HOG doesn't solve the problem of overlapping old/new road markings) Surely something like the Windows app packaging / sandbox model would be implemented in userland - how the heck could it possibly BSOD a machine? That's just astounding. Uuuuhhhh. There are plenty of games that came out even 10 years ago that ostensibly have the "Designed for Windows XP" (even Vista) badges but that which refuse to run on Windows 10. Often it's to do with how they do graphics, which is a shame, because sandboxing like this is a great way to allow graphics to be shimmed. It isn't. All four OSes share the same kernel and many userland components, just the "shell" is different. I don't understand how this leads to a root exploit - I assume c-ares is running in userland inside a user's host process (a web-browser) - or if there is a systemwide daemon for DNS or other network services hosting c-ares then it should run under limited privilege. Which component is already running at root that allows this to happen? Historically "Chrome" refers to the shell of a web-browser that wraps the layout engine. Both Netscape and Microsoft used the word (internally at least) for this effect, while later Google would co-opt the term entirely for their product name. But yes, Firefox's user-stylesheet for XUL is called 'chrome.css' (or 'userchrome.css', I forget). Still no cure for VBA though. Hah! Your first paragraph makes me wish this site supported Markdown. I'm curious what the use case of memcpy is in highly-optimised software. Are there any scenarios where copying bytes is better than using a char*+length tuple? Microsoft didn't want to spook Intel too hard, that, and they wanted to motivate developers to buy into the sandbox "Store App" environment. So long as Win32 worked, why bother putting effort into designing an app specifically for Windows RT/8? There's another reason for Microsoft to allow full ARM development with the NT OS: Windows CE is dead, and I believe many IOT/Embedded shops might be too put off with other embedded systems - and/or don't want to rewrite their ATM UIs or Factory robot arm controllers (both historically the realm of WinCE) as Android apps or "Windows IOT" UWP apps. So saying "Windows 10 now also replaces Windows CE" is a good thing, especially given the relative ease of porting Win32/CE code to the full-fat Win32/NT implementation. I think this will only be news if we hear them announce unlocked ARM for all phones and tablets. It's still possible unlocked ARM is entirely up to the discretion of the OEM, not the user. That chart says that "PC games" amount for maybe $2-4bn in revenue in 2014 compared to console games' $20bn - that order-of-magnitude difference doesn't sit well with me at all. Where's the source data for this chart? I find it hard to believe that mobile games generate 5x more revenue than PC games. Wolfenstein 3D predates the Gameboy Color by six years (1992 and 1998 respectively), and was officially ported to the SNES in 1994, the Gameboy's contemporary TV video gaming console, so this isn't retrofutristic at all. On the contrary, because it has a low perceived value they make up for it with volume. Look at how Uber throws insanely high paper-valued equity to its hires. Similarly when I worked for a startup I was promised almost a full percent of a company they expected to grow to a hundred-million dollar valuation. $1m for a year's work? Can't go wrong with that. (Side note: I didn't get the equity as I was conveniently laid-off a few days before my cliff vesting date. Lovely...) They're still in submarine mode, though with fewer employees there now than when I was there. They have enough VC funding to last them a couple of years of zero revenue, though a friend of mine who is still there says they've secured a couple of high-profile business deals. That's all I know. The founder has a good track record - though I think he's looking to sell it before it gets that big. My friend there thinks whatever stock options he has will simply be diluted by equity sales during future investment rounds anyway. Sorry, yes, it was to vest over 4 years, but extra stock would be added annually - so after 4 years my equity might be $4m cumulative, which is $1m/yr on average. When seeking unvested equity matching, what kind of evidence does the hiring company typically seek to verify your request - or do they just take you by your word? I wonder if I could apply to Google or Facebook and claim I have $2m of unvested equity from an unnamed startup... So is that why companies issue options instead of direct equity because it spares the employees the hassle of dealing with actual ownership issues (K-1s, additional taxes, etc)? The problem with looking at just salary is that salaries all tend to cap out (in my area, Seattle, you'll be hard pressed to find anything above $160k, when you get to that point compensation really starts to skew in favour of equity - especially as RSUs or Options - sometimes an order of magnitude greater than salary (e.g. "Partner"-level rank at Microsoft is easily $1m/yr in RSUs, but only about $200k/yr in salary. To an extent... but their swansong vision of portable OPENSTEP was quickly shut down by Apple, which is a crying shame because if OPENSTEP was still around it would be keeping Microsoft competitive on the desktop front - instead of today's languished desktop developer story which remains frozen in 1998 (for Win32) or 2005 (for .NET). Now that Swift is open-sourced, I wonder if we'll see a good Cocoa port to Win32 and Linux - because that would be NEXTSTEP's legacy. Apple pretty much said that Cocoa would be the basis for all future work they do on Mac OS X since 2001, and they've continually improved it, such as adding new widgets, adding functionality to existing widgets, high-DPI support, and so on. I see there's a lot of DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) going on: there is only one GUI platform and UI toolkit for macOS: Cocoa. While the groundwork isn't new it is kept up-to-date. Compared to Windows where the "original" widget-toolkit (Window classes and the Common Control library) haven't been significantly updated since Windows XP - Wndows 7 did add some new controls, but they aren't exactly easy to use unless you're already a very experienced C++ Win32 GUI developer. The old low-entry-barrier dev story was VB6, which had a mix of Common Controls and ActiveX reimplementations, then it moved over to VB.NET and WinForms, which is a wrapper around the same - but the last significant update to WinForms was in .NET 2.0 in 2005 - Microsoft recently announced that they would not be adding true high-DPI support to WinForms, advising desktop app developers to use WPF or UWP instead - and therein lies a problem: WPF and UWP are both completely separate UI and application stacks. WPF is not perfect and like WinForms, hasn't seen much of an update for a while (it still runs on DirectX 9) and UWP is just confusing: it's arbitrarily limited to only run in a restricted sandbox environment, the standard widget library is very anemic (e.g. still no tree-view!) and it shares nothing in common with the rest of the entire Windows ecosystem. If you want to write a "real" Win32 desktop application you're best-off sticking with MFC, but there's so much legwork that's necessary, and legacy cruft (I swear the MFC codebase is still C++89 compatible) it just doesn't make sense for small applications, especially line-of-business systems that face constant changes, to be built with it. Compare with Cocoa on macOS where everything: from Microsoft Office and Adobe Photoshop, to the built-in Jigsaw Puzzle mini-game, is all built with the same framework. > I think be the end of the desktop paradigm. Think about how today's businesses generally use their employees: let's not beat about the bush: they're using Microsoft Office for producing documents and spreadsheets, doing research with Chrome, and (if applicable) creating business value using either line-of-business software ("Bob's Car Repair shop database in MS Access") or specialised content-creation software (Photoshop, AutoCAD). None of those use-cases can be fulfilled by recent interaction paradigms (i.e. smartphones, tablets, or voice-control). VR's useful for visualisation, but that's a very limited use-case, and VR has been used for architectural and civil-engineering visualization for decades anyway (e.g. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2CYLlSn1gA ). Granted, when considering an iPad paired with a keyboard - we see some of those use-cases become almost workable again (namely word-processing), but it's essentially the same thing as a traditional laptop - just with considerably more painful precision object manipulation due to the lack of a mouse cursor. I feel the biggest paradigm-shift over the past 10 years is the movement of database business applications away from Access, VB6, Delphi, etc to be web-applications, usually hosted locally, and more recently to being moved to multi-tenancy, subscription-based services ("the cloud") - this has now become acceptable to businesses: the trade-off of no-longer being in exclusive control of their data is increased uptime, reliability, and significantly reduced start-up and (usually) running costs - and being browser-based this has meant a shift away from WIMP - where an activity is contained within a small-ish, often fixed-size, "window", to a "page", which has its own interaction model (e.g. no more modal windows because you can always open a new browser tab). The next iteration of human/computer interaction we'll see that impacts our (society's) actual working lives will be something that enables me to be more expressive without resigning any degree of control over what I produce - and right now nothing does that better than a large display which lets me interact with multiple applications simultaneously, a keyboard with which I can enter commands or prose almost as quickly as I can think it (with a very low error ratio too), and a mouse for quick, precise, (gorilla-arm-syndrome-free) content/command selection. Until something comes along that enables me to be more productive for my employer the desktop interaction model will still reign. "Media" is still too vague. I would be blunt and say "Flash-like content authoring tool for HTML5" or "HTML5 Interactive Animation Editor". I believe the aim was not to repatriate cash, but to help tackle corruption in India, which is endemic, and often takes the form of literally under-the-table cash payments to public and local officials, policemen, and the like. By eliminating high-value cash it means these illegal transactions become less practical: illegal participants must either use larger amounts of less-valuable currency (passing bricks of notes isn't exactly subtle) or use foreign currency (harder to launder). The hope is that people would find it easier just to keep things above-board because all transactions become electronic, logged, and auditable. Though I'm sure some enterprising folks will find way to electronically launder bribe money somehow - I expect a lot of people to suddenly inherit money from long-lost foreign relatives. https://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2017-01/pho-lnm01031... According to the press-release, a difference in distance of only 50m from a high-traffic road creates an observable 7% difference in dementia risk. I'd say it's very easy to both live in a city centre and live 50m away from a major road. If you're talking about a VR-type simulation where observable reality is simulated, but our consciousness resides in a 'higher' level, then yes, something like what you describe could be an example of falsifiable evidence of simulated reality. But in the case where we, ourselves reside entirely within a simulation (or whatever) then we're tied, lock-step, with the universe's time, and any jitters or pauses (even outright simulation termination) would be completely unobservable to observers within: the ants in SimAnt don't recognise when I pause the process in Task Manager. I see Dynamic SQL being used the most for custom queries that require dynamic columns, or especially, dynamic ordering. Using sprocs won't help you there as you still need Dynamic SQL under the hood. I think the best solution is something like Linq-to-Entities with manually defined order-by logic for each query (e.g. an enum defining the sort-order possibilities) or reflection-based matching, neither of which is pretty. It's cheap in Lithuania and other countries because they were was no significant prior investment in telecoms infrastructure, and the costs of deployment are generally lower too (cheaper labour, easier planning-permission) - so when it comes to deploying Internet access to a previously disconnected community it only makes sense to roll-out the bleeding-edge technology (e.g. FTTH). Whereas in the UK, BT was/is obsessed with squeezing every last drop of bandwidth from POTS connections - because the cost of upgrading everyone's last-mile connections from copper (or even aluminium in some cases) to fibre is very cost-prohibitive: look at the sheer cost the cablecos shouldered during the mass roll-out of coax in the early-1990s (and even then, it was only to boxes in the street, not houses) - I understand their near-bankruptcy from this move lead to them all coming together under NTL and Telewest, and then Virgin Media. (The only thing that is inexplicable is how even modern, brand-new housing developments still have unshielded copper last-mile connections instead of FTTH: they don't even lay conduits to make it easier for possible future FTTH... idiocy) Give the UK a few more years and there should be a mandate from above requiring FTTH and we'll see progress: maybe even 10Gig FTTH as standard, then the tables will turn and people in Lithuania will be stuck with their 1Gbps service until their next round of major infrastructure investment, potentially decades away. (I'm aware that Fibre is generally more future-proof than copper, and a high-quality fibre line that handles 1Gbps today can easily handle 10Gbps, and potentially 40Gbps or even 100Gbps in the future - so my entire argument may be moot) > There was a great moment in a previous series where Hilary Devey teased out of an applicant that they didn't own the source code for their own website. (I applied to present on Dragons Den for a robotics project I worked on as an extracurricular at uni - I pulled out when my research supervisor advised that we'd have no chance of having a demo in time) I understand the Dragons are briefed on the pitches beforehand, and I wouldn't be surprised if they sent their own legal team on the projects - who would dutifully tell them what questions they should ask to the 'contestants' on the show. ...not to say they couldn't possibly have thought of a question like that on-the-spot, on the contrary; but given how fake reality TV is in general (and the BBC is no exception) I'm not betting that what we see on screen is exactly, and only, what happens. You could use Sqlite for persistence, but a search index like Lucene for full-text searching - and Lucene runs great in constrained environments too. On Windows, there's EFS and NTFS ACLs for privacy (and BitLocker, of course). For portable encryption you can use 7-Zip with encrypted archives, and as a bonus: 7-Zip's archive manager lets you edit text files in-place (well, it does extract and recompress them when you're done, but the UX is such you don't need to mess around with file management yourself). The ROM is their copyright, so this is the same thing as someone at Universal records 'torrenting one of their artist's discographies and selling it on a DVD instead of using their own archives (though this analogy holds true only if Nintendo acquired an originally unauthorized ROM dump made by an unaffiliated third-party and simply repackaged it in the Virtual Console - it could also just be the case that Nintendo made their own ROM dump but used the same tools as the scurvy pirates, that way it would still have the same ROM file header). I'm far more interested to learn if the Virtual Console itself uses any open-source code to power the emulator - and if it means there's a potential GPL or other copyleft license violation going on - because that would be deliciously ironic for their very strong anti-(unauthorized)-emulation stance - what better endorsement than to have your own open-source emulator repurposed by Nintendo themselves? I was at Microsoft during the "great" mid-2014 layoffs when they eliminated 4/5ths of all SDETs in OSG (the Windows org). My division was one of the least affected, but not everyone was given the "musical chairs" treatment to find another job internally - seemingly that privilege was reserved only for those at the top of the "rank-and-yank" pecking order - presumably to avoid those perceived as being less-capable from taking an in-company job away from someone else being laid-off who was more desirable to retain. (I had a friend in MSFT HR at the time who confirmed that the 2014 layoffs were conducted by-algorithm and were absolutely not based on job-performance - hence why management had to resort to creative ways to retain people they wanted). Even for those who were granted the "privilege" of applying internally, it was incredibly stressful for them because now there was rampant competition for a limited number of places. The QA/SDET roles were hit the hardest because most of the open positions were exclusively SDE - and SDE hiring managers are reluctant to engage SDETs. What about the cases where the film distributors charge $x for the DVD version and $y (where $y > $x) for the BD version? - and you licensed the DVD version but played a BD torrent? Even in the cartridge days, game-devs still worked on patches and improvements for later publishing runs, so there can be many different versions of a cartridge game - and maybe the devs might have had even more recent builds of games that never got published because the publisher ended the run - so it's odd for Nintendo to go for the 'easy' route of repackaging an arbitrary version found online, compared to going through their own archives for something more recent, and presumably, of higher quality. What's an OBOE? Microsoft's vision since attaining Bill Gates' "A computer on every desk..." has been this vague pen-computing drive that just won't seem to die. The latest iteration on his is the much-hyped and never-used ink notes feature in Edge Browser (deemed more important than Chrome-compatible extensions) and the otherwise outstanding Surface Studio desktop computer. If I was a C-level at MS I'd push for "A computer in every palm, running Microsoft software" - they failed with Windows Phone but succeeded with Office 365 apps for iOS and Android. I would swallow MS' pride and release a custom Android-based OS and encourage OEMs to adopt it with favourable terms compared to Google Play's. I think that would sustain the company until the next big thing. Oh, and research in self-driving cars. Everyone else is doing it ffs! (And "Make the Windows Desktop Developer Experience Great Again(tm)!") I don't think anyone was opposed to invading Afghanistan, and the dems largely supported Iraq in 2003 (granted, the country was fed false evidence). I'd say they only turned visibly anti-war shortly after the invasion and the capture of Sadat Hussein. Do you use EF at all? I'm interested in DNX but only EFC works on DNX, not EF6, and EFC is missing so much necessary functionality (Lazy-loading, Linq joins, Complex types, etc) it's a total no-go for the projects I do that all tie-in with databases. Isn't that because .NET's TTS is just a wrapper around OS-provided TTS services? For the past couple of years, VB.NET is becoming a deprecated second-class citizen language. While VB is supported by DNX, it isn't supported by ASP.NET Core (which can run on either DNX or the full NetFx). So you might want to consider your future language decisions in light of this. I haven't. I've been "loyal" to EF since the LinqToSql days, though I did use NHibernate heavily about 10 years ago. My main draw is the quality of the tooling and the nice EDMX model designer. The other draw is Linq support for compile-time type-safe queries (which I've noticed are compiled into good SQL with less mangling than I'd expect). I am guilty of not staying on top of trends outside the MS camp. I does NHibernate now offer parity with EF? I just don't want to write SQL/HQL in strings. Walmart Labs isn't their main IT/dev division though - aren't they more like what Bell Labs was to AT&T? VLC supports skins now, so you can trick-out your VLC installation to almost look like Winamp if you put the effort in. I work in WA and there is no state-required professional certification for software engineers, so no one needs to sign-off on anything safety-critical (where no-other class of professional engineer would either, like a HIPAA/PCI compliant system as opposed to avionics engineering), and that does concern me - because I would like the opportunity to both have the skills for safety-critical work and to be recognised for it. I feel it's important now with IOT vulns and data/privacy security, and as a side-effect those jobs are often legally unexportable. "Fixed wireless" systems like microwave and other line-of-sight systems have negligible latency (and considerably less latency than DSL which never seems to go below 20ms for me) and you can theoretically get gigabit speeds, and because there's no last-mile infrastructure besides an antenna it's less expensive to set-up too. The only thing you mention that applies is limited bandwidth: such systems only work in low-population-density rural environments, it would not work in Manhattan. There needs to be more consumer education to allow them to differentiate between high-performance things like fixed-wireless compared to running their home internet off their phone's LTE connection. Funnily, my iPhone's LTE connection (according to SpeedTest) has very good latency and throughput: I get ~10ms to my nearest major city and ~30mbps downstream, sometimes my LTE upstream speed is faster than my home DOCSIS connection. Alas I can't use it as my home connection because I need a static IP address and more than a few gigabytes of data-transfer per month (more like a few terabytes...) Example 1, if we're referring to the likes of Siri and Alexa isn't thanks to improvements in personal computer technology - said platforms send your speech recording off to a massive datacenter for processing, no need for 10Ghz processors there. Example 2 requires the use of depth-sensing and heat-sensitive cameras to avoid trivial "show a photo of an authorized user" attacks - that's not really CPU-dependent either. I read that "The Machine Elves" are more associated with LSD than DMT. Perhaps they activate different parts of the brain associated with object recognition - LSD for humans and faces, and DMT for insects/reptiles as other comments have speculated - it makes me wonder what myriad other substances out there that we haven't discovered yet and what otherworldly effects they could have. "Excel and computer skills" isn't CS - it's "ICT" which does not pretend to be computer science. When ICT as part of the curriculum in the early 1990s I think the country was doing the right thing - computer skills beyond using Facebook are essential and too many people still don't understand how spreadsheets work. In the UK you can do proper Computer Science in high-school at A-Level (ages 16-18), I did it myself - I'd describe it as a somewhat cut-down version of my undergraduate computer-science degree: we did briefly cover the basics of fundamental computer architecture, formal logic and logic-gates, database theory, and software development - the problem is that very few schools actually offer the subject (like 90% of schools offer ICT at A-Level, but I reckon less than 50% offer Computer Science) - and that's due to the staffing: if you can teach Computer Science for A-Level then you're going to be qualified to work as a software developer for a multiple of a typical teacher's salary. My only real criticism of A-Level Computer Science (at least when I did it) was that schools could choose between Pascal/Delphi, VB6, and Java - my school chose VB6 - possibly the worst possible choice considering both how antiquated it was (this was in the mid-2000s so VB.NET/C# were already well-established) but also, more importantly, how it's a poor tool for computer science because VB6 lacks class inheritance and instills bad habits (e.g. SQL concatenation). When I worked at Microsoft in the US, they took part in a programme called "TEALS" where professional software engineers employed by MS and other companies (Amazon, Facebook, Google all have Seattle offices) are invited to teach high-school AP class computer science classes part time, and I understand it's proving to be quite successful. I think this system should be expanded to allow other industries to take part - I'd sure love to have given chemical engineering or architecture a try in high-school - and kids often need decent exposure to industry if they've yet to decide what they'll do at university and beyond. Yup - though all the class literature was careful to use generic names like "spreadsheet software package" instead of naming Excel. We did get some exposure to other platforms though - we were taught about the existence of Netscape Navigator in 2001 - but naturally school computer policy meant we couldn't actually install it to use it. The worst part about my school's IT classes was how we were supposed to officially document our progress by taking a screenshot of the work we did, printing it out, cutting it out with scissors and sticking it into our classbooks with PVA glue - like right out of primary school. The fact we were doing this right into Yr.10 just felt insulting - and surely a better demonstration of IT proficiency would be to maintain our work-logs in a purely electronic format? Isn't using a backwards format like (literally) pasted-in screenshots the antithesis of information technology ? POSIX compliance is important if you value portability - especially for business critical systems (e.g. you want your bank's transaction processing data to work on IBM Z/Series's UNIX, whatever Linux distro they use, and say... SunOS). My main takeaway from the article is POSIX is too antiquated and anemic as a "system API" for modern-day use - however I'm surprised the article doesn't seem to touch upon POSIX shortcomings instead being a consequence of the UNIX design philosophy - a strong personal concern of mine regards UNIX-like's future development course - should we continue to uphold "everything is a file", ioctl(), and piping text-streams as the best way to build an OS? Curiously, the article chides POSIX for lacking modern abstractions (specifically, graphics) but I disagree - POSIX would be a disaster if it included anything like OpenGL or Cairo (case-in-point: Win32 is tightly coupled with GDI and now we're paying the price by being physically unable to do deep-color graphics in Win32 without serious hacks) - I think that (to paraphrase one of the UNIX philosophies) "small APIs that do one thing and do it well" applies to POSIX (as it does process and system management, and nothing else) and it has worked. Coming from a modern Windows developer experience - I think there's a great deal to be learned from the failures of the vaporware "object-oriented operating system" concepts of the mid-1990s and how the concept has been resurrected in the form of PowerShell object-piping and WinMD today and should be explored as the next possible step in OS design at a fundamental level - not just as a shim on top as it is with Windows. That said, UNIX and GNU/Linux have always evolved in small steps - pretty much every great-leap-forward is doomed to failure or endless ideological controversy (see `systemd`) so maybe UNIX-like OSes are not the right place to test new design concepts - but some new OS will - and eventually that OS will supersede Linux in the way many people believe Rust will replace C++. Judging from my own time living in Manila I can vouch for this. The middle class has been slowly emerging since the 1980s - thanks to increased education and foreign investment - but it's still a tiny proportion of the country. I used to live in Makati and when touring the rest of the country it felt like the entire non-poor, but non-superrich were confined to just that part of Manila. (Shout out to ISM Bearcats!) The income distribution of the Philippines, like many developing economies is very uneven, which leads to great disparities between median and mean incomes. I'm not convinced that GDP is a reliable proxy for "average income" anyway. Defined-benefit pension schemes are a problem because now, with the baby-boomers retiring, we're finding that we can't afford it. Many people can expect to live to 100 - that's 35 years of retirement after 45 years of employment when their employer probably only set-aside 10-15% of an employee's income for investment in the pension when it should have been 25-30% - so now the younger generations are paying for it - by using revenue generated from their activities to pay for the defined-benefit schemes which cuts into their salaries - and making them work longer years to make up for their own contributions. COM can be said to be overly complicated (at least not as bad a CORBA). I think WinMD is a step in the right direction, but both COM and WinMD are userland constructs and neither particularly pervade the OS (e.g. you can't pipe COM objects) > and it seems we both agree that "everything is a file" as a pure ideology is very worthwhile. I don't understand that ideology - I don't believe everything can be abstracted as a file considering that ioctl() breaks that abstraction. For example, what is it to "read from /proc/{pid for Chrome}"? Would you be reading from the process' memory space? Reading from a rendered bitmap of the process' main framebuffer? Reading a human-readable text file of process metadata? If it's labelled metadata then how do you deal with UX localization? Same thing when "reading from a /dev device" which isn't a storage device, what should it mean to "read from a GPU"? Yes, there were aircraft-launched ICBMs: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air-launched_ballistic_missile > But why should a web application willingly be tied to a particular web application host? Performance. ASP.NET wasn't originally tied to IIS - the grand version (back in 2001) was to allow any application to host a website too, that's all in the `System.Web.Hosting` code - along with Cassini for lighter workloads and "IIS Hostable Core" as an analog to today's IIS Express, but that fizzled out in the late-00s only to come back as part of the post-Node trend lately. This all dates back to 10 years ago: IIS7 introduced a fully CLR-managed request lifecycle which was was aligned with ASP.NET's own lifecycle, so the reasoning goes you might as well let the two become one-and-the-same - there's no point running two separate request pipelines (the webserver's and your runtime framework's) when one will do. ...of course this was back in the day of the "fat" threaded webservers, like Apache and Netscape Server - and remember IIS took it further by adding a kernel-mode component: `HTTP.sys` to get an edge over usermode-only servers. So far I haven't seen any work on reinventing IIS for today's fast and light servers like nginx where all people want to do is serve Node.js applications. (Real) Cadbury's chocolates or Spotted Dick? Not necessarily - there can be inflation without worker's pay increases, and inflation leads to more costly credit - so someone in that situation is twice as worse-off as before. Unless you have a variable-rate mortgage, of course. Legitimate concerns, but the UK now is a much smaller fry in the global market with considerably less local production - Switzerland and Norway are both out of the EU too (EEA regulations aside) and the products they consume are th same quality - I don't see companies going out of their way to exploit any regulatory laxness in the UK - it just wouldn't be worth it. Unless Ms. May decides the only way to save the UK economy post-Brexit is to change the country to a Laissez Faire model overnight. People already create and distribute patches for Windows releases: release binary diffs (e.g. "patcher" programs) - which has the added advantage of being much smaller and easier to distribute - and that doesn't even mean you need to violate copyright law anyway. I tried tryfs.net, but the Hello World sample doesn't work in Chrome: uBlock Origin blocks some scripts, but even after disabling uBlock it still doesn't render anything to the output area, it just flashes. The valuation makes sense to me. Their userbase is hard to monetise (I'd wager a large chunk of kids aged 10 to 18 with limited purchasing power - and the adults there are definitely in the AdBlock crowd). Things like premium site subscriptions and print services will only take you so far - and now that we're post-"mainstream Internet" its growth is limited to the rate people are being born and given its anti-establishment streak I don't think the site will last long in China. So if the site is making $10m/yr profit, 3 years' revuenue and no expectations of growth means $36m is a fair price. There is a case to be had for how vertical-integration makes businesses more efficient and means there can be some cost-savings for consumers (e.g. if Comcast zero-rated their own streaming video service and included it in their customers' cable Internet fees then consumers would save $10/mo they wouldn't be paying to Netflix - in much the same way Microsoft's bundling of Internet Explorer meant no-one pays for Netscape or Opera anymore). A problem with simplifying the problem to "prioritizing traffic" when engaging with laypeople is that opponents of net-neutrality can set-up a strawman argument presenting NN as "treating gaming and porn traffic the same as vital 911 and emergency services traffic on the Internet!" (i.e. conflating NN with QoS), or arguing it's only fair that popular services pay for the extra data transfer they use (that's what peering agreements are for and is unrelated to NN), or worse: proclaiming NN will enable child pornography: https://thenextweb.com/us/2010/08/19/riaa-speaks-out-against... - we should call it what it is: anti-economic rent-seeking behavior on the part of the monopolistic audience gatekeepers. I believe NN is an example of a "good" regulation necessary to enable free markets - I'd wager the majority of genuine (non-astroturf) NN opponents take the stance in the sincere belief that Government 'interference and regulation' should not impact ISPs' internal business practices - so you should frame it as something "that enables free-markets and increases competition which is better for the consumer and industry" (and avoid the R-word) > I am struck by the arrogance of the belief that the government knows best how to regulate this market. No worse than the belief that companies, in natural monopoly , will act in the best interests of consumers either. There are many places in the world where the government does work well and in the best interests of their populations - I'm disappointed the "government is inherently bad" meme is so well-entrenched in the USA. A strange thing I've noticed about telecoms in the US is that prices never fall - instead consumers just get more value and are constantly upsold higher-value offerings - this is not a bad thing in itself, but whereas in the UK and most of Europe I can get a a few gigs of 4G/LTE data for my phone for about €10 - something you'd have to pay $50+ for in the USA. The same goes for home internet - the cheapest non-promotional rate in my area is $45/mo for 10mbps, but pay $20/more and you get 100mbps. Why isn't there a sub-$30/mo offering? I believe these prices remain comparable to what they cost (sans-handset subsidy cost) over the past 20+ years. I understand your argument about how wireless Internet providers will compete with wired providers which would presumably mean NN becomes irrelevant - but that assumes the wireless providers are in competition with wired providers in the same way truck haulage companies compete with the railroad system. The problem is: they don't. There are 4 main wireless providers in the US (AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile and Sprint), the vast majority (if not all) of the other carriers are MVNOs that run on top of the Big 4's infrastructure. The problem is AT&T is also a major wired provider (U-Verse), as is Verizon. Only T-Mobile and Sprint have no horizontal-business interests in wired networks - but incidentally note that T-Mobile and Sprint also have the smallest service coverage areas compared to AT&T and Verizon - in some parts of the country AT&T is your only real option for wireless service, and AT&T has no compunction with simultaneously selling you a $100/mo wireless plan with a low data limit, a $65/mo DirecTV plan, and $70/mo U-verse wired home Internet plan - where they would gladly throttle Netflix to entice you to watch your DirecTV service instead. The invisible-hand-of-the-market cannot solve this problem because of the sheer start-up costs of physical infrastructure needed to set-up a competing wired (or even wireless!) Internet service - and as we've seen with Google Fiber and municipal Internet services the incumbents quickly drop their prices to prevent these newly competing services from becoming established, if not being completely obstructionist as we see with Comcast holding coax poles ransom. This is why we need to classify last-mile Internet access as a regulated public utility, not as a captive market for rent-seeking companies. So in your example, at least, I don't see how competition from the wireless industry will budge wired services in consumers' interests, but instead corral us all into a much worse position. I'm on the Microsoft Blind forum as a former FTE as they don't (yet) revalidate accounts. MS was amongst the first, or perhaps the first, Blind forum. It started off as a successor to MiniMSFT so people used it to compare comp (salaries, raises, bonuses, stock awards) since then it's massively expanded into other companies all with their own private forums, there are also forums visible to everyone. The most popular thread in the shared Tech industry forum is "What is your age and base salary?" and it makes for some soul-crushing reading (e.g. late-20s kids at Uber SF with $200k base, $400k stock). Back on the MS forum, it's usually layoff rumours (one regular poster who comments on layoff rumour threads claims to be in HR), people asking how to get VSA severance, and people complaining about why Skype, OneDrive and SharePoint are so terrible. Pretty much everyone at the IC-level at Microsoft is well-aware of the systemic issues plaguing many products - lower management too - but these issues don't get fixed because of whatever decisions being made at the Director level (mostly of the "evil" kind, like how improving UI responsiveness won't raise profitability but adding video ads will, or how no-one will switch to OneDrive-for-Business simply because the desktop client actually works - it'll be because the sales team drove a hard bargain with an enterprise customer and now their poor users are stuck with it). I like to think I did my part - I made small UI/UX improvements that I snuck into my official feature work (it all passed peer-review and testing, don't worry) - things like bad margins/padding around controls, something with the wrong color scheme, etc. Nah. Home internet connections are still terrible. 2017 now and we still don't have IPv6 on residential connections (I'm on Wave and they said IPv6 deployment is still over a year away). > if the car's local sensors deviate from the gps data significantly, that should throw up a red flag to the car and driver. This happens too often for benign reasons (and GPS hacking too rare) for it to be useful. The GPS system in my Ford Focus jumps around wildly if I start the car in an enclosed space before it gets a good lock, and it can be thrown-off under bridges and around tall buildings as it doesn't have A-GPS (does any car have A-GPS?). The worst is when a poor signal is combined with road-snapping - I've had a lot of trouble with off-ramps on partially submerged urban highways, the I-5 in downtown Seattle, for example. I'm wary the Switch is simply too big and bulky to be a replacement for the GameBoy/DS form-factor that kids seem to go for (myself included - fond memories of pining for a GameBoy Color some 18 years ago) - smartphone games have effectively supplanted that area anyway. I see the Switch as a PSP competitor, but they'll have to try very hard to succeed. Assuming this isn't Nintendo's swansong and last hardware product I hope they release an Android phone with built-in (pop-up?) game controls and an official emulator/store app. Visionect have a 32" ePaper displays in color and grayscale: https://www.visionect.com/blog/32-inch-eink-development-kit-... But they're pricy: grayscale is $3600, color is $4700: https://www.visionect.com/development_kits The underlying display is still made by eInk Inc, who sells a very similar product on their own website: 31.5" instead of 32", and only in grayscale - but surprisingly: for only $2000: http://shopkits.eink.com/product/signage-evaluation-kit-v3-w... I plan to buy one of these large eInk/ePaper displays and mount them on the wall in my home's atrium where I'll display a dashboard showing traffic levels, road cameras, and a weather update. I'd really like color though, but $2000 vs $4700 - I guess I'll make-do. I got my dad an Amazon Kindle DX for Christmas 2013 - right around the time they discontinued it. The display still looks good today, though not as white as the latter-day handheld Kindles, and the product casing bends easily with slight pressure which makes the device feel cheap, though I appreciate it is very lightweight for its size. It'd be great if Apple's industrial design team did an e-ink iPad, they would be able to make it considerably thinner and sturdier. The wording of the article implies Amazon is shifting the blame entirely on the individual who typo'd: they indemnify themselves with "an authorized S3 team member using an established playbook..." ("don't blame us, our process is perfect!") There are process-fixes for this, such as requiring a two-person rule when at a production shell and modifying tooling to detect potentially unintentional commands (e.g. a SQL UPDATE without a WHERE) - but given what I know about Amazon's internal practices (i.e. the brutality) it wouldn't surprise me if they did terminate the unfortunate operator - not because they want to, but because AWS simply has too many large-scale customers who would demand immediate action like that. I remember the huge push when the iPad came out and all the talk about how it would replace textbooks and exercise books. It could only be because school administrators were won-over by the engaging user-experience - completely overlooking practicalities - back in 2010 even into 2014 iOS lacked decent enterprise-management tools that would enable staff to lock devices down as they're obvious distraction devices - things are made worse by Apple's decision to not have multiple user-profiles on the iPad and confusion with how Apple IDs work. I understand they've gone some way to address those issues - but other concerns still apply, such as the vision of a wide range of high-quality (and interactive, no-less!) iBooks to replace textbooks - simply hasn't happened due to massive cost of authoring even a single iBook. But the main blocker I feel is that staff (both teachers and school district IT folks) just don't want to have to manage them. I know an IT contractor who resigned his job at a private school after having to deal with setting up hundreds of iPad Mini devices for every student - he just simply hated the work involved. As Apple is neglecting the desktop market, they're just as well neglecting the education market: remember when Apple had massive education market penetration in the late-1980s? Now there's not even an equivalent of the old eMac unless you count the now 3-years-old Mac Mini models. But they've lost it at the high-end too: the MacPro's internals are now over 3 years old with still no update in site, AV pros are switching to HP Z-series and the MBP is high-end only in price and design: perf-wise it's quite lacking. The MacBook Air (with its low price to clear their stock) and Mac Mini are priced right for education, but spec-wise they're poor investments, especially as even web-pages now require beefy specs to display at a decent framerate (blame ads). Apple doesn't have that many engineers - they have a chronic shortage, I'm told - a friend of mine at Apple worked on a major built-in iOS app and said his team was only "8 people, including PMs" - and given iOS devices alone are the majority of Apple's revenue it makes sense for them to allocate resources where they're needed to maintain cashflow, which necessarily means neglecting less-popular lines (namely the MacPro). ...which is further evidence of the amazing foresight Apple had in basing macOS on an open-source core (BSD): it means Apple doesn't need to expend resources on maintaining critical functionality that isn't central to their profit strategy (e.g. BSD userland) (and it's why I believe the open-sourcing of key parts of the NT kernel and userland will happen eventually) I'd argue the screen resolution is poor 1440x900 in a 13" screen considering I have a 7-year-old Sony Vaio 13" with a 1920x1080 display, and the ever-increasing number of 4K Windows laptops you can buy at a similar price-point. macOS' UI is clearly optimized for retina displays now and the information-density is low, heck I find the default workspace on the 15" MacBook Pro very limiting. I'll concede the rest of the MacBook Air's current specs are acceptable though the processor is 2 years old at this point, but I believe CPU performance has plateaued over the past 4 years, and Apple did recently bump the RAM to 8GB - but they were still selling 4GB until Q2 2016. The only other negative is the wimpy GPU, the Intel HD Graphics 6000, which scores worse[1] than an entry-level NVIDIA GTS 250[2] - a card released 8 years ago. That's embarrassing! [1]: Intel HD 6000, released 2014, Score of 823 - http://www.videocardbenchmark.net/gpu.php?gpu=Intel+HD+6000&... [2]: NVIDIA GeForce GTS 250, released March 2009, Score of 898 - http://www.videocardbenchmark.net/gpu.php?gpu=GeForce+GTS+25... Right, I'd rather live in a fiefdom. I suspect it would still render to 900, then downscale to 720 Is water different? I lived in a complex (of about 40x 2-3 storey buildings with ~12 apartments each) where they said the water bill was the building total divided by the number of apartments in the building. I wasn't complaining because it was so cheap, but I wondered if it was legal. I'd wager LS users are more tech-savvy and less likely to be using more mainstream tools like Norton or McAfee - they want one tool that gives them control over what programs have network access, not a bloated adware platform. Through P/Invoke, sure. But WinForms, WPF, and UWP (and Silverlight, and XNA) are not part of .NET Core by-design. Though I assume someone will port Xamarin over, if they haven't done already. I'd love to see SDL support so OpenRA can have another build target. There's still a bunch of fundamental changes to how the XML-based MSBuild files work, such as the addition of wildcards and recursive includes, so expect a wait for the rest of the ecosystem to catch-up. Note that the move back to MSBuild from Project.json was prompted by pragmatism rather than ideology - I suspect the JSON-camp are biding their time before putting forward another proposal. Recently Apple added (and actively encourages) the ability for developers to upload bytecode to the App Store instead of ARM binaries so Apple can more easily dynamically recompile for new architectures and optimisations. Of course bytecode is considerably easier to revert back into readable source-code (especially as Swift/ObjectiveC retain (some) symbol names in compiled output) - so it's not outside the realm of possibility that an unscrupulous Apple team is disassembling cool apps to see how they work then re-implement them for the next release of iOS. WinForms is, unfortunately (in my opinion), a hack on top of Win32/hWnds, the fact that every Control wraps a top-level hWnd window is a source of performance issues. It needs a fundamental re-thinking... but Xamarin Forms is a better concept, it just needs a Win32 target. Honestly, I prefer the old rectangular-selections because it's great for copying individual columns of output from `dir`, for example. I'd wager many did and do care - but complacency was rife on the Remain side during the Brexit referendum - I suspect that's why Leave (and Trump) won. GIF also has the connotation of the animation or video being short (under 30 seconds), often subtler animation, and without audio - whereas "video" implies more a traditional multimedia presentation. "You don't want someone changing their vote because of how the polls are going. You know, you want them to vote based on their own beliefs, not who is going to win." That idea makes sense in true proportional representation system, but in a first-past-the-post system then strategic-voting becomes important (as voting-for-beliefs is an immediately suboptimal strategy), and therefore if voters know who is currently in the lead and alter their voting behaviour then surely that's a good thing for democracy? If you have a hardware H.265 decoder, sure - I'd wager a GIF or APNG runs better in single-thread, CPU-only environments. Or just `font-family: sans-serif;` in CSS. Double-glazing is popular in the UK - but it was a late-adoption: I didn't see it become popular until the early-1990s (I note this would be shortly after the privatization of British Gas, hmmm!) A contributing factor is the popularity of rented accommodation, including council-owned houses, where the pressure to invest in double-glazing is less (as tenants are responsible for gas/elec bills, but landlords are responsible for capital-expenditures and improvements) - so there's not much incentive to upgrade windows in that case. But all new houses I've seen built since the late-80s all tend to have double-gazed windows, the majority have white PVC framing, but I see wooden ones occasionally too. I've never seen white PVC window framing turn yellow - my parents had their windows converted around 1994 - now 23 years later the frames are still pristine white - and I'm not aware of any special treatment or care they require. That said, public perception of double-glazing salesmen isn't the best - they were the butt of many a joke in the 80s and 90s, including Blur's Parklife video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSuHrTfcikU - though I never understood myself, perhaps because they were a commonplace sighting? That... and even today they seem to capitalize on their public perception with intentionally gauche TV ads: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgqJPd_YJtE That just isn't true (and I worked on Chakra while at Microsoft). I think you're thinking of J++ (Microsoft's version of Java, not JavaScript). Now JScript (Microsoft's version of ECMAScript) does have some minor differences in the dialect, but that was only because the ECMA standard was at a standstill back then. Mozilla had no problems extending their implementation to match either. They're just extensions in the same way that GCC has its own extensions for C and C++. J++ was created to counter shortcomings in the design of early Java language versions that Sun was not keen to re-integrate back into the Java language. That itself isn't bad (as other JVM-compatible languages exist, like Scala and Groovy) except that J++ then needed Microsoft's own Java VM with its own platform-specific runtime extensions - and that's what the Sun lawsuit was about. I agree it was badly handled by Microsoft, and in the end Microsoft just ditched Java and reinvented J++ as C# and the .NET Framework - which is where we are today. As for JScript: before JavaScript was standardised there were extensions being added by everyone (Netscape had their own, as did Microsoft). I think Microsoft extended JScript in a very conservative way: the main change is the addition of the `new ActiveXObject` wrapper for COM objects which made AJAX possible, and also made JScript useful for automating Windows (and server-side JavaScript with ASP/JScript predates Node.js by 13 years!) - to my knowledge JScript itself didn't add any syntactical changes and provided you didn't use ActiveXObject your code would run without issue in other JavaScript engines. Note that this isn't the same thing as DOM extensions in Internet Explorer, of which there were many. I think it's worth pointing out that when IE6 was released in 2001 it was by-far, the most W3C-compliant web-browser in existence: for CSS2.1, Netscape's then compliance level was abyssal, and even beating out Opera at the time too. I'm genuinely curious how the supply of housing in Manhattan could be increased. They're also planning on stripping EV status from their Certs too... that's going to be fun for a lot of banks. Installing apps from other stores on Android is literally a checkbox away - but installing new root certs on computers is considerably harder, or impossible if your computer is locked-down (group policy, etc). It happened to me - I was working on an application for the pre-paid electricty system in Texas: the server-side code connects to a data-source over a TLS connection (complete with client-side certificates too), except the server-side used a self-signed certificate, and my code didn't have admin/root rights on the client hardware so it had to use in-app certification verification code. I had to hard-code the root CA's fingerprints directly into my code so it would be baked into the signed binary (this was a project requirement). That thing is going to fall-apart if the root CA ever changes - fortunately it won't expire until 2099. (Yes, I gave the client a strongly worded statement of my misgivings - and all the other bad code-smells in the project) Can you name some specific examples? But how or why was this done as a favour for their banking customers? When was Twitter's "prime"? And how does it compare to today? 4K should be seen as qualitative upgrade over 1920x1080, and I know the pain of trying to work with that few vertical pixels. However 2560x1440 is still 16:9 but the 1440 pixels is enough for me. So my upgrade path will be to 5K (5120x2880). China has effectively mandated IPv6, and IPv6 certainly is popular in China (I think all mobile phones in PRC use IPv6, I may be wrong) - but let's not forget that China is promoting IPv6 because APNIC's allocated IPv4 space for China was comically undersized. They're higher-resolution and a better colour-depth, but it's a bit jarring how they're all identical... at first-glance the game's overall visuals feel like a low-production-value freemium web-game. If they did things like apply random aesthetic changes (like dirt, grime, slightly different greebling) to structures of the same class then I think that would make the game look better - some games did that, for example CNC Generals had different models for the GLA Technical vehicle, and non-functional animation speeds for infantry units were randomised too. Scotland could certainly use the pound (like how Cuba and Zimbabwe use USD), but England (and Wales) wouldn't like it and might move to make it difficult for them if they so wish. If Scotland votes to leave it will be to remain in the EU debate after Indyref1 led me to conclude that Scotland would have to petition the EU to join as a new member instead of inheriting the UK's membership, and the EU requires new members to adopt the Euro... so if Indyref2 passes then they'll have the Euro. RFID is expensive. Even buying the cheapest transponders in bulk, you're still looking at $0.01-$0.05 per label - that's enough to kill the concept entirely for high-volume, low-value goods such as supermarket/grocery store goods where the profit-margins are thin enough as it is, if not loss-making. Walmart already uses RFID in the backroom and for palettized loads, but not for stock that customers handle. In my own work with RFID, the main problem we have is (after disregarding the cost of the transponders) is getting someone to put a transponder sticker on every single widget - stores already stopped using those "pricing guns" when they adopted UPCs/EANs, they don't want to regress backwards. The solution is universal adoption of the EPC RFID system, but that requires all suppliers and logistics infrastructure to also adopt it. It's happening... just very slowly. If they're using serialized EPCs (which track a unique item, not just SKUs) then this won't work because need to ensure each physical item is uniquely tagged, and that two tags with different serial numbers aren't on the same item (though duplicate tags with the same serial are fine) and that no two items have tags with the same serial. If they're using non-serialized EPCs (so just logging SKU) then they need to ensure exactly 1 tag is on each item - no more and no less - otherwise inventory counts will be inaccurate. Static libraries can't be replaced/updated post-deployment - you need to rebuild, whereas, shared libraries in a container can be - which is useful if you're working with dependencies that are updated regularly (in a non-breaking fashion) or proprietary binary blobs. > I would regularly see personal sites pop up on my searches through the web, but I'm finding less and less non-commercial content. That's because personal homepages have died off, to be replaced with better replacements - not because Disney and TimeWarner have paid Google to rank their results higher. For example, Wikipedia (and Wikia) have replaced personal museum websites for all kinds of esoteric information - ditto fansites. For "Prof. Smith's computer science examples webpage" we have GitHub; Reddit has replaced "Links" pages and Webrings, and Google itself has rendered curated directory sites completely obsolete. The only thing on Geocities and Angelfire/Tripod that Facebook has replaced are those insufferable "The Baker Family Homepage" websites. Not everyone has container source code - or it might be impractical. If you run RabbitMQ in your container would you want to build that from source as part of your build process? Why do you consider Wikipedia a private walled garden? Arguably it's freer and less commercial than older personal home pages because of the mandatory copyleft license. As amusing as it would be, the ISPs are only permitted to sell aggregate anonymized data, not anything personally-identifiable (as per the 1984 Cable Act). They wouldn't get actual Google or Bing searches as neither company would sell those on - I imagine at most they'd get top-lists of DNS resolutions in a given geographical area, possibly with some demographic data thrown in - still valuable data for some marketers though, but unlikely to be anything juicy. I wonder if any ISPs would sell that data for any price, given the risk of backlash. ISDN was 64kbps pet channel though - and to my knowledge did not use a wideband voice codec by default (or at least didn't mandate all ISDN receivers support wideband audio). Lots of people who had ISDN kit plugged their old POTS phones into their TAs anyway. When your user-base is comprised of doctors, lawyers and blue-chip companies with ancient business processes you can get away with charging what you like. > LE have abdicated their responsibilities in this area. On the contrary. One of my side-projects is involved with the running an Internet-to-PSTN wake-up-call service. The service is free-to-use in the US (because domestic calling is so cheap) which also means it gets used by criminal-harassers who send wake-up calls at 4am to their targets (we do aggressively rate-limit which helps mitigate these issues). We are frequently contacted by local police departments across the country (we don't spoof our Caller ID) seeking information about who made the call (roughly 25% of the time we get a subpoena or court order) and almost always we see the call request came from an IP address hiding behind a simple PHP web proxy script or a Tor node. While my story is an anecdote it does demonstrate that it is very easy to hide your identity online for quick hit-and-run harrassment - it's not that LE have abdicated - it's that they've done all they can do - because what can you do with an IP address allocated to Egypt? While the issue I've described is a societal problem, it does have a technical solution: if the phone numbering system were redesigned so they worked more like email addresses then people could change their phone numbers or use disposable numbers and aliases which would put an immediate end to unwanted calls... but that's not going to happen. Increasingly companies are shedding on-prem infrastructure. One startup I was at har everyone work exclusively on laptops (though with docking stations and monitors) and had a policy where everyone had to take their computers home every night - nothing to steal. Everything was Cloud-hosted on AWS, Atlassian, GitHub and Dropbox. To my surprise it worked quite well - the only issue was working with large files because we had no NAS/file-server and only ~10mbps upstream. Not having to pay for any on-site sysadmin definetly saved the company money - even more-so when you consider there was no physical servers to break either. iOS 10 doesn't seem offer a built-in Contacts whitelist feature, but iOS does expose an API allowing third-party applications to filter-out incoming calls and messages: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT207099 - someone could easily write an app that would use your Contacts as a whitelist, assuming one doesn't already exist. The point of "the cloud" isn't just global accessibility, but also massive redundancy - Azure Storage and S3 both replicate data globally in case of data-center meteor impacts and well-designed web-services are stateless and run in a a load-balanced, fault-tolerant manner. Arguably a much better proposition than a dusty old Dell server locked in a closer. Thats how university accreditation is meant to work: industry and state/gov agencies are supposed to certify an institution's graduates meet certain minimum standards. Given that university is becoming the new high-school, is there merit to the idea of just having all universities follow the same curriculum and standardised assessments and exams? Like the University of California system, but nationwide - if not international. "similar but different feelings" - it can only be one or the other... No more than Denmark - problem is not all of Scotland identifies as Scandinavian, they're more often Gaelic-identifying than Norse: http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-16050269 It gets better: the caret in "real" Win32 is not rendered to the framebuffer or any memory-backed surfaces, but is "inlined" in the video output the same way the (hardware) cursor is - it's effectively an old-school console sprite. But it does mean you're limited in the things you can do with it - when Office 2013 gained that fancy animated caret they had to do it themselves, similarly the caret in Atom and VSCode are both software-based. Visual Studio's UI is almost all WPF-based, as are parts of Windows itself (such as Server Manager since WS2012) so if MS were to abandon WPF it would backfire badly unless they decide to kill-off VS and replace it with VSCode... now that's a scary thought. UWP is not the successor to WPF for a simple reason: it's sandboxed, and comes with a very prescriptive UX platform (no tree-view, hWnd, or FileOpenDialog here, folks!) For line-of-business apps it's DOA because ADO.NET is not available. Custom widgets (e.g. for industrial control) are much harder to develop because there's no replacement for GDI. The list goes on. UWP is, and was intended to be, only a platform for "apps" which act as a frontend for externally hosted web-services - not "real software". What we should be campaigning for is for the XAML "Jupiter" platform within UWP to be made fully available in the pure Win32 world, with no special runtime, sandbox, or artificial restrictions. Mine focused on Therac-25... not quite the same problem-space. It's possible Uber's devs were misled about the nature of the software they were writing - for example I read their other secret system, "Greyball", was written under the guise of protecting Uber drivers from being physically assaulted by militant Taxi drivers - a common sight in certain parts of the world - nothing to do with the dual-use of shadow-banning public officials and journalists. The "ethics" aspect came from the conduct of the engineers behind Therac that did not take the reports of malfunctions seriously, including a fatality - they were too overconfident and arrogant - as a result it took 2 more people to die, and many more seriously injured, before the problem was identified and fixed. We also covered other ethics-related case-studies that covered project-mismanagement leading to massive cost-overruns, especially of public-service projects - particularly when those overruns are caused by malfeasance instead of incompetence or ever-changing client requirements (e.g. embezzlement, fraudulent conduct, etc). Another one was the ethics of personal data collection. CPU ECC is for RAM, not storage - checksums/parity is not the concern of the CPU at all. Though we're talking about Optane, then that's different. In the future (with solid OS support), Optane will be both RAM and non-volatile storage - and you really don't want data corruption there. Has Intel announced anything regarding ECC, parity or other systems in-place to protect against bitrot in Optane? > Whenever people talk about unionizing or professionalizing software development, I think things of this. There would never be a union so long as fully-qualified software engineers are in-demand - even the deluge of web-designers from the dot-com boom (and today's coding-camp graduates) haven't seen a rise in poor working conditions or unemployment because of the over-supply of labor. I do advocate some kind of professional certification or charter status for software-engineers involved in safety-critical systems - like how a certified civil engineer needs to sign-off on bridge and building designs - but that's largely for the public's benefit, not solely their own. "best" is subjective - it doesn't have a "click anywhere" touchpad (it's still a mechanical hinge-based design), there's no 2x display option, battery life still doesn't come close, and so on... Given my experiences with C-level executives it's unlikely the leadership thought this was a "real" security issue - and it is entirely possible that there haven't been any attacks made using this vulnerability - Zecco isn't Fidelity or MorganStanley. Wouldn't the FTC want to know about this though, as this would be a great way to execute a pump-and-dump scam... > It is not Java-specific, but it is common to a few specific Java frameworks as well as at least one of Microsoft's older frameworks (I forget which one). ASP.NET WebForms has a feature where the Session ID, normally stored in a cookie, is stored in the request URL path instead. This was done back in 1999-2001 to support extremely rudimentary HTTP clients which did not support HTTP Cookies - imagine really prototypical mobile-phone web-browsers or hastily-written shell scripts using CURL. Fortunately it was disabled by default and the documentation describes why it's a bad idea to use it - and I understand the business reasons for including it - however this design does not break things like multiple-tab browsing: that's just what happens when you have any stateful web-application, regardless of framework. It's now gone in ASP.NET MVC (where you gave full control over rendered URLs), so that horrid chapter has ended. Corporate taxes are on profits - it's very easy for a company, especially a startup, to not make a profit - ever - if they reinvest the earnings before the end of the tax year or the shareholders make drawings. I don't see how low corporate tax rates will spur new startups - but I do see it as incentivizing the repatriation of foreign-earned income by large multinationals. On the contrary, I think a higher and progressive corporate tax rate would spur startups because it would serve as a governor to prevent large corporations (of the faceless variety) becoming large conglomerates - which generally have a depressive effect on the economy - thus giving smaller and more nimble startups an opportunity to compete. > There is no other big market with such a low corporate tax. Ireland's corporate tax rate is 12.5% ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporation_tax_in_the_Republi... ) and as Ireland is in the EU it has full access to the largest single market in the world - but I'll concede the EU's market is fragmented by localization issues and less demand for high-technology compared to North America. Don't forget illegal wars, increased military funding, and raising taxes anyway ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Read_my_lips:_no_new_taxes ). Cynically I imagine this data will be invaluable to energy companies looking for potential new oil drilling sites - I'm not sure if I'd want my legacy to be the continuation of fossil-fuels... Microsoft does deserve some blame for deciding to support backwards-compatibility in-situ instead of introducing proper API versioning, packaging, isolation, and other proven techniques. Win32 wasn't versioned for processes until Windows 7 (using app.manifest) even though the need for such as system was blatantly obvious during the Windows 2000 days. All of those scenarios you describe can be solved with appropriate application sandboxing and shimming. I don't personally believe the "Windows 9" story - if a program is old enough to feel the need to check for Windows 95/98 then it should already be fine to run under Windows' own app-compat layer which spoofs the Windows version string anyway. I believe it's marketing-based out of fear consumers would see "MacOS 10 vs Windows 9" (like how it was PlayStation 3 vs Xbox 2 - hence "Xbox 360"). The URI URL equivalence that justifies " http:// namespaces" was a neat trick insofar as it means you can use the URL of the XML schema definition file (.xsd) as the URI of the namespace in a document that contains it - thus allowing XML readers to automatically perform schema validation when encountering a new schema. ...but given how well DNS-based package names in Java have worked out (i.e. poorly) I'm surprised they went in that direction. On the bright side - URIs (and so, XML namespaces) don't need to use the http:// scheme - they could easily switch to urn: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4116282/when-to-use-a-urn... "Have people do a questionnaire during elections" That's essentially what a ballot paper is, except the questionnaire is "Which political party have the Red-top or Black-top newspapers convinced you to vote for?" - and I think history demonstrates that a population cannot reliably vote for their own best-interests - so expecting them to produce reliable aggregate data through mass surveys - with which to make major decisions, is foolish. > And let's not forget the ridiculous need to install third-party software just to be able to tell which window has focus by the color of its title bar. They added back the "active window titlebar color" feature in the 2nd Windows 10 update in late 2015: https://www.howtogeek.com/232176/whats-new-in-windows-10s-fi... This service is not for defending against non-practicing entities - but to defend against patent suits from large enterprises that the startups might be competing against (e.g. Microsoft, Facebook, Samsung, etc) - not that Microsoft et al. engage in that kind of warfare against small-fry, but it's plausible. This solution works, but it's far from ideal - the trade of equity for protection (or rather: access to their arsenal) could be unappealing to startups without much equity to hand-over in the first place - given a $1m lawsuit (which might cost $1m to defend against), or giving up $1m of equity for access to counter-suit weapons (with no guarantee of success - and also probably costing $1m to file anyway). If I may ask, what was your working relationship with him? My father worked as a chemical process engineer for Bechtel stationed in a 3rd world country (we all lived there with him too) working on the public-works water treatment system for the nation's capital - from what I can tell, Bechtel did go in with honest intentions - but were stalled by local corruption and lack of political willpower. Wouldn't he still have to pay the income tax if he repatriates the money? I kept on reading, but I instantly knew this was a vanity piece for the company. The analogy is just so wrong so it's indicative of lazy article writing. Digression: I suppose a real "Uber of health insurance" would be an app with a map that shows doctors, ERs, walk-in clinics and other practitioners that lets you see someone immediately and also pay for it directly within the app. ...and that's a stupid idea - we already have walk-in clinics in Google Maps, and if I wasn't insured I wouldn't put a $5,000 ER invoice on my credit card without at least negotiating on it first. Many libraries and systems (e.g. Win32) just go with null-terminated strings and their functions don't accept a length argument at all - so I wonder if some people never store the length simply because they don't believe they'll ever need it. LTC spiked because Coinbase added them to their trading service - I'm surprised that making something simple and easy to use would bolster activity like that. Is it safe to say "Coinbase is the iPod of Bitcoin"? That's what it feels like. I believe it's just going to keep going higher: more and more (legitimate, blue-chip) institutions see the value in Bitcoin for moving currency around due to its near-zero transaction fees, rapid clearing, and the impossibility of chargebacks - and given there's a cap of 21m BTC it means deflation is going to keep going on, if not accelerating further. I do expect to see BTC reach $10k or $20k within 5 years, even if it crashes this year. I don't know if BTC will reach $100k or even $1m - it depends on how the rest of the financial industry treats it - or if there's a mass ditching of BTC for ETH or possibly even a bank-controlled blockchain. BTC has one hurdle coming up: the darknets - the original populizers of BTC - are switching to Monero due to its increased privacy protections. Many states have generous subsidies that only apply to residential/domestic energy production that don't apply to utility/commercial production, specifically there are credits and rebates for the construction cost, and the feed-in tariff system - these really shift the economics completely. I live in western WA and I had a view to get a solar installation a couple of years ago, because despite our climate and sunshine conditions - and already having the greenest (hydroelectric and wind, mostly) and cheapest electricity in the country ($0.11/kWh) - there was a generous feed-in tariff - which meant my planned $40,000 investment in a solar system would pay itself off after 10-15 years, however in late 2015 the state decided to put an end to that and if I had the system built now it would take 25+ years to pay for itself, at which point the system's warranty would be expiring and I'd need to shell out more money to replace it. HP got more flak for their "racist webcam" than this issue ever will, I suspect. (2009: http://gizmodo.com/5431190/hp-face-tracking-webcams-dont-rec... ) I disagree. Every Microsoft Natural keyboard I've used that's more than a few years old has gotten incredibly mushy. I make an exception for the original line of Natural Keyboards in the mid-1990s that had a firmer membrane, but the current range, including the "Ergonomic Keyboard 4000" just feels like I'm typing on kitchen sponges. I like the term "GPGPU" (General-Purpose Graphics Processing Unit) as it's at least explicit about its general-usefulness. Though WSL required more work than WSU or OS/2: they needed a new lightweight process model, for example. That's more serious internal work. I had an UberLUX in London a few months ago and I had a very nice experience with a professional chauffeur (complete with black suit) in a Mercedes S-Class. Uber services aren't all Priuses with signs saying "Please rate 5-stars!" hanging off the front-seat head-restraints. I find it amusing the promo shot shows it running on an Apple Thunderbolt display - which famously does not support HDMI input, only Thunderbolt - for which there is no MHL adapter. The Thunderbolt displays do not work with Mini-DP connections despite sharing the same physical connector. The DisplayPort signals still need to be encapsulated in a true Thunderbolt connection, so they don't even work with pre-Thunderbolt (but still DisplayPort) Apple Macs. Unless you explicitly enable separate tasbar buttons in Windows you still have all of your browser windows accessible only through a single 32px-wide button on your screen. And the default thumbnail preview delay is also equally frustrating. I haven't touched Java UIs since university - back then we were taught about AWT and Swing. I remember being unhappy with AWT because it never worked right and was inflexible - and I was equally unhappy with Swing because it never looked or felt native - and for some reason window resize redrawing was done slowly. I first heard about SWT more recently and it brought back my faith in the native desktop, but I've never used it. In your experience, how well does SWT handle the differences between platforms (fundamental things like macOS vs Windows' menu-bars, to smaller things such as the arrangement of buttons in a dialog)? What is the graphics performance like too? With your approach the (symmetric) key used to encrypt the files is still unprotected in memory for at least a short period of time. I'm surprised ransomware doesn't use the TPM to protect their private keys - given that more computers have it now. > Encryption is done with the public key only. The post said encryption is performed with a new symmetric key K, and then K is encrypted with the attacker's asymmetric public key. Remember asymmetric encryption doesn't scale for large amounts of data - which is why systems like TLS and full-disk-encryption still use symmetric keys - the asymmetric cryptoschemes are only really used during handshaking and for the exchange of symmetric keys. If you're advocating for the introduction of variable-length IP addresses then it would have been a nightmare - packet-switching is often done in hardware and that level of complexity would have only added trouble. Heh, the Web Query feature in Excel hasn't been significantly touched since it was introduced in Office 97 (or was it 2000?) - I know because when I was at MS a few years ago I reported a bad bug in the Web Query feature - it wasn't a regression, just something inherent in the fact they're stuck using the old Trident MSHTML engine and so the Web Query feature was broken for newer websites - they closed my bug as a WONTFIX because it wasn't a regression - even though the state of that tool in Excel gets worse each year Chrome's usage figures go up... I contacted one of the devs on the team seeking an explanation, he summarized it as stale code no-one wanted to touch without risking breaking anything. It's telling that most of Excel's major new features in the past few releases (e.g. PowerQuery, integration with PowerBI, etc) are all implemented as pop-up "child applications" with their own UI instead of being baked into Excel itself - I wonder how long they'll keep this up before rewriting it entirely. In my experience while I worked there (on Visual Studio and Chakra) it felt like all the major bad decisions were being made at the upper-levels of management - things like the original Windows 8 sandboxed XAML "Apps", the Surface RT, killing VB6 without giving users a clear exit strategy, the decision not to market Zune internationally, making Windows XP look like a toddler's Fischer-Price toy, or the Terri Schiavo-like treatment of Windows Phone - but conversely it's also where good decisions come from (Bash on Windows, Docker support, SQL Server for Linux). Contrary to your point: none of the shareholders had any input on those decisions above (except possibly getting rid of Ballmer post-Nokia...). It's just management playing dice with ideas seemingly without much critical thinking - or at least transparency as to why they decided to press-ahead with a controversial decision. LIDAR units could cycle through randomly-generated patterns for each pulse - if they can be made unpredictable then it would be impossible for someone to confuse a LIDAR unit by copying its pulses. Assuming it's a time-of-flight LIDAR then the time required for an attacker to read a pulse and send back their own signal would be greater than the time of the original signal to return - and if the sending LIDAR has a sufficiently short timeout then even an attacker using Vanta-black to absorb all of the victim's lasers still won't be able to respond quickly enough. I don't think there are any that ever remain a one-person company in practice - even for my own projects I've always needed to outsource or farm-out tasks that aren't a valuable use of my time - e.g. website design or handling customer support. I'm sure there are plenty of de-jure sole-proprietor ships - but I doubt any of them of truly work alone. > I haven't had a faulty RAM module in at least a year ECC isn't for physically broken RAM, it's for the prevention of data corruption caused by environmental bit-errors (e.g. cosmic-ray bitflips). Memory density increases with RAM capacity - which means a higher potential for noise (and cosmic-rays...) to make one-off changes here-and-there. I understand this now happens quite regularly, even on today's desktops ( https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2580933/cosmic-rays-what... ) - I guess we just don't observe it much because probably most RAM is occupied by non-executable data or otherwise-free memory - and if it's a desktop or laptop then you're probably rebooting it regularly so any corruption in system memory would be corrected too. I don't see how it's a monopoly: AMD's x64 chips are competent, and given that Windows now fully supports ARM it means that for an OEM working on a greenfield project they're free to explore non-Intel options entirely. Intel has a monopoly in microprocessors today the same way that Microsoft Windows is an OS monopoly today: it sort-of is, but it isn't holding anyone back either. I wonder if the hardware at that scale isn't exactly stable - so to become a "select customer" comes with signing a gag-agreement not to publicly disclose stability problems - and I guess also requires the customer have suitably trained staff who can deal with any expected or unexpected problems - and software engineers who can write software that will fully utilise the processor's capabilities - much like how Sony took some PR flak for the PS3's Cell processor being difficult to program for given its atypical design. But presently Intel and Microsoft are not being anti-competitive, despite their near-monopoly market share - on the contrary, competition is thriving. > It had a special version of Windows, and almost nothing would run on it, as very few applications are compiled for Windows on ARM. That wasn't the reason. It was because Windows RT was artificially locked-down to only allow sandboxed "apps" from the Windows App Store to run. There's not much of a use-case for only glorified web-service clients on a machine with a desktop UI regardless of the ISA they're compiled for. Had MS allowed arbitrary ARM code to run on the Surface RT, free of sandbox restrictions, I think the platform would still be alive today - probably as a successor to Windows CE for kiosk applications. (Though there is now finally a non-locked-down version of Windows 10 for ARM... so let's see...) Prank calling isn't illegal unless it's harassment. These orgs don't necessarily have a finite number of outbound lines - they'd be using SIP and just buy more channels from the myriad providers out there for a few bucks a month. You can also get "unlimited channels"-SIP trunk providers too - in which case you're limited only by the number of simultaneous virtual channels your Asterisk setup can handle. So no, "keeping them busy" is not a viable solution. What I like the most is the abstraction-away from plaintext source files. Imagine a C and C++ IDE that hid the (often ugly) source files from you put only exposed individual function definitions - it could automatically keep header files in-sync, for example, and automatically place each free-function or class member in the right file without manual refactoring. (I still think it's outrageous that C is still a single-pass language - we shouldn't need separate simultaneous declaration and definitions any more) It clear Microsoft intends to replace VBA with JavaScript that will run both in desktop Office and Office Online - we have it already with "Office Apps", but Office Apps are sandboxed pretty bad and have zero access to COM and legacy Office components. Assuming Microsoft eventually brings JS-in-Office to feature-parity with VBA then they can kill off the old editor. What's most surprising is Apple's endorsement of eGPUs via Thunderbolt 3 - given only a few months ago Apple seemed to be simply aghast at the concept of external GPUs: https://techcrunch.com/2017/04/06/transcript-phil-schiller-c... > Matthew Panzarino (TechCrunch): What’s your philosophy on external GPUs? > Craig Federighi: I think they have a place. Technically it does - the Surface Book's "Performance Base" has a beefy NVIDIA GPU inside of it, while the rest of the main system, with an Intel GPU, is in the display portion - though I don't know what interface is used between the display and the base - is it "real" hot-pluggable PCI-Express, something proprietary, or Thunderbolt? But what's the underlying electrical and signal interface? I meant to link to another piece that described how it looked like Apple explicitly disabled eGPU support in TB3 on Macs, instead of merely not-supporting it. I'm at a small company right now and I live 30 minutes door-to-door from work, and I WFH when I can. When it comes to solo-work my lead agrees I'm just as-productive, if not more-so, when I'm at home - but things like meetings and "hey, can you take a look at this thing on my computer?" just don't work remotely - it's the little things: like how even a 1080p conference room camera can't pick-up small details on the whiteboard and how people can't just pass me a printed document. It was the same on my teams when I was at Microsoft too - we did have a couple of remote-workers, but they were effectively treated as contractors who worked in silos - because that's all they can do well when you can't get all that face-to-face contact. Plus there's a lot of juicy talk and rumors over lunch that just don't get to participate in as well. Yup - looking through the brochure website just made me think "Private-instance of Facebook" - and the reminders and notifications seem like something Apple's Siri will eventually do when they progress further on their "Proactive" functionality. What's frustrating is that Outlook (you know... the big, old Enterprise-y PIM system) already supports a lot of the functionality present in Monica, such as keeping track of birthdays, anniversaries, personal notes, related calendar events, and so on - you can also arbitrary link different contacts together to define relationships (not the same thing as "linking contact cards" to aggregate a single contact's data). Many things about Outlook frustrate me - in this case it's how Contacts management is now frozen in time - but it's also heartbreaking that Outlook was a genuinely innovative (and performant!) PIM system in its early days, but there hasn't been any innovation in Outlook's PIM functionality in the past 10 years (seriously - the feature-set for Contacts, Tasks and Notes is literally unchanged since Outlook 2007 - and even then the only significant change was adding contact photos). It wouldn't take much, besides some courage, to update Outlook's Contacts experience to be more up-to-date with the functionality provided by modern social-media platforms - it's just so close. But because it's now so entrenched it's very unlikely we'll see any significant change until someone pulls a Slack on Outlook (a-la Slack vs Lync) to prompt Microsoft into trying to compete - assuming we're not doomed to yet another Electron app. shudder If anyone in the Desktop Outlook team is reading this - especially if you work on Contacts, please fix my biggest gripes with Contacts: 1. Make Outlook fast again. It shouldn't take 2-4 seconds to switch between Mail, Contacts and Calendars. 2. Don't make new recurring Calendar Events for Contact Birthdays and Anniversarys - why can't you have 'virtual' events in their own special calendar layer like all other systems do (even Windows 10 Calendar does) - so I don't get multiple event reminders for someone's birthday (from the 'real' calendar events that Desktop Outlook creates combined with the 'virtual' events from Windows 10 Calendar). 3. Give me more control over Contact Photos - show me the file-size, let me crop them. I don't like having to switch to my phone to edit contact photos. 4. I have contacts with more than 3 email addresses, more than 2 mailing addresses, and more than 1 mobile phone number - why is this limitation still a thing? 5. Retain a history of all Contact fields over time instead of requiring me to maintain "backup" contacts that contain older details. Depends on the ISA and optimization level - and the OS. Win32's x86-only __stdcall convention always passes arguments on the stack instead of in registers. I doubt carrier concerns were the motivation for the Apple iPhone App Store - they'd have mandated some kind of AT&T and Sprint App Store (with $2 ring-tone and wallpaper downloads...). Besides, Windows Mobile, Nokia and Blackberry all had their own respective ecosystems long before Apple - I say this as a user of PocketGear since 2001. I hate to say it, but Apple is right: the use-cases for truly unlocked computing on constrained mobile devices are very limited and, given our experience with the Windows tech support scammers a massive liability for everyone: if non-expert users have any access to a button on their phone that will drain their bank accounts, no matter how clearly labelled, then there will be rampant attacks to make them press it; the only solution, therefore, is to make it completely impossible to both run unsigned code, and for code to execute outside of a sandbox. In the early days of iOS - there was a much stronger justification for jailbreaking because iOS was just so aneamic - useful features like a Widget Dashboards or "Today" summary screen, data tethering, and ad-blocking were all conspicuously absent. But now we've got them and since iOS 8 or 9, it's been perfect for me. The article speculates that the overhead of calling `fopen` for each file and subsequently reading it is more expensive than reading from an already opened database file. But as for how expensive `fopen` is really depends many factors. The difference with Rust is that you can apply a trait to an extant type you don't "own" - you can't do that in Java or C#: you would need to use the decorator-pattern (boilerplate ahoy!). C++'s checks are closer to duck-typing in practice. But you just proved my point: your OrdString and OrdInt types there are implementations of the Decorator pattern (just using interfaces instead of superclasses). Supposing North Korea has Bitcoins... how could they sell them in a way that grants them usable currency? By cash do you mean physical money, like coins and notes, or liquid amounts in a bank account? The problem is physhcal money is not a good way to move large amounts around, and most bank accounts have a great deal of oversight. No-one cares about $75 being used to buy heroin on The Silk Road, but people will notice $75,000,000 being moved - and Bitcoin is not anonymous either, merely psuedonominous. And how did they respond? Has any crime happened with IMG Special Drawing Rights? As we saw with WannaCry: the type of people who fall victim to ransomware attacks are also the type of people who aren't really able to use Bitcoin. I'm interested how they plan to solve the problems that the cameras alone cannot solve (assuming they're just RGB cameras with no special dynamic-range abilities) - like white-out snow conditions or driving directly facing the sun (a contributory cause towards the Tesla+truck fatal crash last year) - I understand that only systems with active projection (e.g. Lidar) and beyond-visual-spectrum cameras can provide reliable data... and yet Tesla claims that their current hardware, without these more exotic sensors, is sufficient. Visual cameras can be blinded fairly easily - even high-end cameras - simply point such a camera at the sun and try to make out a cloud in the sky. If Tesla were using true high-dynamic-range cameras (e.g. Oversampled binary imagers) then I would be more confident - but Tesla isn't saying that they are - and if they really were they would definitely boast about it. LIDAR also does work great in the rain - provided you have multiple LIDAR units (e.g. Ford's snow-proof sensor array: https://qz.com/637509/driverless-cars-have-a-new-way-to-navi... ). What I like about LIDAR is that it will never give you false-negative data regarding object proximity (i.e. it will never tell you an obstruction in the road is not there) but visual-only cameras can be fooled very easily and definitely can give you false-negatives regarding road obstructions. It seems inherently less safe to rely on a more homogeneous sensor array: conversely it makes sense to use as many different types of sensor as possible to ensure your design isn't susceptible to being brought down thanks to a weakness in your predominant sensor type. But if it's a game-console that's advertised as being able to play a particular game very well... but it's also the only console capable of playing that particular game... and they're both made by the same company, seems a bit mean. It's also equivalent to those high-end network switches with 48 ports that have soft-locks to disable ports on the switch until you fork-out $lots to unlock them: it's an artificial limitation. I genuinely wonder what the result would have been if the options were 1: Explicit no-opinion, 2: EEA membership. 3: Complete exit, WTO rules. 4: Status quo. 5: Even greater EU federalism. I imagine the 3rd option (UKIP's favourite) would be the least popular and the EEA option "soft brexit" as the winner - which I feel better reflects voter sentiment... and voter ignorance: as EEA members still pay money to Brussels and are subject to regulation on goods and immigration. At least it would have made it clear to everyone in Whitehall that "hard brexit" was/is unconscienceable. > People in the UK are infuriatingly trusting of their rulers. No, just the readers of the reactionary black-top press. What's infuriating is erosion of civil liberties that has happened under both Labour and Conservative governments in the past 30+ years - I blame it on the fundamental design of the office of the Home Secretary - whose job-description is seemingly to always put matters of national security (and the reactionaries' opinions...) above such trivial concerns as privacy or liberty. Fortunately this trend can be reversed if an equivalent opposing office, a hypothetical "Secretary of Sensibleness", existed with veto rights over the Home Secretary. I thought we came close with the new Secretary for Culture, Media and Sport, but it seems like a holding position for unwanted or up-and-coming MPs than a position of any consequence (London Olympics notwithstanding). Courts do have their own small-claims advice service (for free too, I think) which serves the same purpose. > I don't think its a foregone conclusion that people vote themselves bread and circuses, which is I think your primary point. Or just populism in general - and I think "fear" is a stronger voter-pull than "want": fear of Mexican immigrants committing crimes, taking your job, fear of increased healthcare costs , etc. As the majority of Americans do have health coverage it's a given that 51% of the population want cheaper coverage even if it means the other 49% will lose coverage then that's going to happen. An options clause, usually - giving the founder the right to buy back the company/brand at a fixed price - it's enticing to new owners too because it mitigates their risk (e.g. if they run it into th ground while the old owner is interested in it, then it will limit their losses) - the difficulty then is not making the buyback price too high that the original owner can't afford it, or if the new owner screws it up so badly that the original owner loses interest. Nothing new - I imagine - this internal NATO video from the 1960s seems just as relevant today: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0loanNljuZQ for example I advocate ORM use for guaranteed type-safety - so long as SQL queries are processed as strings inside your application there's always the risk of column names and types not matching your entity classes - by using an ORM that generates SQL based on your classes (e.g. Entity Framework with Linq) it promotes mismatches to compile-time errors. This alone makes it worthwhile. Isn't that what ShareACoke.com is about? What would be the use-case? I see a potential end-game being TypeScript becoming the new ECMAScript. * The US fined VW fair and square. VW has a large North American business anyway - there is no significant US/EU "trade war". Besides, American car manufacturers like GM are also implicated: https://electrek.co/2017/05/25/gm-dieselgate-scandal/ * Ireland is in the EU and contributes towards the EU's coffers. * The EU is also going after VW ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/eu-sues-germ... ), but the responsibility in this case lies with individual member-state governments, rather than any single EU organ, and there is evidence that VW carefully gamed the situation so their defeat-devices were technically legal in the EU ( https://www.ft.com/content/0b9bf1d2-e486-11e6-9645-c9357a758... ) I understand the new Windows 10 ARM machines are fully unlocked - and are just like Windows 10 x86/x64 in every way: https://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/05/12/microsofts_windows_... > It's a full desktop experience which, ironically noted by Liliputing, is less locked-down than Windows 10 S, because the Win 10 on ARM can run non-Windows Store applications. > It is, as Pulapaka says. “a full desktop experience” – not just Windows Store apps, “your existing x86 apps will run completely fine on this device.” I speculate that "Windows RT" / Surface RT was a warning-shot to Intel, and that the Windows Store restriction was intentional as not to spook Intel too much - I don't believe anyone in the executive levels of OSG at Microsoft ever believed that Surface RT would take-off - or that the inability to run Win32 programs (provided they were recompiled for ARM) would ever fly with consumers while the device still ostensibly came with an otherwise full Windows explorer.exe desktop experience - restricted only to a modified version of Office 2013. Was Jet privately owned and bought outright by WalMart in a private deal? I thought they already had an IPO, in which case it wasn't their "choice". I see it as a way of investigating possible unconscious bias or even hostility towards minorities in the Rust developer community - from easily fixable things such as male-bias in documentation (e.g. examples using male pronouns disproportionately) - to vitriolic sexist and other abuse in chat and forum groups. Fortunately the Rust community isn't GamerGate, but if we can eliminate those attitudes sooner, then that's in Rust's long-term interests. As more people use Rust and we see all the cases where unsafe is typically used, could more unsafe code patterns be formalized as safe code? Are there any situations where unsafe code cannot be avoided at all, where there exists a program-theory proof that unsafe code must be used? If it's for performance reasons, then a new safe language construct could be introduced to replace it - such as how a safe range-based loop eliminates the need for bounds-checking with fixed-length arrays. > Can you point to an instance of offensive behaviour towards minorities in the Rust community? I cannot, because I haven't investigated to see if it exists or not - hence this exercise :) > What does changing them actually solve? By itself not much: but I see it as a necessary-but-insufficient step, in much the same way it is necessary to remove public statues deifying US Civil War Confederate "heroes" (I'd prefer the term "traitor"...). > Are women really put off of computing because of that? It all seems so trivial. Not "because of that" directly, no - of course not, but projecting an inclusive image is important to attract people who might not otherwise be interest for fear of not being a "cultural fit" despite having the skills. (Most) people are not robots: there is a very human need to feel accepted and fit-in. And similarly, I know plenty of people who consider gender-inclusive policies as a form of psuedoscience too (in that they don't give it much credence). I imagine I would feel the same way as the first wave of male nurses would have in the postwar years - with textbooks and instructional materials, even the job titles: Sister and Matron, reflecting a strong female bias. I quickly went through the Wikipedia article on Men in Nursing just now to write this reply and it's already having me reconsider how I perceived gender bias in industry: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Men_in_nursing I don't think it's "fear of change" or "fear of people who are different" - not even "fear". I feel the sentiment felt is closer to "think poorly-of". Southern US racists certainly aren't "afraid" of black people: I believe they've been conditioned by negative racial stereotypes combined with their own sense of superiority ("blacks are lazy, no-good", "blacks are criminals", et cetera) so the idea of racial equality simply strikes them as silly - take that concept and apply it to today's debates: ("feminists are loud and unruly", "transgender people are freaks", "the other side are all fat women with purple hair who spend too much time complaining on their blogs instead of instigating real change"). I stress these are stereotypes, and certainly not representative, but doubling-down in response seems to reinforce certain negative stereotypes and make it harder to sell the idea of the "new normal". I believe their concerns about the loss of "intellectual diversity" are genuinely felt - but frame it as someone who genuinely believes themselves and their opinions to be level-headed and that these new voices, who are telling them that their opinion are wrong, will of course put someone on the defensive, it's only natural to feel a creep of thoughtcrime policing. I hate to use a cop-out cliché but I feel that "both sides" need to apply empathy when engaging in debate with their opposition: those that feel out of place and get defensive, or simply think these are overblown matters, are not deliberately out to actually oppress anyone - and those campaigning for more equitable treatment are not being opportunistic. What about using the TypeScript toolchain as a JavaScript static analyis tool without actually writing in TypeScript? (tsc can still verify your js files are minimally 'correct' through type-inference, for example). It's true, to an extent: only the more expensive iPad Pro supports Apple's native "Pencil" tool - the non-Pro iPad can only use third-party Bluetooth styluses that have a sub-par user-experience. But yeah - Microsoft just won't let the "Pen computing" vision die - they've been at it since their first "Windows for Pen Computing" release in 1992. Serious question: does anyone use the handwriting note-taking abilities they added to the Edge Browser when people were begging for Extension support? Matters of personal-identity are completely orthogonal to what the Rust community should be about. Reading your posting, I think you're implying that non-traditional notions of gender is evidence of irrational thinking, and you think Rust community would be better-off with an exclusively "rational" (by your measure) membership. My retort is that it is completely irrelevant - I compare it to admitting open young-earth creationists simultaneously with adherents to Wahhabism into the Rust community: both of those positions (in my opinion) are as irrational and non-evidence-based as otherkin or your notion of gender-identity, and yet all of those individuals are capable of making valuable contributions to the language, the runtime, the standard library, packages and so on - accepting their work has nothing to do with condoning or endorsing their opinions (for example we still call radiation meters Geiger counters, even though Hans Geiger worked on Nazi nuclear weapons). I won't respond to your questions posed because it's both outside the scope of this discussion and I believe poses a dangerous distraction to identify a wedge with which you can coarsely separate people into groups you think you would agree with - and more importantly: we should not be pontificating on gender-identity because none of us are subject matter experts in the field. But the beauty of adopting electric cars now is that when a better battery technology is developed it can be replaced in cars on an individual basis, whereas a reason we don't drive hydrogen cars today is because fuelling stations would need to stock that in addition to traditional fuels. Supposing nanowire batteries come out for cars: they can still use the same EV chargers. The cost of issuing domain-validated certificates is negligible - there's no reason they couldn't be done for free and paid through advertising or other long-tail revenue sources (or in LetsEncrypt's case: donations and endowment). > GPUs are really not built for paths I remember a whole slew of "accelerated 2D" cards in the mid-1990s that had faster Windows GDI performance than we have today for certain 2D operations such as path drawing (the regression was in Windows Vista when they moved all GDI operations to the CPU). I understand the issue is the loose definition of "innocent" - if you take it to mean someone shot by police who is absolutely innocent of any charge - or if you define it as someone who was doing something criminal or suspect but the situation did not initially warrant their shooting. Hence the emphasis on deescalation training. Consider a hypothetical: two separate scenarios of kids shoplifting, one white the other black: the white kid gets called out by an officer, is pursued and apprehended without arms drawn, the police officer writes-up a citation and the kid spends the night in jail as a warning before being released. A black kid does the same thing, but the officer decides to draw their sidearm and orders them to freeze - the kid turns around to look and is immediately shot by the officer (search online for "shot for turning around police"). The officer can (at present, justifiably) say they feared for their life because they thought they were about to be charged or expected their target to draw their own firearm. Or take the same scenario but both kids do actually fight back somehow - I believe the average white police officer would still be more hesitant to use lethal force against a white assailant than a black one. I won't deny the usual statistics ("blacks commit more crimes per-capita", etc) but don't think that's where I believe the problem is. I'm not content with the sentiment that "black lives matter" - I'd much rather it be "criminals' lives matter" (I'm aware of the straightforward racist implication - that's why I dare not say it too loudly). Obligatory: "Murdered" != Killed. Or just sucky upstream - my local cableco, Wave, has a 1Gbps DOCSIS3.0 service - except the upstream is a paltry 10mbps - that's a 100:1 down/up ratio. This library is using execCommand: https://github.com/jaredreich/pell/blob/master/src/pell.js I note that `contenteditable` itself began as a proprietary DOM/HTML extension by Microsoft in IE5.5 back in 2000 - Gecko didn't support it until 2003. In the 2008 draft of the HTML5 specification[1] the `contenteditable` attribute's summary seems to imply that it's only featured because it "is a common attribute". [1]: https://www.w3.org/TR/2008/WD-html5-20080610/editing.html#co... The "everything is a file" paradigm and a non-physical filesystem come to mind. ...especially with Apple's acquisition of Whole Foods. > caprice of a single corp. There was no sudden-change: they kept on maintaining Director, years after its main use-cases (kiosk applications, magazine cover demo disc launchers and CD autoplay software) stopped being relevant. If my experiences at other software companies are anything to go by: Adobe's staffers probably wanted to open-source it but were held back by licensed third-party components. I haven't seen any true Director Shockwave content on the web since the original Shockwave.com - it was a handful of games that today could be built in JavaScript without any trouble. Are you thinking of Macromedia FreeHand? FreeHand was a vector art editor to compete with Adobe Illustrator. Macromedia Fireworks was a raster editor like Photoshop, but was heavily geared towards "web graphics" (think: Adobe ImageReady). It had neat features such as text templating, integation with Dreamweaver, and decent sub-pixel positioning. I used it from 2001 until 2005. I felt it was primarily for making websites using now-obsolete techniques like tables-for-layout, spacer.gif, and using heavily manually-optimized graphics and techniques to achieve effects that CSS was not yet capable of. I may be wrong, but I don't believe Fireworks changed much since the Adobe acquisition, ensuring its declining relevance in the post-CSS3 web world. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/9024231 > Adjusted bone density at various skeletal sites was 4.5-16.1% higher for black than for white men and was 1.2-7.3% higher for black than for white women Initially I thought that a bone-density increase of 16% would not significantly affect buoyancy, but the human body has relative-density of 0.98 compared to water... with a margin that narrow I can imagine that a 16% increase in bone density would tip someone to have a >1.0 relative-density compared to water - which then makes swimming difficult. Often the full date is accessible via a `title=""` attribute. WebP support would be nice - but that's because Paint is a GUI around GDI/GDI+, so if GDI gets WebP support then Paint gets it for free. Only the past 10, maybe 15 years - the worst damage has all been in the past 5 years - but you're right about it being both parties: under Labour we had RIPA and the wet-dreams of "Wacky Jacqui" Smith - which in turn enabled the the Tory gov's implementation of these regressive legislation. The problem is how the UK cabinet is arranged and the politically powerful role of Home Secretary - where the job description is a license to dream up, campaign for, and implement the most effective means of "keeping the country safe". Quite unfortunate. Long-term change would only be effected by having the role's description framed in the context of keeping the UK - and its freedoms - safe. It's a subtle change to the oath of office, but would hopefully prevent the recent abuses we've seen. Universal mass surveillance is fundamentally incompatible with our right to privacy. #1 can be done by creating a separate submodule repo that only stores docs+issues files. It's up to the repo's users to agree on a system by which the files should be organized, but it's doable. I'd propose directories "issues/open", "issues/closed", with each issue filename being "{created:yyyy-MM-dd} - {subject}.md". Symlinks could be used to track ownership/responsibility if each repo contributor has their own directory in the repo too. I don't care much either way about sponsored content - just relevance. I attribute Digg's downfall to when it started adding professional sports content to the front-page. I'm looking at the Archive.org history and it's pretty telling what happened: 2004 - https://web.archive.org/web/20041214033211/http://www.digg.c... - Pretty much the same content as Slashdot, but with a cleaner UI. 2005 - https://web.archive.org/web/20050609031143/http://digg.com:8... - No significant change 2006 - https://web.archive.org/web/20060615092431/http://digg.com:8... New "Web 2.0" site design - less industry news, but still technology-centric. 2007 - https://web.archive.org/web/20070613060232/http://digg.com/ - Slight redesign, but note the addition of the Sports and Entertainment categories - but at least an article on the Double Slit experiment has six times as many diggs as a Sports Illustrated gossip piece. 2008 - https://web.archive.org/web/20080730182035/http://digg.com/ - Zero pure technology stories or industry pieces on the frontpage at all - it's all general interest - the site's content is unrecognizable from four years prior. 2009, 2010 and beyond continue this trend. Notice the similarities with Reddit - albeit Reddit progressing at a slower pace: Despite similar ages, Digg took five years to go from niche to mainstream, Reddit's mainstream appeal came after eight or nine years. Reddit has the advantage of making it easy to opt-out of irrelevant interest areas, but it can't keep everyone happy. HN is my go-to for news because the content is relevant even without me having to log-in, but Reddit's default homepage is no interest to me unless I login, which I'm less likely to do from a computer I don't own. It doesn't have to be a "crappy manual system" - I'm simply suggesting that given that git itself is a damned good distributed versioning database for arbitrary content, then we might as well also use it for distributed issue-tracking. A simple offline-mode browser-based editor that lives in a single HTML file within the repo would provide a nice GUI on top. Hmm, I think I might be on to something... anyone want to start a project? Thank you for the link. I read through their justifications and I think using a git-submodule solves their problems of polluting the main project history and permissions issue. Using directories for mutually-exclusive state grouping (e.g. "closed"/"open"/"new") solves the directory problem. People used to say the same thing about digital currencies (think: Beenz.com https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beenz.com ) - because digital information can be copied freely, therefore a digital currency would need a central arbiter and a distributed digital currency would be impossible. And then BitCoin and the blockchain happened. To say Internet voting is impossible is to admit a failure of imagination and ingenuity - I'm confident that some novel application of cryptographic and distributed-computing techniques could come up with a secure system. But I'm wary of how complicated it would necessarily be to the average voter, or even someone with an advanced knowledge of computing - concepts like hashing and the blockchain are almost impossible to correctly explain to a layperson, let alone do they have the way to be confident of the results themselves - it would immediately cast doubt on the system because you cannot trust something that you cannot understand. > Because there is no digital equivalent to the one-way hash of dropping a ballot into a ballot box. This is equivalent to preventing double-spending in the blockchain analogy - a solved problem. There are already companies trying to exploit this to develop electronic-voting systems: https://followmyvote.com/ . I imagine it working like this: 1. Government announces an election. Registered voters are asked to submit the public addresses of their 'vote wallets'. The public addresses of the wallets are derived from the registered voter's public information (e.g. their name). This information need not be secret. The public blockchain would ensure that everyone who is registered received their votes to cast: the equivalent of receiving an empty ballot paper. 2. A Monero-like system (confession: I don't fully understand it yet) acting as a blackbox or Bitcoin-tumbler system then distributes empty-ballots from the public wallets into new private wallets that each registered-voter will have created in an anonymous fashion. 3. Registered voters then cast their votes by 'spending' their ballots (coins) by sending them to the public wallets of electoral candidates. These transactions may be cryptographically signed by a private key derived from the registered-voter's public wallet. This allows a voter to verify that their vote was correctly cast, without allowing others to see whom they actually voted for. 4. There is a problem in that the results of the election cannot be kept secret until the election is over, as the blockchain must be distributed publicly, so observers will see the votes going towards a particular candidate as-they-happen, which will necessarily change voters' votes in cases of tactical-voting; though possible solutions exist, such as having blockchain network nodes agree to only allow final vote transactions during a tiny time window of only a few seconds - or a Proof-of-Work system that will necessarily take more computation time to verify a vote was for a particular candidate the more in-advance of the polls-closing deadline the vote was made. Because votes cannot be 'mined', and all originate from a single 'government wallet' it means that votes cannot be manufactured - as far as I can tell the only weakness is that false voter-registrations could exist and be used to cast votes, but then we have that situation with postal-voting now any way. If a tumbler approach is used to distribute ballots from public wallets to private wallets it's possible for participants to create more than one private wallet, and claim more ballots for themselves - but this can be detected by: 1. As part of step 1 above, voters create a private secret K. 2. Each voter then creates a hash of K, known as K'. 3. The blockchain would also contain a Bloom-filter, or equivalent implementation of a "Set contains a member" test that does not reveal the actual set contents. Then a strictly sequential process begins, where the Bloom-filter is publicly modified by each registered voter to add their own K' values - this necessarily means that the K' values of the first voters will be publicly known entirely, but as the table becomes more populated it will be impossible to fully know what the entire values of each K' value is. This can be mitigated by having the system create known 'sacrificial' / dummy voters to provide some initial protection for the first actual voters. 4. When the private wallets are created by each voter (in step 2 above) they must be tagged with the K values each voter created as Kp. A private wallet will only be able to participate in the ballot distribution process if the hash of its Kp value (Kp') appears in the Bloom filter populated in the previous step) - thus restricting each voter to only 1 private ballot wallet. This is why the 12-hour clock system, with its inherent ambiguities mustn't be used when noting the time actually matters. If someone's going to use the 12-hour notation they should use the verbose "noon" and "midnight" terms instead of "12". Now that MDN is an excellent resource, and MS finally made MSDN documentation more search-engine friendly with docs.microsoft.com I'm hoping it will mean W3Schools will be relegated to lower ranked google results. I don't know how they're able to hold their place still, I really don't. Forgive my ignorance, but who are you and why was the FBI interested in you? This is not true at all. There is no Due Process when you're under the purview of USCIS/INS, CBP and ICE. This why visa holders in good standing can get turned-away at the border or destination airport and sent back immediately, even if they have done nothing wrong or violated the terms of their visa - just on the suspicion or hunch of the immigration officer - and they can extend their reach even after you pass through immigration. There's a reason they're called "constitution-free zones": https://www.aclu.org/know-your-rights-governments-100-mile-b... *Year of Linux running inside pico-processes on top of the NT kernel. But where's the evidence of miners switching? The block-mining-reward for BCH is very low - and from what it looks consumers looking to use BitCoin for retail transactions will have a hard time with BCH because very few, if any, retailers support BCH compared to BTC. You still need to keep your cryptocurrency private keys secured - a bank can provide that service, while also loaning out your capital and paying you back interest. Banks do more than just hoard capital. Another advantage is government-insurance of savings. Apple doesn't need AT&T anymore - the original exclusivity was because Apple didn't want any carrier interference (as carriers love to add their logos to handsets, install crapware into the firmware, lock-down settings and features, etc) - none of the carriers would agree except for AT&T, who demanded an exclusivity period to compensate for the risk of loss-of-revenue from evil things like only allowing photographs to be sent by MMS. Given civil engineers need to be licensed to sign-off on projects where real risk exists - I feel the same should apply to software too, especially as the proliferation of autonomous vehicles and other robots mean that there is now a real risk of bad code resulting in people dying. I think the problem should be addrsssed preemptively. I hope we can have a security and safety-critical software engineering certification program that avoids aspects of national protectionism (e.g. it's very difficult for foreign engineers to get certified, even when their degree course was accredited by the same orgs) and elitism (e.g. arbitrarily restricting it to Masters-level degree holders). We need an open, international standard for this kind of certification. Computer Fraud and Abuse Act? To clarify, I know it would be inappropriate for direct federal regulation of the industry - it's too fast-moving and, like any guild (which is what it is, essentially) is subject to being politicised. I'm proposing something far simpler, such as: "if someone dies from software or SSNs get leaked, and the system was not signed-off by a state-licensed SE, then the company responsible is subject to extra damages for negligence" - and state-licensing should be under the purview of a non-profit board (with a bias towards governance from academia instead of industry). I think that would work. A "computer engineer" is someone who designs microprocessors and physical computational hardware - not software. (And for the laity, it is not someone who fixes your broken desktop PC either). Even if you meant SE instead of CE, I feel your distinction is arbitrary and almost classist - while it's true that the top notch folks hired by Google and Microsoft could write "bean counting programs" its fallacious to assume the contrarywise - major accounting and business software firms are just as picky when it comes to hiring - similarly I know plenty of small startups writing exotic software that are able to ship without needing to hire everyone from MIT an Stanford - I also know plenty of very intelligent and capable minds going to waste at companies like Google, MSFT and Facebook working on projects they dislike or for low-impact internal systems - while their contemporaries who went to a coding boot camp got picked up by Snapitterbook and become hot stuff despite never having read the Mythical Man-Month. I'm using the Stripe.NET library - but begrudgingly - there's a whole slew of FxCop-compliance issues with the code and some code-smells that I don't like (e.g. they read the JSON objects into strings, then deserialize the strings - it's more efficient to use the JSON.NET stream-deserializer). My biggest issue is the lack of `using()` statements: objects are not being disposed-of correctly! (I'd submit a PR with fixes, but I'm short for time). Will the new XAML version (the first one in 10+ years!) finally solve the problems of excessively verbose syntax, excessive XML namespace imports, excessive binding syntax options, and excessive-needing-to-search-stackoverflow-to-do-the-simple-things? :) Any news on allowing JSON or another syntax as an alternative to XML-based XAML? > it separates object properties from child content well due to it's nature This is only the case for trivial properties - there is also the expanded form of properties and that's where it muddies XAML very quickly. For example, in a WPF project of mine I have a DataGrid with a Templated column parenting an ItemsControl with HyperLink children (it displays a list of Phone numbers for each Customer row). This is my current XAML - I understand this is the minimum I need to achieve that effect: https://pastebin.com/cRjT2PG5 It could be simplified drastically in two ways, for example: * Eliminate ` ` and ` ` elements, they're implicit in 90% of cases and yet add another element and indent level without conveying significant information. They could be expressed as attributes of the ` ` and ` ` property elements. * Allow C# expressions and the composition of child-binding to be used in property bindings, not just `String.Format` strings. In my example I have to populate ` ` with a full ` ` and ` ` element - why can't I just do ` `? That alone would 10 lines of my 42 line example. Another issue with XAML is that the creators of XAML failed to learn from HTML+CSS: while it succeeds at separating programming code from view-level concerns, it fails at separating presentation from content - it's like we're back in HTML3/4 days when and were all around and it was nearly impossible to tweak and standardise a UI. XAML does have and elements but they're more used for setting Template properties - the end result is a horrid mess. I don't mean the current verbose JSON standard (e.g. string keys, no comments) but something derived from it - because XML's capabilities are a subset of what JS/JSON is capable of, and because the same syntax for complex properties can be used for trivial properties it simplifies the syntax, for example: Could be represented in strict JSON as: { "Type": "Foo", "Trivial": "trivial", "Complex": { "Type": "Bar", "Bound": { "Type": "Binding", "Path": "qux" } } } A more succint JSON-derivative would allow for the "Type" property to be specified anonymously, object keys as identifiers, not strings, allow comments, and use object constructors directly instead of object literals: { Foo, Trivial: "trivial", Complex: { Bar, Bound: new Binding( "qux" ) } } 1. Battery production, like any production, has an environmental impact - but the motivation for battery-electric vehicles is to eliminate local environmental impact (e.g. urban centres). If all of the pollution happens at a single source then it's easier to contain, reduce, and eventually eliminate. 2. Diesel fuels are still very dirty - and the reliability of petrol engines is not a big-enough problem to justify switching to diesel engines - and ICE cars have far more moving parts compared to BEVs than just the engine. 3. Tesla did look into fast battery-swap stations that can swap a battery in less time than it takes to fill a gas tank - they stopped further development due to a lack of consumer interest: users are perfectly happy to charge at home overnight, when the car's aren't being driven anyway, and when electricity is often cheaper at night. As more use-cases switch to electric there will be an impetus to adopt battery-swapping, but it remains an option. 4. 24-hour solar is possible with energy-storage, which is what Tesla is looking into, but again, the point of BEVs is to first eliminate local pollution, then make it easier to eliminate energy source pollution thanks to the fungibility of electricity and centralisation of pollution sources. I don't see why he wouldn't get a credit-card chargeback authorized - he has clear evidence of fraud on the party of the seller, and evidence of the middle-man's (Amazon's) unwillingness to investigate further. As Amazon is accepting the credit-card payment they will eat the chargeback - if they do ever dispute this then elevate it to a small-claims court case and the judge will easily side with the customer. It doesn't need that at all - just upgrade the USPS (and UPS and FedEx) "signed for" systems to also include a photograph of the recipient for high-value items, and the lat/long coordinates of the hand-off - that would immediately show when items were mis-delivered and as a bonus, get a photo for possible police investigations. Or better yet: make it possible for those "shipping status" pages to show the full recipient address (e.g. by entering your own address first, maybe with a texting service using your USPS-registered phone number?) If you widen JSON to be strictly pure JavaScript object and value literals (e.g. allow comments, non-string keys, use of constructor calls, etc) then JSON is more expressive because each child of a JSON object itself is a JSON object - whereas an XML element has two distinct types of children: child-elements and child-attributes, and the expressiveness of attributes is considerably limited compared to child-elements. Granted, JSON provides no inherent way to denote an attribute compared to a child element, but remember that XML restricts you to a single complex child element collection, whereas with JSON you can have multiple properties containing children (unless you want to argue that named element children could correspond with named complex properties in JSON - then it's just a matter of syntax). As someone who recently went through small-claims as a plaintiff, it is time-consuming and the process takes months to complete[0] - don't forget to be prepared to lose a half-day (or longer) to attend your hearing in court too, and you can't add "equivalent wages for time spent in court for this hearing" to your damages claim) - so for many people a claim valued under a $1000 or so simply isn't worth pursuing. If I could reform small-claims actions, I'd make it permissible to submit evidence online/electronically with a deposition and let the judges/mediators review it in their own time, have them call us up by phone or send emails if they have any questions and only call us into a physical court-hearing if absolutely necessary. [0]: At the start of this year I was victim to a breach of contract causing me a 5-figure loss. I filed my claim paperwork in April and got a response in June with my court hearing in August - then another week for a judgement - now I've got to wait 30 days before I can begin to attempt to collect on that judgement, which can take 180 days or more depending on how the defendant appeals or chooses to delay things. That's a possible ~540 days after the violation before we reach settlement. In the OP's case, is that really worth $1500? (Most states allow you to collect a nominal interest on a judgement too, California is 10% APR, for example - better than a savings account, worse than the S&P 500). That's weird, as issuing a CC refund is cheaper for everyone than a chargeback. > doesn't provide a clear benefit to the future children. > edit out genes in your gametes linked to aggressive and addictive traits sounds like a pretty clear benefit to me! I'd do that even if I was trying to conceive naturally. Why would I want my children to have a genetic predisposition towards undesirable behaviour? To be fair, there are different types of aggression - some desirable (i.e. a strategic thinker who isn't afraid of /blitzkrieg/ as a valid strategy in business ventures) and others undesirable (e.g. prone to outbursts physical anger) which can only be described as a liability in polite, organised society. Reading comprehension isn't the same thing as Critical Thinking. Take a look at a typical community Bible Study group: they'll definitely score high marks for reading comprehension, but (in my own biased perspective) low marks for critical analysis. I'll grant you that. I do die a tiny bit inside when shows like Last Week Tonight or The Daily Show, both of which imply that heavy research goes into their programming, will have their hosts say "Studies have shown..." but fail to give a citation. A simple, unobtrusive on-screen citation text doesn't take trouble to add, yet would significantly boost the shows' credibility - and hopefully coax the rest of the media into doing the same. I noticed this (the original code, and your implementation) seems to only describe the "state of feelings" for a simulant and how they generally only get worse over time. I'm now keen to see the code that then provides direction and action for the sim based on this state; e.g. "I'm feeling hungry, I should eat, what should I eat?" and the process that determines what it should eat - and how to go about it. I know The Sims employed more than just A*-towards-nearest-unoccupied-food-source, but what makes a Sim choose hamburgers from the outdoor grill over making dinner in the kitchen? > If they always chose the top scoring best thing to do, then their lives would be too mechanically optimized, lacking in whimsey and spontaneity, and anything the user told them to do would deviate from the optimal path, making their lives less efficient, more miserable. Couldn't they add a "monotony" factor to the SimMotive struct that increases as their daily life becomes too uniform, which in-turn leads to greater overall unhappiness if it's too monotonous, or greater overall stress if their days become entirely unpredictable? A lot of the memory usage in modern browsers is from aggressive caching - computers today have multiple gigabytes of RAm that would otherwise go unused, so browser vendors keep more assets in memory between pageloads to avoid reloading them from the disk cache or worse: the network. Operating systems themselves take advantage of this abundance of memory by also keeping things in-memory for longer - I remember my beefy 2GB/RAM computer from 10 years ago still paged processes and data out to disk when I had Photoshop CS and Firefox 2 side-by-side, but now that I have 32GB of RAM - and have done for the past 2+ years, I csnnot recall having experienced any disk-thrashing due to paging since then. Has anyone published a memory-map - a breakdown of what exactly is in the process' memory space - of these cases where Electron-based applications use orders-of-magnitude more memory than the native programs we used before? Previously I've remarked that high memory usage in web-browsers in itself is not a cause for alarm, and is mostly a good thing because it means the browser is aggressively caching assets so future pageloads will be much faster without needing to load things from disk - however that doesn't apply to Electron-based software because all of the assets are local already so there's nothing to cache that won't be loaded into memory already. So - I'm willing to bet that Electron's high memory usage is probably the JavaScript part - because a native DOM itself, even with all layout information and source assets for images and backgrounds, cannot be more than a few megabytes for even a complicated page (memory usage only shoots up once you start having to download 20MB+ autoplaying video ads). Then multiply the usage overhead of the V8 engine multiple times for the fact that Electron uses V8 to run Node internally, and for each process instance it spawns in the name of reliability - these child processes shouldn't be necessary: "desktop software" shouldn't be running untrusted scripts downloaded from the Internet (WebViews notwithstanding - but they can be isolated already) so adequate testing (and good software design) will ensure a JavaScript snippet will not bring down a process. If they insist on spamming processes, what does that say about their confidence in their code-quality? I'll join-in on the Slack-bashing. I know Slack is very capable and a breath of fresh air compared to Lync/Skype-for-Business, but right now it's consuming 755MB (70% private) between 6 slack.exe process instances on my machine - while the native Windows Telegram client (written in Qt) - with considerably more human-useful-data in-memory (over 200+ groups/channels/etc) is taking up a relatively miserly 133MB (85% private). > It's hard to believe fixed width files are still being used today. Parsing these kind of files with 45 million records, each 600+ bytes is a huge pain. I chuckle when I think about the first time I dealt with these files and thought I could open them in an editor... Depending on the business-application, fixed-width formats are fantastic because they allow for genuine O(1) random-access to records without needing to precompute an index first. Writing parsers for fixed-width formats is also much simpler, for example, because it eliminates ambiguity around null-terminators vs length-prefix in text/string/array data - for resource-constrained environments it's great because you can guarantee you won't need to dynamically-allocate buffers. I feel the only real arguments against fixed-width records are concerned with wasted space - which are mitigated if your system lets you compress them somehow - because they'll typically compress very, very well. Now I finally know why my credit-union (which serves the high-technology industry exclusively) told me that they couldn't put a hold or otherwise segregate any cheques I deposit until they've cleared... because they have no way of knowing when/if they've cleared! It's not investing. It's speculating. This is a pretty serious attack - is there really no way to mitigate it? An arbitrary HTTP header is pretty low on the totem-pole of trust, so why don't they periodically check DNS records for corroboration? I know MDMA is frequently defended as being a "safe" drug insofar that there's no physiological health risks (e.g. alcohol's liver damage, cocaine's cardiotoxicity) but I understand the MDMA is neurotoxic (e.g. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28801175 and https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16499508 ) - much like methamphetamine and amphetamine, which are both similar drugs, chemically and psychoactively. I've never taken MDMA but I know people who have - who describe how they refuse to take it more than once every six months to prevent said neurotoxic damage, as well as taking dietary supplements that allegedly mitigate damage - which corroborates what I've read on Erowid. Obviously for certain classes of PTSD sufferers the tradeoff would be worthwhile (similar to how the negatives of stimulant therapy for ADD are a trade-off if it enables an otherwise healthy and productive life) - so I'm hoping this will enable further research into the negative side-effects of stimulant therapy for PTSD - as well as better research into supposed damage-mitigation techniques - so far a lot of published research on stimulants has been only performed on rodents whose CNS are considerably different compared to our own. Anecdotally, I have comorbid ASD and ADD with an anxiety disorder and I found that amphetamine-based drugs prescribed for my ADD (Adderall, Vyvanse, et cetera) have worked wonders for my anxiety issues - which surprised my psychiatrist because typically worsening anxiety is a side-effect of amphetamine. Indeed - the more visible research papers about amphetamine-related neurotoxicity in rodents reported most effects when the temperature in the brain exceeded 40 degrees - contributing towards massive oxidative stress. Is oxidative-stress the only mechanism of neurotoxic action, or are there other effects at work, such as dopamine-downregulation or exhaustion? Growing up, you must have known people older than yourself - be they schoolteachers, coworkers, academic professors - who seems to be "with it" who accepted and embraced change. I wondered what made them to be like that compared to the crotchety elders we've known, who are very resistant to change. Is it merely attitude, or does neuroplasticity come into it? I'm not even old yet (at least I don't think so) but I remember my mind being very resistant to adopting git over SVN and TFS because it was so different to what I was using and "if it ain't broken..." but now I love it. That experience has taught me to persevere: to not criticise something until I understand it, but what if I'm unable to understand something in future? Can I maintain a healthy mental state in that situation? > That's so creepy someone might actually do it! It's only creepy if it's done on a targeted, individual basis, which it won't be. As it is - in many countries you legally have no expectation of privacy in a public place, so I have no problem with en-masse ANPR. If the police eventually develops a very dense sensor network that can track every car's movement across every intersection then there would be too much information recorded for me to personally worry about it - and I still believe it would help with crime in general. The usual reactionary bullet-points based around the usual bogey-men of terrorists and child-abduction are weak and I think distract from more meaningful and impactful, but sedate arguments: e.g. it would reduce the need for inherently-dangerous hot pursuits to follow a vehicle as the cameras would do that anyway. Uninsured vehicles could be identified immediately before they get stopped for a broken taillight or involved in a collision. And cynically: APR systems could be used to compute a car's average-speed between points to determine if the car broke the speed limit). I don't feel mass ANPR is comparable to other bulk-surveillance schemes like Internet snooping, because I believe that we do have an expectation of privacy regarding what goes through our home connections, and acting on Internet surveillance is inherently subjective - whereas ANPR can indicate if a car is known to be stolen or uninsured, that's not something that's open to interpretation. Hot pursuits are not primarily about identifying the driver either - it's about following the car so they know where it is so they can apprehend the driver. With a pursuit there's a panic, a high probability of the car being damaged or destroyed, and possible injury or death for the driver, the police involved, and of course, any pedestrians caught up in the way. With a large enough ANPR network, there is no need to chase the car - so the driver won't necessarily panic or act irrationally to evade the police - leading to a higher probability of recovering the vehicle in good condition, and a successful non-dramatic apprehension of the suspects as it makes it easier to catch them by surprise, for example. Adding a non-NULL column to an existing table with millions of rows, and then updating the entity/model objects upwards towards the UI is non-trivial - I find myself "queuing up" planned database schema changes and applying them in a batch. What I'd love is a traditional database system with the concept of "cheap columns" that store "just data" scalar values, which can be easily created, dropped and manipulated - they're addressable so they can be used in queries and statistics/analytics, but the values themselves won't need indexes or referential-integrity - and for an ORM and Scaffolding system to support them - that way I won't pull out my hair when the client says one day "let's go from a single column for the customer's name to having separate title/first/middle/last/suffix columns"... and back again the week after. > 2. Understood what NoSQL meant and forgot about joins altogether. How would you represent a simple invoicing system in MongoDB (e.g. Customers + Products + Orders + OrderLineItems )? NoSQL-for-everything advocates posit two solutions: either denormalize the data by embedding Customer information within an Order document, which also contains an array of OrderLineItems, or use a UUID as a kind-of foreign key and maintain separate relationships. Both approaches have serious problems (data-duplication and inevitable inconsistency in the first, and lack of referential integrity in the second, besides ending-up abusing a NoSQL database as an RDBMS). Is there a better way? Or would you agree that certain classes of problems are best left to RDBMS' domain? This will be a much harder sell to the public - cannabis legalisation had been helped by decades of "Medical Marijuana" - but there has no such inoculation of public opinion for mushrooms yet. Under MM a voter will likely have known a friend or a relative who tried MM and had a positive impression - this was someone who did weed who wasn't a pusher, lowlife or degenerate. But of all the people I know who have done shrooms: those that aren't exactly poster-children for legalization tend to the type that are the most vocal about effecting change. In short: we need more white, middle-class, middle-aged married couples to openly talk positively about doing drugs! Until then, I think a better proposal would be a law that strikes down the DEA's concept that drugs can "...[have] no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States." when quite the opposite is true - it damages the credibility of drug enforcement agencies to parrot these lines when there is evidence of both medicinal value and the politicalisation of prohibition (namely http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/23/politics/john-ehrlichman-richa... ). Remove the dogma - and irrational stigma - from drug laws first, then begin more specific targeting for legalisation and regulation. You cannot buy methamphetamine at Target. The closest you can get are ephedrine-based decongestants... from the Target pharmacy. Yes, but you can't simply "buy it" from Target. Bitcoin? > What baffles me is why nobody else reports drive failure stats? Amazon, Microsoft and Google probably have too much to lose from calling-out the vendors of poorly performing drives and the ever-present risk of a lawsuit - which is probably the overriding concern: if Contoso Storage Ltd had a single bad batch that coincidentally Azure used for their storage operations, they'd report a on-the-whole inaccurate failure rate, and Contoso's revenue and stock price would dip accordingly. Given the size, scale and marketing of AWS, Azure and Google's Cloud services respectively I don't think them publishing their hardware failure rates would positively affect their cloud services revenues any detectable amount - all for more work to analyse and publish the findings and the subsequent liability. > JQuery is one example: a minuscule wrapper around document.querySelectorAll() plus ES6 arrow functions gets you 75% of the way there, without having to understand how/where JQuery is being "clever" in various event handling corner cases. jQuery predates querySelectorAll - that's why it's so popular. It sticks around because now it's to JavaScript what Boost is to C++: things that are needed a lot of the time that the official standard library moves too slowly to add themselves. I don't use jQuery myself anymore, but if the DOM added support for "element collections" and if JavaScript added lodash-style functional methods to all collection types (e.g. if `Array.prototype.map/forEach/filter/etc` worked on NodeList) then we'd be fine. As a close friend of one of the 27 Microsoft FTE employees living with DACA status and knowing their story, it's utterly maddening and counterproductive that Trump's administration would end DACA for the sake of his base. But then, he's the president who pardoned Arpaio and banned transgender people from the services, so it's almost an inevitability he'll get rid of DACA at this point. Anything to "trigger" those liberals, eh? It's an established principle that we don't punish children for the mistakes of their parents - that's essentially the basis for DACA. The biggest cut-off-your-nose-to-spite-your-face part here is that these 27 employees are easily six-figure earners (I know my friend is...) - that's at least $25,000/yr in federal tax revenue (multiplied by 27 for $675,000/yr!) Trump's administration is giving up, sacrificed to the Republican myth of "come here legally!" when in many cases it's outright impossible (thank you, H-1B visa caps). I'm surprised the Reganite part of the GOP isn't advancing a "buy your way into citizenship" policy: unauthorized immigrants who still made successes of their lives can make up for their earlier immigration impropriety by paying a "tax" in exchange for the safety of citizenship[0]. Why would anyone be opposed to that unless they were racist and/or xenophobic? [0] I know there exist Green Card-for-investment programs and visas with a similar basis, but they require at least $500,000 at-hand immediately, which is inappropriate for someone who is an employee, not an entrepreneur. > True, but we can just use the subset of machine code that works on all of them. All you need to be Turing-complete is `add`, `jne`, and that's pretty much it - and every mainstream instruction set today supports at least those 2 operations: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One_instruction_set_computer Of course the computer would run terribly - so I hope you're joking there. A a web-dev analogy, it's like saying we should abandon CSS and use -for-layout because you don't want Internet Explorer 4.0 users to be left out. YESITSVERYCONCISEHOWEVERIMNOTSUREABOUTHOWREADABLEITISWHENYOUHAVEAMBIGUOUSLYSPELLEDWORDSWHERELETTERSCOULDBELONGTOONEWORDORANOTHER. In all seriousness - I think you're on to something with a minimal-instruction-set program that only uses operations common to as many ISAs as possible - that way all that needs to be done is reassembly of the program in O(n) time by remapping opcodes to their correct binary representation for a given ISA. I wonder if it might have application for portable binary libraries in industries that love trade-secrets, or something like C--. > I feel insulted when people praise illegal immigrants Look carefully at what is being "praised". Few are praising their decision to become illegal immigrants, instead they're praising their children's academic and developmental accomplishments in the face of adversity (anxiety about being deported, likely a poor socioeconomic background, et cetera). I'm a green-card holder myself, and I do not share your anti-illegal-immigrant stance. I believe in fully open borders and complete freedom of movement of goods, labor and people: Schengen is testament to this. I got my EB3 green-card literally because I have a piece of paper (my BSc degree certificate) - but I know many people who have a greater work-ethic and intelligence than myself who decided that university wasn't for them, or they were unable to go to university for other reasons, and that means they're automatically ineligible for the same privilege I had. While EBx green-cards are largely meritorious they still exclude many "worthy" people. I hate the "I worked hard to immigrate" argument because I believe the opposite is true: provided you meet the preconditions prior to even applying for the visa you're almost guaranteed a shoe-in: in my case I already had my degree, all of my immigration paperwork was handled by my employer and corporate sponsor, all I had to do was accept a job offer, do my job for 3 years, and wait. No adversity or "hard work" here. My contemporaries from India and China have a minimum 10 year wait for their EBx green-cards, largely for political reasons - clearly they will have to "work harder" for longer than me for the same privilege, how is that fair? Other LPR categories require less hard-work to obtain: marriage and family-based green-cards, or investment-based (literally: buy a green-card for $500k). I'm curious, what "hard work" did you perform that permits you to put yourself on a pedestal above those doing thankless, underpaid, back-breaking agricultural labor? > To me this is similar to parents robbing a bank and giving children 100K and government is saying "oh, don't punish children for parent's crimes so go ahead and keep those 100K, it's ok". They should be deported and blame their parents for it, not the government. I'll concede that your analogy is valid - if extreme in its implication. If you agree that copyright infringement isn't theft, then I don't believe illegal immigrants are necessarily "stealing" anything from their new country - they're competing in the open, free market for their labor. There's a whole other debate to be had about what's involved there that I won't get into. But in short: there are masses of people, willing to undergo hash conditions, to work in the USA - it would be a massive economic mistake not to capitalize on that. It's why Germany was so keen to take in many refugees from the Middle East: you have workforce-aged people entering the country for free: Germany didn't have to pay for their education (including elementary/Primary education) or prior health - allowing them to be employed immediately (subject to the same labor and wage conditions as indigenous workers) will only boost the economy - even if they're "unskilled" workers. If they're willing to trek across Europe, they're willing to go to a trade-school or get certification in the native language. I also take exception to your conclusion that deportation should be the only and immediate consequence of immigrating illegally. It's dogmatic and reeks of "zero-tolerance" policies this usually thoughtful, reasoned and nuanced community strongly oppose. Nowhere did I say that illegal immigration should somehow go "unpunished" - hence my suggestion for a retroactive taxation-to-citizenship as one possible solution to the problem. Your proposal is analogous to advocating that anyone who commits assault should be shot dead by their victim - while it is a victim's right in Stand-your-ground Law states when applied broadly it's utterly thoughtless; your school of thought places arbitrary nationstate borders above our shared humanity. Keep it affordable for people to live in, but too expensive for the tenants to save-up to buy their own place. Devilish. The rule of thumb is 1/4 of gross income before tax, 1/3rd of net income after tax - reasoning that 25% of your income is lost to taxes. Another approach is to take your salary, max out your pre-tax retirement contributions, find out what dollar amount you need to maintain your current lifestyle in non-accommodation costs, set aside at least a few hundred $ monthly buffer, then whatever's left will be your budget for housing. I understand that if you live the canal-boat lifestyle you also don't have to pay council tax. Or upwards. London has a very low population density because of building height restrictions (now considered archaic, I understand). London has very few tall buildings and Canary Wharf is is closer to downtown Bellevue, WA than it is to Manhatten in terms of scale. Brits are somewhat opposed to "tower blocks" because they were a poorly-planned top-down social engineering experiment in the postwar years to deal with rehousing the residents of slums and other deprived areas. Modern "high-end living" flats in much taller, aesthetically pleasing, and most importantly: safer, structures are being built, but not at a sufficient pace. A reasons there hasn't been a total crash yet is because lovely, lower-density houses (think: 3 and 4 story spacious townhouses, not working-class 2-up/2-down terrace houses) are bought up for millions then internally gutted and remodelled into individual, modestly-sized flats to rent - sometimes barely larger than the size of a living room. Not in the long-teen, no. There needs to be an expansion of the tube system to improve capacity. An alternative solution worth investigating would be to ease rush-hour by incentivising, or even restricting, companies from starting at 9am. Space taken by car-parking is typically in dedicated parking lots: out of the way and doesn't impede public rights-of-way - compare to having bicycles ridden on sidewalks and interfering with car traffic. Setting up an unconfigured SCADA makes you an IdIoT? FTFA: "[according to] a new NBER working paper". Working papers haven't undergone peer-review yet, though I'll concede the NBER probably is in a good position to determine the causes of the crisis. All this talk of HTCs reminds me of HTAs: HTML Applications. https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb250409(v=vs.85).a... They behaved like a native app, with control over their native chrome, and without any browser sandboxing: their JavaScript (JScript) or VBScript could use COM components to access to the file-system and other features, including loading other binaries in-process. File-system access was through Scripting.FileSystemObject, for example. Some built-in Windows components were/are built as HTAs, like the previous versions of the Microsoft AntiMalware / Windows Defender UI. I tried to use it for a project in 2013 but couldn't because HTAs are forced to run in Quirks-mode, so you can't use IE11's Edge mode, unfortunately. Best of all: they ran while needing only a few megabytes of RAM. Compare with Electron-based apps and it makes me weep because this, right here, is evidence that a Web-View can be used as the basis for an application, using a platform that was available since 1998/1999, without it dragging my PC down. The PRC leadership could "own" a cryptocurrency by securing a majority of nodes in the graph under their control, either physically or by mandating the use of their software, and disallowing the exchange of user-forks off their own coin-base. While users would always be able to use their own forks, the gov would only allow taxes and retail trade to happen with their branch, thus de-legitimizing user forks and reducing their utility (and hence value). Also given that most cryptocurrencies are only pseudonymous, means they could "follow the money" and quite easily charge someone for handling a disallowed cryptocurrency. This is why I feel Monero is undervalued compared to BTC - as Monero has greater utility for Bitcoin's original mainstream activity: online black-market purchasing. Does the Cocoa WebView expose any kind of non-sandboxed COM-like API for system access? That was what made HTAs so useful. I don't agree that Electron is simple. Electron runs a Node.js instance as a websever and application server in-proc, while also running Blink/WebKit for each frame instance. There's no consolidation going on, and I feel for a majority of Electron applications there's no need for the Node instance because all they're serving is an Angular app using the built-in `chrome.` APIs. What would be simple is if a script tag in a single HTML file could access the filesystem or Windows registry - but under Electron they can't. Do bartenders, as an occupational demographic, suffer higher rates of alcoholism or alcohol abuse? - or lower rates owing to them seeing first-hand what alcoholism looks like? Does this include people who do bartending as a short-term job or gig (like students, the under-employed, people transitioning between careers)? I know servicepeople get punished for adultery under UCMJ, but do their spouses? > ...the tiny amount of pollution they produce in comparison to greater polluters A quick google search found this article with numbers pulled from a 2012 US Energy Information Administration (eia.gov) report: https://www.c2es.org/energy/source/oil Transportation is the main consumer of petroleum, accounting for 70% of usage, of which 58% is light vehicles alone - so that's 40% of total - that's still far higher than "industrial" use of 25%. Tack on medium/heavy trucks which I assume includes F-150 trucks and giant off-road dump-trucks alike and it's more than half of total petroleum consumption. So no - eliminating fossil-fuels from personal transport alone, while leaving industry alone, will still have a huge beneficial impact on greenhouse gas production. But you forget the halo and knock-on effects: as the market adapts to service non-petrol consumers (e.g. fast EV chargers, battery-swap stations, etc) then industries will adapt to take advantage of them too - it wouldn't surprise me this meant the introduction of an EV John Deere tractor powered the same hot-swappable EV battery pack that might power a hypothetical Ford truck. It's not fair to compare a 747 (which produces a lot of pollution) with a family car when the 747 carries 300+ people and travels far more miles. If you look at pollution-per-passenger-mile then jet transport is now more efficient and less polluting than light cars: http://www.slate.com/articles/business/the_juice/2014/07/dri... and https://www.yaleclimateconnections.org/2015/09/evolving-clim... I recommend watching "Who Killed the Electric Car?" - it explains most of the history of EV cars in California. I disagree with its conclusion that battery technology was not to blame - I feel that range-anxiety is a real concern and the GM EV1's range of under 100 miles using bulk lead-acid or 140 miles using NiMH batteries was, and remains, inadequate. Compare to today's Telsa's S and X 250-300+ mile range. That - and the program was open to easy sabotage. It's both. My commute is 30 miles a day (15 miles each way) and about once or twice a week I'll drive further - perhaps 60 miles in a day - by that logic I would be happy with the Ford Focus Electric as in practice that car gets 70 miles per charge. But this assessment completely disregards the times, often at unpredictable occurrences, when I need to drive 100-200 miles (or more) at short notice and when there is not a time allotment to spend 4-8 hours to have the car recharge sufficiently. I would need to rent a car at very short notice in that case - which can be impossible. Things like a family emergency, a server crash at a data-center, a friend urgently needs a ride from Seattle to Portland and back, etc... Remember, even if an ICE car and an EV have the same range, if both have zero fuel/energy left, the ICE car can be refilled from a hand-portable gas-tank or AAA truck enough to get to the next fuelling station - and you're free to carry additional fuel in your storage space, an EV car does not have that option: there's the prospective of expensive towing and hours waiting for it to recharge. I'd be less concerned if Tesla made some kind of "towable" extended battery or drop-in for the frunk or trunk, or even a portable Honda generator - but it doesn't. I think it's naive to expect that while the majority of American car owners have no need to travel more than 100 miles per day - that they also have no expectation of travelling that distance - and you only need to travel that distance a few days in a whole year to make the purchase of an ICE vehicle worthwhile so long as EVs take longer to recharge without any kind of fast battery-swap feature. I'm in the market for an EV myself - I wish I had gotten on to the Model 3 waiting list sooner - but it would have to be a Model 3 because the range of the Chevy Bolt, Volt, Leaf and the Focus Electric is not sufficient for those occasional long-distance journeys, and I imagine that a plurality (if not the majority) of the car-owning public feel the same way I do. > CO2 emissions are fixed per unit of fuel. Is this true though? Does it matter on the grade of fuel, or petrol vs diesel? I think I read that leaded fuel emits less CO2 than unleaded fuel, but I'd definitely choose more CO2 than lead in the air, tyvm. The EquiFax thing would only be good PR for Trump's administration if they used it as an attempt to push through legislation that would prevent these kinds of things from happening in future - like a reasoned and functional (and minimum privilege) national identification service - while Alex Jones-types would normally be up in arms I think they would support it it Trump sold it as the system additionally to make it easy to identify illegal immigrants and members of the "alt-left". This is the basis for the "taxation is theft" argument. It's very weak and wry. The state exists as the means for ensuring positive societal outcomes, such as providing services that the private competitive market cannot or will not supply (tragedy of the commons, game theory, etc). One such possible service is an identity service - and we already have that through a hodge-podge of things like SSN, driving licenses, passports, etc. A consolidation of these services means greater efficiency, less waste, and therefore lower taxes. I'd respect the libertarian position more if it were framed as "greater utility of government" instead of the dogmatic "less government". If the consuming program allows it, you can fake a comment by storing it as a JSON property value: { "myComment": "This is a comment!", "realValue": 1 } > they merely shifted to alternative platforms That's not the paper's findings: > Though many subreddits saw an influx of r/fatpeoplehate and r/CoonTown “migrants,” those subreddits saw no significant changes in hate speech usage. In other words, other subreddits did not inherit the problem > since there is no way to get around trusting SWIFT as a bank I understand banks are free to have some kind of direct-transfer mechanism between them, like internet peering, it would just be redundant. But anyway, I would not trust SWIFT as gatekeepers of banking security. They're a prime example of a business that runs on COBOL written 40 years ago and they're not the paragon of progressive thinking in banking (SWIFT could torpedo Western Union overnight if they really wanted to) and finally, they already have a poor reputation in INFOSEC circles: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015%E2%80%932016_SWIFT_bankin... Case 1: "Look at the phone straight-ahead with your eyes or we'll beat you with the rubber-hose again" Case 2: Hold open the eyelids with tape. Even if the eyes have rolled-back in their sockets they can be re-positioned with some manual adjustment enough to get the system to work. Imagine going long - very long - with a stash that big. The pundits-in-the-know often semi-seriously state they expect 1 BTC to rise to $100,000 USD within 10 years - looking at the past 5 years that's not an unreasonable statement to make. This is based on BTC's deflationary nature, and its increasing prevelance in the world. Imagine if you owned one 28,000,000th of the Internet economy - that would still be a lot of money. What if you owned 10x or 100x of that? In BTC it's still an amount affordable by a large organisation or nation state, but in 10 years' time it would be like having your own Fort Knox. If the NK elite want to continue to live in luxury they will have to do something about their underclass eventually. Bill Gates, et al, wouldn't have their present lifestyles if they didn't have well-educated (and well-nourished) people doing their work. Serious question: If you're an elite NK party member with your own private home theatre set-up, who do you call when your Plex server stops working? There are people like John McAfee who clearly understand Bitcoin and frequently post punditry to their Twitter feeds - and make jokes about BTC's future price: https://twitter.com/officialmcafee/status/887024683379544065... Is it the new "featured in the local newspaper once"? I haven't had any problems with missing notifications over the past year on the iOS client, and I'm signed-in to three different teams simultaneously. My only complaint about the iOS app is its RAM consumption (it's not an Electron app on mobile too, I hope?) as iOS seems to suspend it and thaw it whenever I switch to another app. Oh, and it's still kinda slow, switching between teams takes 3-6 seconds. > Microsoft obviously did a lot of user testing with their controller Precisely. Remember the "Duke" controller? This is something to worry about. USB hosts and devices identify themselves - malicious firmware embedded in the Xbox controller could check if it's connected to a real Xbox, compared to a Windows PC, or a submarine, and act (or misbehave) accordingly. And what is the plan in 20-30 years' time when the submarines are still in action but the controllers stopped being made? I get the feeling we'll see Navy personnel bidding on "vintage" Xbox controller auctions on eBay the same way prices for original NES and Atari controllers are through the roof right now. How does my iPhone know which PC I've plugged it into then? Even when iTunes isn't installed (so no "Apple Mobile Device" drivers) it seems to remember my privacy preferences on a per-host basis. I'll concede that may be a feature of the allocation protocol running on top of USB (PictBridge?) but that still means that mutual identification over USB is still possible. I'm pretty sure it's in the USB HID spec that the Xbox controllers implement. Not all queries can be parameterised - I'm not aware of any DBMS that allows for the parametiersation of identifiers (e.g. table and column names) or variadic operators and clauses (e.g. IN() and optional predicate clauses), this is why "Dynamic SQL" is a thing - which comes with the inherent risk of SQL Injection. The main aftermarket satnav products are from Garmin and TomTom - and in-car systems tend to either license their tech or use NavTeq/HERE. Even Apple Maps bootstrapped off TomTom and still largely just aggregates from other sources. I use iOS, but I very much prefer using Google Maps to Apple Maps: mainly for the Google Account integration, and it feels like they provide more information (shop/restaurant hours, street-view) even though Apple Maps provides almost the same level of detail. On my desktop I use a Google Maps and the map design is the same so familiarity helps, whereas Apple Maps is strictly off-limits for Windows and Linux users. Given that Apple and Microsoft are no-longer competing in the mobile space (MSFT finally admitted Windows Phone's failure earlier this year) maybe we can see Apple choosing MSFT/Bing services over Google? Apple could save a lot of money by switching to Bing Maps, and with a re-skin no-one would notice! This. Tesla was not the first electric car company - but it was the first electric car company that didn't make a car that looked like an electric car. Add a tail-pipe and a front radiator to a Roadster or Model S and you'd swear it was a Lotus (yes, I know...) or Italian car respectively. Meanwhile the BMW i-series, Chevy Bolt and Volt, and even the GM EV1 all look _different_, and not necessarily in an a good way either: I'm surprised the BMW i3 is selling at all considering how much it resembles an oversized preschool children's toy car. I'm not seeing much "dignity" or timelessness in these car designs and it's what led me to believe that the executive management of these companies is somehow encouraging wacky designs to poison the notion of an electric-car being anything other than an impractical silly-looking vehicle only non-style-conscious tree-huggers would be seen dead driving. I salute Tesla for making an electric car that... looks like a car. I can see Tyson launching their own line of cars. Their farms and processing/packing facilities are huge - so it stands to reason they would have their own internal intra-site transportation departments that would devise ways of moving people around for the greatest efficiency - and if they decided the company and its shareholders would be better-off with their own self-made line of electric cars for moving people (and chickens) around their farms and abattoirs - and if they discovered it would be profitable to sell these vehicles to the public too - then more power to them! I for one, look forward to driving a Tyson Chickenmobile - it sure beats the OscarMayer Wienermobile![1] [1]: http://www.oscarmayer.com/wienermobile Distributed systems are suited to static content or "append-only" mutable data - canonical examples include Magnet links, distributed hashtables, git, and the Bitcoin blockchain - they're all reliant on content-addressable storage. Not all web-applications can support this model, for example a banking app or online shopping cart site, which depend, respectively, on secrecy instead of complete transparency and mutable ephemeral state. What is the "Raspberry Pis in the walls" solution to those problems? Chrome lets me download the video files - so it's just a matter of saving them to your local disk/NAS and using a video-as-screensaver program that supports MP4 files (so any DirectShow-based player on Windows 8 or later will do). Isn't it redundant? I understand Japan's system is somewhere in-between Switzerland and Singapore's. I live in Western Washington and Swedish Medical operates a number of hospitals in the area and they are very, very nice and plush on the inside. Their Issaquah hospital has carved stone entrances to the operating theatres - it's crazy: https://www.daycpm.com/swedish-issaquah-medical-campus/ https://www.alights.com/swedish-issaquah-medical-center-0 Google Image Search for "Swedish Seattle birthing" and the childbirth suites resemble 5-star hotel rooms, complete with in-room hot spa. Succinctly summarises the modus-operandi of the UK Home Office's policymaking: Reactionary and fear-driven, where "fear" is defined as the current black-top newspaper headlines. Also possibly for the benefit of Chinese and Russian (bordering nations) visitors in particular who may have a better grasp of English than Korean, which is easier than putting trilingual labels on products. English is the new Lingua-Franca anyway, whether or not North Korea likes it. Is there a reason the Haskell compiler can't trim-out code it knows won't be used? Or is there another reason for the large size? The A380 isn't that popular either. The A380 only makes sense for really popular routes with a guaranteed high passenger count, whereas the 787 is more flexible because it has a similar range and takes less passengers but is almost as efficient per passenger-mile. And in 2016 there were fears Airbus might even cancel the A380 entirely: https://qz.com/782361/airbus-a380-airlines-are-abandoning-th... C++'s generic-programming feature still has shortcomings - I think functional-programming has more relevance to scientific computing, but C++'s functional features are "okay" but still not as capable or proven as, say, Haskell's or OCaml's - for example for tail-recursion you still depend on the compiler supporting that optimization, you can't force it or necessarily assume it will happen, with fun consequences for your stack if it doesn't. Output results would be the same - that's concerned with program correctness, regardless of whether it's written in a function, object-oriented, or procedural paradigm. It should instead be compared with how long it took to engineer and build the system or program in a particular paradigm and the qualitative engineering aspects of a particular platform. FP may be amazing for certain areas, but a difficulty in basing a large-scale project or business on it would be hampered by the small supply of developers who can comfortably program in it. Zelle is more than that: Zelle is a new interbank network for free and instant money transfers that avoids the Federal Reserve ACH system that PayPal, SquareCash, etc use which takes 24-36 business hours for money to move. I'm surprised that Zelle is moving so slowly - it's a great selling point for a bank/CU. Alas, the system doesn't allow for non-personal payments, so the banks want to preserve their commercial payments processing income. That mountains are still 20+ miles east of Redmond. There's still plenty of building opportunities if you look around Redmond Ridge, Duvall, Carnation, Fall City and Monroe. Many local governments are very happy to build more housing: more housing = more residents = more local tax income. The problem is everyone else who votes against rezoning. 80 years is too short. That's only 20 American presidential terms. But not all gambling is "gambling": Insurance is gambling, for example. Picking mutual funds and ETFs for your retirement plan is gambling. "Gambling" has connotations of immoral behaviour, especially in zero-sum or always-lose scenarios like poker and casinos. I don't think it's fair to describe educated and informed investment or buy-ins with words like that. I think "risky venture" is a less loaded, more neutral, term to describe it instead. As it is, I don't see Bitcoin and other currencies as true investments - just yet - I see the surge in Bitcoin mainly as a "distributed Ponzi-scheme" instead: those who are cashing-out now are those who bought-in early and being paid by the people buying it now - and the people buying it now expect more other people to buy into it later, pushing the price higher while supply and availability dwindle (owing to BTC's 28M cap). However, unlike a Ponzi-scheme, Bitcoin, Ethereum and others do have utility as a means of moving money around independently of existing, often state-controlled, bank networks or remittance services - and eventually Bitcoin will be the tool of choice for that - and when the tens of millions of people wanting to move money around do so is when we will know the real, unhyped, value of Bitcoin - until then, the question is if $7,000 USD/BTC is an obscene over-valuation, or is still comically low - and I don't know which side to believe. We'll get a better idea when, or if, legacy companies like Western Union and SWIFT get involved - or when real-time BTC transactions cost less than a VISA or Mastercard transaction (say ~3%). Right now a 250 byte transaction will cost 54,240 satoshi ($3.83) and take 30 minutes to get the first confirmation - making it totally unacceptable for retail purchases, for example. Hopefully when the Lightning Network or other solutions get finalized we'll start to see some real traction, but how many bubbles will burst before then? (Disclaimer: I'm a HODLer of BTC and ETH). SVG was a mistake, but we're stuck with it. Does SVG offer any advantages over, say, EMF/WMF? I know a strong advantage of WMF is that the file format translates 1:1 into GDI calls, which makes it very fast - but I don't see EMF files rendered with anti-aliasing or complex gradients. What about PDF or PostScript? Simplicity of implementation. GDI's drawing primitives exist in practically all other drawing APIs so translating it to Cairo, OpenGL, or Direct2D should be trivial. Ecosystem lock-in. I remember shortly after Twitter launched there were many copycat microblogging services and the community had grand ideas of an "SMTP for Microblogging" so Mentions, Retweets and the like would work in a distributed fashion between service-providers, you could even run your own fully federated microblog off a Raspberry Pi in your garage if you wanted. Twitter kept themselves in the lead - not just by delivering a superior user-experience (Nazis and trolls notwithstanding...) but also cultivating a developer community in a way that kept people off rival platforms - before stabbing them in the back in recent years (e.g. no support for polls in third-party clients). This announcement is a continuation of the strategy: Twitter is making more data about their platform available, other platforms aren't as open, so people will stick with Twitter because their data is available - and it also benefits them directly because these "Premium" APIs do cost money to access: > Pricing for these elevated tiers of the Search Tweets API starts at $149/month Office and Windows don't share the same repo... More than likely it was a project that only builds in a long-discontinued non-conforming C/C++ compiler that only runs on Windows 95. When I was working at MS very recently I was surprised to learn that all software affected by the Sun lawsuit, way back in 2001, was still strictly verboten, even internally. All builds of Windows 95 through XP SP1 were absent from the internal builds and products shares just as they are from MSDN. I don't believe Microsoft would have somehow lost this source code as the article speculates - more likely they reasoned that the effort needed to get a build environment set-up and working would take more time than finding someone on the team who really knows x86 assembly well enough to manually fix the bug - and there are plenty of people like that on campus. Always be sure to backup your IPA files (you need the "special" iTunes version for this) so you can reinstall apps you've paid for on other devices. But this is the main reason why Surface RT bombed in 2012: Microsoft sold it as a "Windows" tablet - the connotation being that users could run Steam and Chrome on it, not specially-compiled apps running in the anemic Windows Store App sandbox. I appreciate things are different now in 2017 with x86 emulation (or dynamic translation) and the ability for most Win32 programs to be repackaged as *.appx - but Microsoft misses the implication to consumers again: users expect the freedom to install and download software from wherever - just like their x86 desktop machines. No-one is asking for an iOS style App Store for Windows and it's starkly visible by how poorly the Windows App Store is still doing. Cynically, I suspect everyone at MSFT is well-aware of this and they fully expect Windows 10-for-ARM to sink for these exact reasons, they're just doing this as a repeat of their protest moves to remind Intel not to take their x86 monopoly for granted, and the addition of x86 support is a particularly bloody (but ultimately harmless) fist to the nose. I'll point out that there is a very obvious use-case for Windows-on-ARM: low-power rackmountable/high-density server hardware for applications like web-servers and IO (not CPU)-bound database servers. No need for a 300W Intel Xeon box, or even a 150W Intel Core i7 - a 20W ARM chip will do. If Microsoft announced a no-shit, just-like-x86 SKU of Windows Server with no artificial restrictions with the same 10 year support period then I guarantee that Dell and SuperMicro would jump at building and shipping ARM servers - but this hasn't happened, instead we got a ridiculously impractical "Windows IOT" SKU which feels more like a toy than the basis for business critical infrastructure. Server applications are much easier to port to ARM than desktop applications, given their lack of dependence on hardware associated with x86, like 3D graphics acceleration - or just users' expectation that a single executable binary should work everywhere. Servers are operated by businesses with professional sysadmins who know how to rebuild open-source applications for their machines or at least know the difference between downloading a program lablled "Thumb-2" vs "x64". Furthermore probably most server applications run on Java or .NET and can be trivially ported over to ARM. The fact we haven't seen a true Windows Server ARM means that we can immediately dismiss consumer-level releases of desktop Windows for ARM for now. I understand there are two ways Bitcoin is affected by a crypto quantum-computer: 1) A QC is able to derive the private-keys for a wallet's public address, allowing for the theft of bitcoin 2) A QC able to perform the proof-of-work algorithm to mine new blocks at an order-of-magnitude faster rate than currently possible. Fortunately for 1) (I think) it currently takes 2^512 (?) operations to break the private/public algorithm which is unfeasible to brute-force on normal hardware but a QC brings it down to 2^128 - but that's still on-the-order-of unfeasible - and in the event it ever does happen the blockchain could be changed overnight to use a new keying algorithm. And for 2) it would cause the blockchain difficulty to be pushed-up so high that people with QC machines would see the same ROI as today's industrial GPU and ASIC miners see - plus given that QC computers are horrendously expensive (think: billions of USD for a 50-bit general-purpose QC) it questions why you'd ever try to break Bitcoin as you'd already be a billionaire. I thought regulations are laws, just with a focus on technical details that can be changed more frequently and easily. Except for the unnecessary 5 second wait when accessing chase.com for the login prompt to appear. BTC is designed to evolve. If the problems you’ve described do turn out to be major issues then node software will be updated to address those concerns. While difficult, I’ll admit, it is not impossible to add sharding (for example) to the BTC Core network. That, and the fact the new XAML UX framework can only be used by AppX apps that run in the sandbox. “Normal”, otherwise unconstrained Win32 programs can’t use it. I don’t think certain benefits like healthcare and 401(k) accounts can be conferred that way if you’re W-2, but if you’re 1099 I see absolutely no reason not to. Bitcoin.com is unrelated to the Bitcoin Core project at Bitcoin.org. Apart from the very slow response times, of course. Slightly off topic, but I do sometimes experience a pleasant and relaxing, but short-lived (5-15 minute) “high” from caffeine comparable to a mild Adderrall high without the motivation drive. People I’ve spoken to about this have generally been dismissive of it as placebo or saying it is atypical - am I alone in experiencing this? Only accept coins that were directly mined by the originating wallet's holder, use a new receiving address for each transaction, and sell BTC for cash in real-life parking-lot transactions. Launch a chrooted daemon that uses Meltdown to read protected memory to discover when a local console user (presumably root/sudo) logs-in, then read the protected memory of the keyboard input buffer (keyboard interrupt handler? Console buffer?) to grab their password, then mail() it off to your email account and login as root via SSH from the comfort of your own home. I see it as the Intelligence-Industrial complex flipside to the “Information wants to be free” adage: “FULL OUTER JOIN allTheThings AS you”. What kind of precautions did they recommend? Truecrypt has deniable encryption and duress passwords. But can those restaurant workers now comfortably ( too popular . They really seem bent on squeezing the most from their century-old investment in ICE. Most countries gurantee a right to education, but driving a car is considered a privilege - which is why congestion charges seem more palatable, to me at least, compared to a use-fee for education. ...not that it doesn't happen already. Don't most public schools charge parents for meals at school, after-school activities, and equipment if they join the varsity sports team? I’m curious what it means for Fat Binaries in general. Methinks this will be the first time in a long while where Apple became a true CPU monoculture on the desktop, previously they straddled 68k, PowerPC, IA-32, and AMD64. It gives Apple an excuse to stop using Fat executables entirely - unless they decide to look at using ARM on laptops... IRC DCC doesn’t work behind a NAT. No voice, video or screen-sharing. No message search feature. Advocating IRC over Slack is analogous to arguing we should be using Gopher instead of WWW because of ActiveX. It’s like that at BlueOrigin too. I visited twice (they gave me a job offer but withdrew it after I got badmouthed by a reference, gah). They have an avionics software engineering room right next to where they assemble the engines. I asked permission from all of my references beforehand. Two were coworkers and the last was my previous team lead. I knew all of them had positive opinions regarding my work. The problem was BlueOrigin’s reference-questionnaire. One of my references shared it with me afterwards. It’s a stock template - except pretty much all the questions seem contrived to find reasons not to hire someone. One of the questions was along the lines of “On a percentage scale where would you rank [candidate] relative to other people you have worked with?” (Which is s problem if you’re a relatively poor player in a high-performing team). Another was (almost verbatim) “Please provide a reason why we should not hire [candidate]?” (As opposed to “Can you think of a reason?” - I was surprised that the question straight-up assumes there is a reason). BlueOrigin’s cooldown period is 2 years which is long for Seattle, when you consider SpaceX’s is 1 year and Google can be 6 months. My recruiter at BlueOrigin did tell me to re-apply though and gave me his card. I’ll think about it. In the interests of honesty - I will say that I am not a model employee and I do have productivity problems - I’m sure that my references gave honest answers with good intentions and I accept that I’m probably not BlueOrigin-material: I have punctuality problems, I’ll spend half a day procrastinating then working late until 1am to make up for it, and I stilll often go on code refactoring crusades without telling anyone. Sometimes I think I wouldn’t even hire me anyway :) I speculate they needed a DRM-capable container in case the rightsholders demanded DRM when iTunes started selling lossless audio files. I interviewed for the superlative job title “Spaceflight systems avionics software engineer”. Contrary to your experience, I found the process to be very casual. They told me not to bring my resume, but to put together a PowerPoint presentation about my life. For one of my interviews the interviewing engineer didn’t even show up and his boss came in later and said (paraphrased): “you made it this far so I guess you’re good enough” and had me go see the next interviewer. It did take them 2 weeks to get back to me with the “We want to make you an offer”-call. My biggest surprise was that they were (and I assume still are) running Windows 7 on their dev boxes. To be fair, they already had my resume from earlier-on in the application process. It’s entirely predicated on luck, but rephrase luck as “opportunity” and see you then need to also have the skills and perseverence to capitalise on that opportunity. Of course, the problem is there is having the luck to be born into a situation where you could develop those skills and attitude, either through genetics or an encouraging family environment. I thought the same about MySpace and Digg after they were both eclipsed by Facebook and Reddit respectively - but to my surprise the owners both shut them down and relaunched reinvented versions many years later. Git supports this scenario as "sparse checkouts": https://git-scm.com/docs/git-read-tree - see this QA: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4114887/is-it-possible-t... I’m struggling to think of a project that released a new version to accommodate some far-off limit that wasn’t blindsided and obsoleted by something operating on a different paradigm - like using YYMMDD for dates, the changing it to YYYYMMDD for Y2K when they should have been using integer time_t - but then that was 32-bit and now 64-bit. But we won’t even be 10% of the way there before a relativistic-capable time system will replace it. So why worry? We’re doomed to rewrite it anyway :) 96-bit, and other non-power-of-two systems are cumbersome and error-prone to work with in C - which is often used when writing firmware for computer hardware. The real risks of economic damage caused by bit-fiddling bugs is much greater than the risk of bringing the universe’s thermodynamic heat-death ever so slightly nearer... We now need to determine the spin direction of buttered toast. > If I want to call a business I have to go to their website just to look up the phone number. Google Maps’ business lookup works 90% of the time for me, including listing opening hours. They’re good at listing numbers for non-retail businesss too. That’s a very callous attitude, and an incorrect one, I believe. Not everyone has the same ability to learn about different subjects equally - even amongst groups with the same intellignece levels. It sounds like you’re arguing that one’s entire future career, even in post-secondary and undergraduate level, is decided entirely by their grade-average across all their subjects. This will disqualify many talented individuals from studying (and consequently working in) areas that strongly interest them simply for having an inability to adequately perform in completely unrelated areas. How is that a meritocracy? Take myself, for example: I have ASD, I have “special interests” and my brain is incredibly stubborn and demotivated to do anything outside certain narrow interest areas. I did exceptionally well in my UK A-Level electives (maths/physics/compsci, etc, getting mostly top grades) compared to my GCSEs that we’re far more broader (English Lit, Biology, Chemistry, Theology, etc) where I got mostly B-grades. After getting my degree I landed a job at a high-profile software company in the US, launching me into a career and a very high tax bracket. Hopefully this means my net societal impact is positive. But under your proposal, my hardwired unwillingness to memorise Shakespeare and compare Dickens with Steinbeck should condemn me to never entering academia to study what I enjoy. I think you’re referring to the No Child Left Behind act - is that still relevant today? I was hoping that Obama’s education secretary rolled-back the worst parts of that. I'm hoping there will be more land-reclamation projects from the Pacific or even inside the Bay itself. Maybe that's Ellon's plan: use Tunnel Boring machines to make transport tunnels, and use the extracted earth to push back the coastline to make more habitable land! I want to know how it would work if the plaintiff proceeded on the case in good-faith but they lost the case on a technicality or other conclusion that doesn’t mean the defendant was found innocent - what happens then? I like that analogy: “setting a lottery number” - that feels more accurate than the typical way the lay media explains mining, usually a variation of “solving lots of puzzles”. “Puzzle” implies some cognition is required to come to a solution - not that effort is being wasted by brute-forcing something. “ASIC-resistance” just means “needs lots of RAM”. Eventually someone will figure out how to make oodles of RAM sufficient for a many-core custom processor. Heck, modern SSDs (e.g. Intel Optane) might be fast enough to replace DRAM for these kinds of applications. Another kind of ASIC-resistance might be using dynamically-generated algorithms employing self-modifying code. You’d have to own a Xeon Phi to get good figures for that, methinks. It’s a shame PoW is based on arbitrary hashing instead of, say, “Proof-of-Folding@Home” - that would do some good at least, methinks. I understand companies like Tata have job-titles like “Account executive” for (relatively) low-level employees which meets the “Executive-level employment” critter and rule for EB-1 classification - even though the term “executive” is clearly overloaded and inappropriate in this context. The DMCA is not concerned with the security of Apple’s devices or “Secure Enclave” as Apple never said they existed for the sake of protecting copyright - that’s iTMS’s DRM which is entirely unrelated. It isn’t. Not by a far stretch compared to other well-developed nations. The rules about protected-classes are almost all the regulation there is. He (claims that he) sold/divested all of his LTC right around the peak in December because he wanted to be neutral in its development. Collecting against companies is far more easier than collecting from uncooperative private persons - assuming the company is "established" in some way. Given that Equifax is a very large company, collecting is easy: once you get your judgement, file for a Writ of Execution and have the sheriff in whatever CA county Equifax has an office in to visit them in-person and demand they cough up the money or they'll start literally seizing assets there-and-then. Failing that, you can also easily get a bank levy against whatever bank accounts Equifax has in your state - provided you can track-down their account details and financial institution: something you can do with an Examination of Assets hearing, which has an added bonus: if the company representative fails to appear they get a bench-warrant for their arrest which becomes a criminal matter. I'm surprised at how so many small-claim case victors sell their judgement to a collections firm for a fraction of its true value when collecting money is a lot easier and straight-forward than people imagine. You only need to go to a collections company if it isn't worth your time - not if the debtor isn't cooperative. The identity of the auditors would be public information and they would be under a lot of scrutiny. They would have to go through a lot of trouble to launder any bribe money they received. What use is a few million dollars if you can only spend it as petty cash? How? PRNGs come to mind, but they need a true random seed - something like a lava-lamp, but who controls the lava-lamp? Doesn’t a distributed, transparent system naturally lead to a deterministic system? I know many lotteries issue winnings as annuities (often with a lump-sum alternative, I know). But I’m surprised they don’t switch entirely to annuities simply because it avoids all the bad PR the lottery gets from people who mismanage the money. It’s probably better for the economy too as it’s harder to irresponsibly spend $20k every month for the rest of their lives than a $10m one-off payment: thus maximising utility of money. But to what end? What is their endgame? The USSR testing boundaries in the Cold War made sense because they needed real data for their concrete plans to cross the Rhine and conquer Western Europe - that’s what the Cold War was all about! Now it’s 2018 and I know Russia has lost their designs on Germany and France and seem primarily motivated to maintain a buffer territory, but testing limits is only going to move Russia’s neighbors into NATO - whereas if they at least played-by-the-rules and not acted so hostile and belligerent then it’s possivle they’d still hold a far more legitimate sway over eastern Ukraine and maybe even the Balkans. There are TV spots and billboards, I’m not sure where you’re getting that from. TV spots: https://www.google.com/search?q=youtube+uk+party+political+b... Billboards: https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=david+cameron+billb... The i-Series are not all-electric: only the base-model i3 is - which has an unimpressive range without the optional gasoline-powered range extender, while the i8 is a hybrid with a 3-cylinder engine. As other posters have pointed out, did the ads say 3 years’ experience in a similar job - or 3 years’ experience with a particular language, framework or platform? Even if someone has a Bachelors in CS, I wouldn’t hire for an entry-level C++ gif without 3 years’ experience with the language: I expect them to pick it up during their time in academia - especially as many (of the best) start coding in high-school or earlier. So in fact, I’d be alarmed if an applicant with a CS degree didn’t claim at least 3 years experience with a common instructional language like Java. Cable TV was originally a way for communities outside of broadcast OTA TV reception areas to receive TV signals with little signal-degradation. People paid only for the ability to receive channels - not for the channels themselves. Premium TV came later. Ahhh I thought it stood for "CAble TV". The 2014 ThinkPad X1 Carbon had an e-ink touch strip instead of an F-row (exactly like the MBP does). It didn’t work very well: poor display contrast, hard to see in bright daylight, can’t feel for keys, slow response time, etc. They switched back to real keys for the 2015 model release. ...that’s why Apple’s adoption of it surprised me the most: I saw how it on the ThinkPad added no value, and while Apple has greater integration and will undoubtedly encourage third-party devs to use it - it will still be too fiddly and complicated. I think Apple’s too proud to kill it off in just one project cycle - but I can’t see Apple’s management justifying continued investment of time into maintaining it. The fact they didn’t include it in their latest desktop keyboard (for a Pro users no-less!) says something. It had a smooth plastic window over it without any matte-finish or anti-reflective coating. Couple that with how the keyboard area is often in the shade made it hard to see. Vehicle safety regulations. TPM isn’t about locking down machines - they’re about enabling the user (who is always in control) to establish a trust chain for software on the machine - and to serve as a secure store for cryptographic secrets so they become inaccessible from the rest of the system. You can have lock-out without the TPM anyway - like the pre-Fingerprint reader iPhones. Digg died for me when they shifted the focus of their front-page from Technology and Headline News to more “mainstream” topics - eventually the frontoage was entirely NFL-related story links - this was a while after the AACS incident. I wouldn’t call the Nissan Leaf or GM Bolt+Volt luxury cars at any stretch - thought I appreciate they’re priced $10k more than they should be. I’m still convinced GM and BMW are deliberately trying to delay, if not sabotage, the mass adoption of BEV cars. Microsoft ditched individual offices starting in 2014. At least half of the Redmond campus is in “team rooms” now - with mixed results. DevDiv stil operates as its own business - and the profit margins for licenses for Visual Studio (and Azure subscriptions) is higher than Windows. The bulk of Microsoft’s Windows license fees come from OEMs anyway. Seattle + King County has battery-electric busses now. They had a trial run over the past few years but this year they’re rolling out more BEV busses without the hype vinyl wraps (I.e. they’re permanent): https://www.kiro7.com/news/all-electric-zero-emission-buses-... I want to think that’s just consumers’ preferences shifting towards SUV and Crossover cars that necessarily have poor rear visibility. Nothing about having a good rear crumple-zone leads to restricting the size of the rear window or placement of the C-pillars. I drive a Tesla MX. If Tesla folds and my car gets destroyed I’m tempted to get the Jaguar iPace - it’s the only other “skateboard” BEV currently available. I don’t understand why all the other BEVs go for the “batteries in the trunk”-design when the skateboard model is clearly far superior. > The attitude that the public doesn’t know what’s good for them is disgusting; it’s the very core of the nanny state. It’s very demonstrable though - it’s why practically every country has an equivalent to US Social Security - and why most democracies are Representative instead of Direct. Your argument would have more strength if the BBC or national arts funds operated in a vacuum - but they exist in competition with other private, profit-driven organisations. I feel it’s important that the public get exposure to programming that commercial sponsors (and thus network-execs/channel directors) wouldn’t touch. And it’s also essential for unbiased (or as close to unbiased as we can get) broadcast journalism. (I accept that when a “Premium”-service customer base is large enough, e.g. HBO-sized, the need for state funding is minimised - I think HBO in particular is in a good place to launch a US-based, commercial-free broadcast news service - but smaller countries and markets would definitely need to employ some form of state funding to ensure editorial independence and an informed populace - which can only be good for democracy) The cameras used in applications like these are not like your typical 24-bit RGB cameras in phones or webcams that need gain adjustment: their sensors support a very high range of brightness values (like "high dynamic range") - but the video released to the public and the media would be MPEG/H.26x/etc which do not support HDR - or at least most video players wouldn't. The police probably lacked the expertise to know to demand the raw high-range camera data but instead just asked for "the video" and it's possible Uber deliberately took advantage of their ignorance to release a video that mitigates their culpability. (The elcomsoft article is down for me, so I don't know the details but) I think it's to do with DFU ("Definitely Fucked-up") mode in iPhones that lets you install a new OS version when the main iOS won't boot-up successfully. Windows will download the file to a temporary location (while blocking the UI thread for this!) and then pass the path of that temporary file to the application. It works but is far from perfect - I won’t be surprised if it drops support for that little trick in a near release of Windows. I still want to know why Windows supports this yet still doesn’t ship with a native command-like equivalent to curl or wget (PowerShell doesn’t count) “Survey-ads” are an option too. There’s a couple of similar Mechanical Turk micro-task vendors but they’re selective about who they partner with. CSS selectors are highly dependent on the structure of your HTML. If you refactor your HTML then you’ll be required to rewrite many of your CSS selectors. None of that is surprising at all, but jQuery makes it hard to abstract the use of CSS selectors away from the rest of your UI code. Compare with Angular2+ where the logical separation of Components and the HTML of the template is rigidly enforced making refactoring and “scaling” considerably easier. jQuery is library that provides DOM shorthand - it isn’t a true application framework. The warning goes away for "widely used" binaries. I maintain a desktop application (with MSI installer) for a niche industry with a few hundred users and for the first few weeks they had the scary red warning, but after then they started seeing the blue, non-scary pop-up, even for new binaries provided they're signed with the same certificate. We have a Comodo code-signing cert (non-EV though) which costs ~$70/yr through Tucows (remember them?). Credit card interest payments go to the bank. Visa/MasterCard don’t get any of that. I was in DevDiv at the time of the launch of VS Code (but on a different team): The pressure was on to ship a cross-platform editor ASAP to support the new cross-platform .NET infrastructure. This was very much an "IBM PC"-project with the Directors tasking a small team to get something done and to disregard the NIH culture. Atom was chosen as the platform because it was already close to what they needed with the right license. Heck, the rush to ship was so intense that they screwed up the name (I forget the story exactly, but "VS Code" was not the name the MSFT naming department came up with, but the name they initially chose turned out to be used elsewhere and they didn't have the time to come up with something trademarkable so they just sighed and shipped as "Visual Studio Code"). Anyway - I think the VS Code experience helped with Microsoft's institutional "fear" of pushing ahead with a JavaScript ecosystem elsewhere - I think the knock-on effects contributed towards the Office org's recent announcement to add JS as a first-class macro language in Excel, I just wish it was TypeScript instead. Xamarin has a good reputation too. The Blended wing concept has issues with evacuating passengers quickly and safely enough - nothing to do with windows. I do actually store gloves in my car’s glovebox though. Make “USB Condoms” that only have the power pins, no data. Educate users to see if these no-data devices have data pins. I imagine if this really is an attack the attacker would expect these devices to be subject to scrutiny - perhaps the first set of fans released to journalists are safe, but as the summit goes on and the initial reports cleared them then just bribe hotel staffers to surreptitiously replace them with Trojan Horse devices. Or have just a small subset of devices as THs and hope the ones that get opened up are the safe ones. I understand Lightning is a worse connector because it places the “moving parts” (the bendable pins) in the recipient “female” socket in the host device which is subject to more wear-and-tear than the insertable plug which is on the cable which is more disposable. USB-C corrects this by placing more of the mechanical complexity in the plug again - though I’m wary of the thin plastic “tongue” in the socket. > Untested commits should never exist Says who? Branches and commits are cheap, it's how we can undo ourselves and freely experiment. I agree that untested commits into a publishing/release branch shouldn't exist: all commits there should be merges from dev branches, but to say every commit should be tested is utter bollocks and denies us the advantages of cheap branching and commits. > petty, deranged people That has not been established. Without knowing the author’s history or any background the only thing I can conclude from the conference’s organisers is that they are disorganised and with misplaced priorities: if a potential speaker alleges they’ve been incorrectly blacklisted (and shows no obvious warning signs) then investigating and rectifying the situation as necessary should be a high priority: that’s just good customer service and community leadership - especially as checking the pedigree of a Twitter blacklist is a trivial 5 minute task. If the author really was unwelcome for some reason or another they would have ignored his email or replied with an short “because...” message - not a “we don’t care” response - because that really does mean they really don’t care. (Though I’ll make a snark about how the JS community moves so fast that anything useful gleaned from a JS conf would be obsolete in a year’s time anyway - limiting the potential value of his attendance anyway) Where is the evidence that any “PC brigades” are raising illegitimate complaints affecting people’s careers? Your post reads like fear-mongering of laughably incorrect activist-left stereotypes. This is HN, we can do better than that. That’s a blanket statement that leaves too much wiggle-room. The UK’s NHS, for example, is partly private insofar as GPs and many other doctors work for themselves and contract themselves out to the NHS instead of being NHS employees. Correct me if I’m wrong, but a group of doctors could form an organization that forces its patients into binding arbitration for disputes while still being contracted to the NHS. It would result in a backlash of public opinion - but still possible. The NHS also has other private components: it used to run its own logistics division which was scrapped in recent years and replaced with services provided by couriers like DHL. It would be perverse if the court ordered Apple to modify iOS to support third-party app-stores. I see it as the same situation as video game console licensing: all games for the Xbox, PS and Nintendo must be approved by the platform owner and they take a cut from all sales. The "happy medium" we have today: where jailbreaking was found to be not illegal, works for as long as we can jailbreak. I note that iOS does now allow sideloaded apps too, though they still must run in the sandbox, but it does mean you can distribute an app that wouldn't be approved for the App Store. The EU had another workaround: impose a higher import tariff on video game consoles than general-purpose computers. Sony released a Linux kit for the PS2 so they could say the PS2 was a general-purpose computer, not a console. I think it worked initially but because hardly anyone bought the Linux kit (it wasn't sold at retail with the console) the customs people took a look and Sony had to start paying higher tariffs. Events like the Olympics - and athletics as we know it - will lose the public’s attention if the most publicsed events (e.g. men’s 100m) become giant genetics microoptimization pissing contests - but it’s the direction the sports-science industrial complex is heading in anyway; but I hope it will lead to less contested sports becoming more popular. [Gattaca spoiler warnings] > outperform genetically perfect individuals through sheer "human spirit" (the film's term) which manifested as work ethic, drive, will, etc. I didn't like Gattaca's message for that reason: it's fallacious to suggest those mental attributes aren't also subject to genetic advantages. Another issue with the story is that the protagonist has a heart condition, and in the end he got on the spaceship's crew, which meant other people's lives were put at risk if he collapsed due to that heart condition in-transit. Salute the human spirit, but he put others at risk for his own benefit, and that's irresponsible and immoral. > I could see a future where we've settled on the perfect genetic template for specific disciplines so we progress on to brain chemistry and/or psychology in order to reproduce the spirit aspect which separates the merely genetically blessed from the world class athletes. Adderall, lol. There’s also astral navigation (how did automatic AN computers work in the 1970s/1980s anyway? CCD and mememy tech was far more primitive, so I really want to know the technical details) - and ground-based radio beacons. Twitter does have voting - so I’m not sure what your point is. MSTeams still has issues: the top one being that it’s tied to Office 365 and the app won’t let you sign-in to multiple accounts. You can only join the MSTeams account associated with your Office 365 subscription - or as a limited “Guest” user of another account at their invitation - and there’s no sign this is going to change any time soon. - and of course, the user-experience for switching accounts isn’t the best either. > Or a program to prevent the parents from having 5+ kids when they don't have the resources? Out of curiosity, what have the sociologists concluded from China’s one-child policy? Windows NT was a hybrid: the graphics and windowing system is in the kernel for performance reasons (try running X on commodity hardware in the early 1990s) whereas Windows CE was all microkernel. What if “asylums” were much better funded and better equipped - closer to (if not exceeding) celebrity rehab facilities than today’s popular-culture impression of an archaic asylum? Myself and many of my followers and the people that I follow are suddenly starting to adopt Mastodon, especially with clients that cross-post to both Twitter and Mastodon - because we just don’t like the official Twitter client and are unhappy with Twitter’s recent killing-off of third-party clients. Farmers under the CAP aren’t just paid “to not farm” but also paid to perform conservation work, and fields that aren’t being used to grow crops can be used as pasture for livestock (to my understanding, please correct me if I’m wrong) and it’s also integrated into crop rotation (where you need a fallow-field for a couple of years anyway) - so I mean the concept of “being paid not to farm” is a misrepresentation. What constitutes journalism? I remember in the mid-2000s that online-journalists whose sites had millions of impressions per month were denied journalism visas because they weren’t traditional established print newspapers - then there was a debate about the difference between a blogger and a journalist. I’d like to know if a non-journalist who maintained a very popular blog, such as an influential software engineer, who occasionally blogs about political or topical stories, constitutes a journalist or not. If they’re in the country for an industry conference but write about political events on their blog while they’re in the country have they violated their visa? Given Apple’s current market-cap - over 1TN USD - you’ll need a lot of investors. You’d have much better success by spending a fraction of the money to hire goons to kidnap Apple’s executives driving home from work and “convince” them to change corporate policy that way. WinRT is so very nice - but it's insane how most of its benefits and services are exposed only to UWP applications. And now you can't even embed Edge into your own applications. Microsoft recently released a new web-view control for desktop programs which actually works by hosting Edge in its own process and blitting the page render back into your application. I'm from the UK too: we had a Dell XPS Dimension back in 1996, it came with the OSR-1 release which still had the original shell-based MSN client, so we signed up for the free 30-day trial included in the box so we could get on the Internet as well as to check-out the MSN stuff. I have memories of clicking around the original Explorer-shell based Internet Gaming Zone (zone.com would launch later) - then the free trial expired and we switched to CompuServ and Netscape. Only AOL was able to eke out a market in the UK - often the exclusive content they had was too American-centric to be of interest to Europeans, though I remember CompuServ was popular in academia. When we were in CompuServ we only used it to get on the Internet - so after subscription-free ISPs like FreeServe and LibertySurf were launched we instantly ditched CompuServe. There's no reason to get tires changed at a dealership location: dedicated tire stores will generally be cheaper (absent some incentive coupons or so). Unlike general vehicle servicing or bodyshops, tire shops don't need any OEM-controlled parts, training or service instructions. To me, it's surprising that a hybrid vehicle would be the most reliable given it couples an entire ICE drivetrain (inherently unreliable in its own right) with an electric system. I'm assuming Toyota appreciated the risks and put effort into using higher-reliability components into their hybrid cars - especially as the Prius brand could be devalued quickly if it ever developed a reputation for poor reliability. At risk of being downvoted, I reject the advice in this article and instead advocate designers sticking to “core fonts” (Tahoma, etc) or CSS’s built-in family names. I accept that brochure-style websites genuinely benefit from being able to use the corporate identity’s prescribed typeface for prose, but for non-branded content-heavy pages such as blogs and, uh, “content” the actual utility provided is, in this commenter’s opinion, overrated. A great argument against custom fonts on the web is that the “core fonts” have been designed for the screen, especially low-DPI environments - whereas I imagine a typical latter-day web-designer will be using a Retina-screen on a Mac - causing them to lose empathy for their 96dpi brethren who have to suffer with blurry and misaligned fonts on their webpages that were clearly designed for print, not screen, use. I filter web fonts in my main Chrome profile and I’m in no hurry to re-enable that functionality. The video files are DRM encrypted - I don’t know how long iTunes or macOS retains local decryption key caches (especially if it uses Apple’s TPM equivalent) but based on my experiences with the iOS App Store provided you retain the actual video file then Apple will still grant you a decryption key. iOS App Store apps that have been removed from the store can still be installed on a new iPhone if you still have the IPA file. (Unfortunately newer versions of iTunes don’t let you backup and restore IPA files anymore and even “iPhone backups” don’t include apps themselves anymore, only your app’s user data.) Flashbacks to attending secondary school in 1999: “you got the Internet at home then?” “Yes, I have the Internet.” Budgets also come from perceived market demand. Is the market for HIV maintenance products bigger or smaller than the market for HIV vaccination drugs? (Cynically I'd remark a one-off HIV vaccine shot would eliminate the need for lifelong maintenance drugs, and shareholders get the best returns with that latter...) It's a travesty that juries don't have a voice in a trial. It benefits no-one. Specifically the Model X: It’s electric and with gull-wing doors. As a bonus the front bumper has an uncanny resemblance to the Model 3’s design. I’d love it if StackOverflow would let me select code text and automatically reformat it according to some standard spec (I don’t care which set of opinions are used provided it’s readable!) - too many inexperienced (or unqualified, it seems) people copy and paste ad-hoc written SQL that I always have to manually reformat myself when I edit their questions for readability. This is exactly what is holding back Win32: there has not been any serious development of the desktop developer story since WPF in 2005 (WPF only received token updates since then, the last major update was in 2010 when they finally added a DataGrid control, lol) - but WPF is not well-suited for many types of software which have to fall-back on “pure” Win32 and the story there is nothing but depressing. Apple got it right with Cocoa (nee Nextstep) - it’s something they have been gradually building on with incremental improvements, continuously forwards and upwards - whereas Microsoft has been launching new, short-lived and incompatible (and incomplete) platforms for the past 15 years: WinForms, WPF, Silverlight, Jupiter (Win 8.1), UWP (Win10), etc. The story is so bad Microsoft’s own flagship software has to build their own UI frameworks (Office has its own, Windows Media Center had some arcane prototype of WPF, even the Windows 10 Start Menu uses some UI+Graphics framework that’s not exposed to third-party developers). Win32 needs some serious work - not least because Win32 is “infected” with GDI which has its own issues. WinRT was nice but nowhere near sufficient. It's a graphics API designed for early-1990s needs. It's missing things we expect today like 30-bit colour support and all-VRAM memory (GDI was hardware accelerated but they gimped it in Windows Vista to ensure compatibility with the DWM). When working with Win32 it just isn't possible to avoid having to use GDI, for example dealing with painting to a window surface Win32 will give you a GDI device context by default - for example, similarly handling Win32 messages like WM_PAINT uses parts of the GDI API. Finally, each process on Windows has a limited number of GDI objects it can use as well. Oh, and using GDI/GDI+ in a service context (e.g. ASP.NET or a Windows Service, is not supported: https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/dsui_team/2013/04/16/using-... ) Direct2D is nice - but setting it up in your code isn't easy - and Microsoft does not maintain an up-to-date C#/.NET library for Direct2D. Probably easier to build “smart” Cat5 cables that draw PoE to energise a chip in a connector to power a long-range antennae built-in to the cable (outside the shielded layer, of course) to broadcast whatever goes on inside of it to the outside - and put 500x of them in a cable box delivered right outside an Apple iCloud data-center under the guise of a typo’d purchase-order from Monoprice or Tiger Direct. But with PoE-levels of power you could broadcast a very long range away, useful if you have no way of getting someone on the inside. It's worse than that: my files were deleted as Windows Update downloaded the files before it even asked me if I wanted to install the update. I never even had a chance. Slight downside: apparently Office 365 won't support LTSC soon: https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Windows-IT-Pro-Blog/C... But how long will perpetual Office licenses be sold by Microsoft? Problem is... 75% of Microsoft’s customers will be satisfied with Office 365 - the other 25% are utterly allergic to the notion of losing sovereignty over their data, but knowing Microsoft they’ll optimise for that 75% and eventually stop servicing the remaining 25% who desire perpetual licenses and on-prem storage, presumably they’ll be happy with OpenOffice thus giving MS’ Office org an excuse to ditch that market segment entirely. ...and that would trigger Microsoft’s aping of Apple’s similar departure from their customer base, which means they lose their halo effect. Tesla is a young car company - yet they’re punching above their weight so easily. I’m aware of the safety benefits inherent in the skateboard-battery chassis design but that doesn’t account for all of the safety accolades they’ve received. Why aren’t the other automakers doing as well in the NHTSA tests as Tesla? Cynically I’d suppose the incumbents are heavily optimised to maximise shareholder value so vehicle safety might actually be reduced to maximise profit given expected liability from damages (Fight Club comes to mind) while Tesla is still idealistic and expends a certain amount of profitability for absolute safety. Is this really the case or is there a better explanation for it? I can’t speak for those, but the Ford Focus Electric is based on the original ICE Focus design and has the batteries in the rear cargo area (and no frunk either). The lack of a big chunk of metal where the engine would be - without augmenting the front crumple zone - presumably lessens the Electric Focus’ front impact safety rating based on the physics alone. How does a Mack/Volvo truck rear-end an SUV such that it ends up under the trailer? Those locomotives don’t have much ground clearance... I drive a Model X and I got it precisely because of the extra space :) Ebaum, perhaps - but I wouldn’t say that about Newgrounds: it was all about user-submitted content, especially original Flash content, instead of being manually curated. I presume that's because the other half is mostly the Pacific Ocean (along one plane), or the empty southern oceans (along the other plane). I assume they went for utilitarianism, as opposed to actively discriminating against people living in Alaska and Japan. Is “network terminal” still a useful target? Disregarding the “elegance” of the X model, isn’t there still merit to the integrated approach of Windows’ User32 and kernel-modec local high-performance, low-latency graphics? It’s not like Crysis players in 2007 were asking for remote terminal support then - or now. Citrix, MS RDP, TeamViewer, VNC and the majority of those other tools you mentioned use fundamentally different architectures to X: they’re based on either local framebuffer mirroring (VNC, TeamViewer, etc) or proxying the local (2D) graphics and windowing API (Citrix, MS RDP). All of those systems are still based on fast local-only graphics and windowing systems, not the “network-first” design that X brings. The article is written by a member of a team that publishes a lot of articles advancing this hypothesis - heck, that’s exactly what this article is about. I’m not qualified to judge the claims on-merit, but the self-serving nature of this article sets off my skepti-sense, and the fact this “major” revelation doesn’t come first-published in a notable journal is the strongest hint the research (while still useful) is probably vastly overstated. Isn't there already precedent for the state to step-in to ensure the continued survival of privately-owned and operated corporations and infrastructure that society has taken a strong dependency on? ("too big to fail", etc) Scantron doesn't allow for write-in candidates and it's very easy to design an unusable scantron form that's confusing and difficult to follow. Another issue is that often the scantron circles are small and too close together, making it difficult for people without fine motor control to vote: the solution is a form with much larger circles and spacing but that would be wasteful and inefficient for the majority of voters. All we need now is a MySQL client written entirely in JavaScript. That depends on the functionality requirements of noSQL customers. I posit that writing a new, indepedent RDBMS that implements the latest SQL spec with the same maganement and replication capabilities as the incumbents is on-par with trying to compete with WebKit and Gecko. The SQL Server engineering team at Microsoft is about 1,000 people according to my friends on campus. Whereas implementing a Key-Value Store is orders of magnitude simpler. There is plenty of room for innovation, of course - but you don’t need 1,000 people to build-on some new replication scheme or distributed backend. If you take a simple NoSQL system then tack on things like object scheme support, JSON blob value indexes, node graph support, etc you’ll end up with an RDBMS analogue. So the barrier-to-entry to building a NoSQL system is much lower than a RDBMS - and for many companies they might decide to build their own rather than extend an existing system - leading to more completion but not necessarily a better product. Right - and FoxPro was just another dBase clone. NoSQL today is where dBase was 30 years ago. Every BSD system I’ve used never had X installed, let alone a web-browser - but now I’m curious what a text-mode Flash player would be like. And the bad PR of news reports of people dying because they can’t afford our lifesaving products can be addressed by issuing a press release announcing price cuts and a coupon program which will both be ended after the public moral outrage dies down. Act too unethically and with popular opinion against you you’ll quickly find legislation against your interests. Null-terminated strings are useful for buffering values of unknown length (e.g. copying from a network stream). Length-prefixed strings have issues of their own (e.g. what size length prefix to use, efficient encoding of variable-length integer prefixes, what happens if a length-prefixed string's calculated end-position is outside the process' memory space?) Depends if you subscribe to the idea that open-sourcing something is equivalent to putting it out to pasture. MS’ problem is that Visual Studio is the only “real” software they produce that uses WPF - which also happens to be a flagship product. They need WPF to stay up-to-date but they can’t afford to invest their own FTE resources into it either when other products are more important as far as the C-levels are concerned. I’m curious what this means for UWP XAML - as it has its origins in WPF. Can Microsoft use open contributed WPF code in UWP? It’s broken insofar as there isn’t a complete and coherent “developer story” for building a Windows desktop application that doesn’t look like it came from the 1990s. I call it “the Photoshop test”: Pretend you’re Adobe and you just invented Photoshop in 2018. How do you build the GUI for each desktop operating system? ...considering you need to do things like OpenGL hardware acceleration, 30-bit color, support binary plugins, and access certain low-level hardware features (e.g. supporting TWAIN, Pro-level broadcast media devices and interfaces, etc). On Windows it’s an unfortunate situation because all of the “new” application frameworks since 1998 are unsuitable: WPF is .NET only, UWP requires your application to run in a sandbox, you can’t even use MFC because it’s tightly coupled to User32 with its lack of support for 30-bit color. The only choice is the long hard road of doing almost everything by yourself through low-level interfaces with the DWM. Not pretty. The sad thing is that UWP is very capable - if it weren’t for the sandboxing then it would be perfect (that, and you would need to build your own widget library as UWP’s stock set is almost entirely touch-first controls that are utterly inappropriate for a mouse-first desktop UI)