As I understand this, the CMU team allegedly deanonymized SR2 in the course of their research, and then shared the information with the FBI. Once they had done that, they were allegedly forced to withdraw their Black Hat presentation. There's also the issue that the CMU team had NSA funding. I haven't seen any claims that the CMU team was initially focusing on SR2 and other "illegal" sites. But I wouldn't be surprised by that. If that's what happened, it wasn't a wiretap. It was a tip. It's common knowledge that the FBI, DEA, etc have typically relied on the NSA for such exploits. But this would not have helped against the attack described here: https://blog.torproject.org/blog/tor-security-advisory-relay... Once a malicious relay becomes an entry guard for a hidden service, it's game over. The association of SR2 deanonymization with CMU's withdrawn Black Hat presentation is indeed speculative. But there's arguably more to it than innuendo. Time will tell. It's well known that the DoD has funded Tor from the start. But it's at least decent of them to independently fund CMU to compromise it ;) I'm thinking mainly of EFF, Bamford's books, and the Snowden releases. Are you claiming that parallel construction isn't SOP? Reaching way back, why do you think that the Weathermen got a pass in Chicago? There's also the fact that iCloud backups are encrypted with keys that Apple controls. So even if messages are securely end-to-end encrypted, Apple can produce available iCloud backups. Right. End-to-end encryption is just one of three key aspects. The second is hiding or randomizing metadata. Old-school Mixmaster nyms with Tor transport and alt.anonymous.messages as inbox does a good job. It's fatal weaknesses are complexity, and consequently small anonymity space. Services such as CounterMail, Tutanota and ProtonMail are taking user-friendly (abeit weaker and proprietary) approaches. DarkMail may eventually be a fundamental solution, but may be too ambitious. The third is end-point security. It's crucial to use full-disk encryption, and to avoid being exploited. That involves both software and wetware hardening. But even that's inadequate. It's essential to compartmentalize unconformable information in separate and isolated compartments. Isolation comprises all aspects: devices, network and Internet connectivity, communication partners, and so on. Using dm-crypt/LUKS, there's a very fast and total wipe to execute when sensors fail. Let's assume that /dev/sdb1 is the LUKS volume. First backup the LUKS header: "cryptsetup -v luksHeaderBackup --header-backup-file=/tmp/LUKS-header /dev/sdb1". Then encrypt (gpg -c) the LUKS-header, and anonymously stash a few copies online. This is the weak point. You must remember where at least one of them is, and also remember the passphrase. When sensors fail, swatd runs "head -c 1052672 /dev/urandom > /dev/sdb1; sync; shutdown -P now". To recover, you would just boot into initramfs, restore the LUKS header, and reboot. How about "head -c 1052672 /dev/urandom > /dev/sdb1; xinput set-int-prop 2 "Device Enabled" 8 0; xset dpms force off; xscreensaver-command --lock; sync; echo o > /proc/sysrq-trigger"? That way, the keyboard and display would be gone while sync was completing. Also, does rebooting protect better against reading RAM than shutting down? Many VPN services now provide obfuscated access. Some use haggismn's XOR patch for OpenVPN. Others provide access via SSH, Stunnel (SSL) and/or obfsproxy (obfs3). I presume that any approach developed for Tor could be used with VPN. Using meek, traffic is obfuscated and routed through arbitrary third-party sites. This works well, and is very fast: head -c 1052672 /dev/urandom > /dev/sdb1; xinput --disable 9; xinput --disable 10; xset dpms force off; sync; echo o > /proc/sysrq-trigger Authentication and quality control are obviously problematic with "illegal" (statist BS) drugs. While customer feedback on anonymous marketplaces does provide some assurance, it is easily gameable. Still, LSD is so potent that adulteration is not a serious risk. Few drugs are hazardous, let alone effective, at doses well under 1 mg. And those that are would not likely be sold as LSD, but rather explicitly as poisons. Blotter and windowpane are the safest dosage forms, because there is less capacity for adulterants. Starting with a low dose is prudent for many reasons. There's a good discussion of progressive dosing strategy in PiHKAL. Specifically: http://www.crackle.com/c/kidnapped?cmpid=3529&utm_medium=660... WTF? Good thing that we run NoScript ;) Is that the lesson of the day? Bitcoin arguably cannot become mainstream without secure hosted wallets. Most people won't use Bitcoins until wallets start looking like debit cards, with authenticated access, insurance, and so on. Even so, prudent investors will keep large balances in offline wallets, securely encrypted and backed up. In my experience, it's simplest to use multiple offline wallets, each in its own VM. To start using a wallet, one merely copies its VM to an online host, and appropriately configures network access for the VM. That's too proprietary for me. Too much could go wrong. If someone has enough Bitcoins to bother with offline wallets, knowing how to use VMs isn't too much to expect. I'm committed to freedom and requisite privacy. Bitcoins interest me primarily because they can (with some effort) be used anonymously. I advocate the compartmentalization of activity among multiple online identities. Each identity has dedicated VMs, and each VM reaches the Internet through some nested chain of VPNs, JonDonym and Tor. Consequently, Bitcoins end up in multiple VMs. Some VMs are associated with particular identities. Others are as anonymous as fresh Whonix instances can make them. I could transfer wallet credentials between VMs, but that would take about as much time as moving VMs around. Anyway, that's what using VMs as wallet holders gets me. My host machines all run Linux with dm-crypt/LUKS, and I have good physical security. If I were on the road, I'd buy a notebook for cash from some random shop, and boot Tails. If I had to, I could operate without local storage, using information that I had encrypted and archived online. But a Trezor, even fresh and charged with recovered wallet credentials, could be found and taken. Privacy at the browser level is hopeless! The answer is to compartmentalize. This VM and its convoluted Internet connectivity are pure Mirimir. I care not that the browser has been fingerprinted, that my IP has been logged, that evercookies have been placed, etc, etc, etc. I have used Qubes, and I highly recommend it. But mostly I use VirtualBox in Debian. If you search my handle, you'll find how-to guides and articles. Basically, I use local networks of gateway VMs to route traffic through nested chains of VPNs, JonDonym and Tor. I mostly use pfSense VMs, because they're so easy to secure. But Whonix is the best solution for using Tor. One could do the same in Qubes, more elegantly. And indeed, I got the idea of workspace and gateway VMs from Joanna Rutkowska's early posts about the Qubes project. Check out the link in my profile. There are a couple background articles on risk assessment and anonymity systems, and a series of eight how-to guides. I also write a lot on Wilders, and have at times on Tor.SE. I use various nested VPN chains, with three VPNs minimum. I also use a bunch of Whonix instances, connecting via VPN chains. And sometimes I play with JonDonym. Pond works through Tor, and Pond servers are hidden services. I consider that using Tor makes me a target, so I go through at least three VPN services. More cogent is the comment on page 17: "I wanted to remind people about Eldo Kim here ( the Harvard bomb threat hoax ). He had pretty good Concealment ( was using Tor ) but had no cover to explain WHY he was using Tor at that time, and then gave it up under questioning." I don't get why he says "VPN connection to TOR => GOTOJAIL". How is it OK that your ISP sees you connecting to Tor, but dangerous if your VPN provider does? Or is this about some other issue? He says that Tor to VPN is OK, as long as you buy the VPN service anonymously. So I don't think that there's semantic confusion. Also, there is a clear downside to tunneling VPNs through Tor, in that it prevents circuit switching, which increases vulnerability to deanonymization. Maybe I'm lying ;) http://www.cidrdb.org/cidr2015/Papers/CIDR15_Paper16.pdf I'd say 2015 :) Here is a list of potential targets that we investigated (they all call gethostbyname, one way or another), but to the best of our knowledge, the buffer overflow cannot be triggered in any of them: apache, cups, dovecot, gnupg, isc-dhcp, lighttpd, mariadb/mysql, nfs-utils, nginx, nodejs, openldap, openssh, postfix, proftpd, pure-ftpd, rsyslog, samba, sendmail, sysklogd, syslog-ng, tcp_wrappers, vsftpd, xinetd. See "Re: Qualys Security Advisory CVE-2015-0235 - GHOST: glibc gethostbyname buffer overflow" " rel="nofollow">http://seclists.org/oss-sec/2015/q1/283> . This is, of course, great news. However, it's my impression that there is a surplus of entry and middle nodes, and a serious shortage of exit nodes, especially fast ones. Also, I've read that the geographic diversity of exit nodes is inadequate. I base these comments on discussions on the tor-talk and tor-relays lists, and from posts on the Tor Project blog. I gather that various conservative cultures see much of Western popular culture as child porn. Even to arguably dissolute Americans, aspects of popular Japanese culture look a lot like child porn. Who gets to set standards on the Internet? If the least-permissive standard won for each category, the Internet would be boring. It is only natural that people with things to hide will be overrepresented among early adopters of technologies for hiding things. The solution isn't to weaken hidden services, so that evil can be more readily exposed. Far more useful will be increasing the accessibility and usability of hidden services for protecting human rights. In this case, dilution is truly the solution. It's good practice to discuss plans with your hosting provider, so that you and they both know what to expect. Stealth doesn't cut it, especially if there's real money at risk. Also, keep in mind that relay IPs, and perhaps even subnets, may show up on various blacklists. Other services (perhaps those of other hosting customers) may be affected. In the 60s, many Western hippies went through Iran on their Hippie Trail (Silk Road) tours. Many minds were bent. See Magic Bus: On the Hippie Trail from Istanbul to India by Rory MacLean (2008, Penguin). Yes, this is not at all a surprise. And yes, many nations are pursuing similar initiatives, to defend against Five Eyes snooping. What varies more is the emphasis (in public, at least) on backdoors. China, Russia and the UK want them. The rest of the EU and the US have been conflicted. Recall that US TLAs have been pushing for this since strong encryption became widely available in the 80s. And with all the FUD about cyberwar, they'll probably get their wishes granted soon. They also want backdoors for end-to-end encryption. Remember the Clipper Chip? Cypherpunks won that round with Silicon Valley support. But now that we're at cyberwar, all bets are off. I recall seeing this on tor-talk or tor-relays within the past year or so. Someone started running an exit, and their hosting provider nuked their account, claiming that other customers were being affected by bans. I'll see if I can find it. Edit: Here's one example, posted by Zack Weinberg on the tor-relays list.[0] CMU network operations has decided to move the Tor exit node that my group operates (tor-exit.cylab.cmu.edu) to an isolated subnet in order to minimize consequences for the rest of the campus network. For instance, apparently there have been several cases where third parties blacklisted the entire CMU IP space in response to malicious traffic from the exit node. This is currently scheduled to happen Tuesday (Nov. 4). The new IP address will be 204.194.29.4. [0] https://lists.torproject.org/pipermail/tor-relays/2014-Novem... That's why you want to rent your server as anonymously as possible. It's also why most hosting providers don't like anonymous customers. And those that are cool with it often charge more. Some sites don't bother distinguishing between relays and exits. They just block non-Tor access from all Tor node IPs. Do I have to respond to the American Community Survey (ACS)?[0] Yes. You are legally obligated to answer all the questions, as accurately as you can. The relevant laws are Title 18 U.S.C Section 3571[1] and Section 3559,[2] which amends Title 13 U.S.C. Section 221.[3] As I read that, it's an infraction, with a fine of not more than $5,000 and/or imprisonment of five days or less. [0] https://askacs.census.gov/faq.php?id=5000&faqId=7455 [1] http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/USCODE-2010-title18/html/USCODE... [2] http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/USCODE-2011-title18/html/USCODE... [3] http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/USCODE-2011-title13/html/USCODE... It strikes me as odd that you would think that your kids are "unlikely to ever earn" as much as you have, or even less than a third as much. I'm curious about your basis for that assertion. Perhaps you're American, and it's grounded in the increasing concentration of wealth. Or perhaps it's just probabilistic. But in any case, isn't it better to share all of that with them? I'm assuming that there's an option to require approval before installing downloaded updates. Yes? As a user, Cyanogen is a great improvement over stock Android, no question. But there is zero hope of "regain[ing] complete control over the devices we own" without open-source radios and firmware. Just sayin'. I consider that anonymity and pseudonymity are aspects of privacy. What's private there are the associations between activity and identity. We need "privacy for the weak and transparency for the powerful" (see Cypherpunks: Freedom and the Future of the Internet by Julian Assange et alia). Yes, but I'd install it in the driveway, and not on the freeway ;) I don't have an updatable car. But I have used Windows. And it's become my practice to hold off for a few days after updates come out, and check for horror stories. And I typically do a manual backup before updating. The Ars article ends with: "A real audit of the [GnuPG] code would be great," Green said. "The problem is it would be really expensive and I'm not sure it's worth it." I wonder what Green means as the alternative to auditing the GnuPG code. Doing nothing? Or could he be arguing that it would be better to start from scratch? Is there a replacement in the wings? Or even as a glint in someone's eye? In " rel="nofollow">https://github.com/google/end-to-end> I see that "End-To-End is a Chrome extension that helps you encrypt, decrypt, digital sign, and verify signed messages within the browser using OpenPGP." That's rather limited. That is interesting. I wonder if Enigmail would support NetPGP as an alternative. It's not that hard to create a Tor hidden service, locally or on a VPS or hosted server. And using OnionShare " rel="nofollow">https://onionshare.org/> it's trivial. The US pharmaceutical industry is too wealthy for that to be workable. The game is to make friends while working at the FDA, and then to cash in. In order to serve the public interest, drug discovery and testing ought to occur in academia. The pharmaceutical industry should play no role in that, and should merely manufacture approved drugs. Edit: Please see The Truth About Drug Companies , by Marcia Angell, M.D., formerly an editor of the New England Journal of Medicine. Reforming the current system would be difficult, no doubt. And perhaps it's unworkable. Big pharma also owns academia. Much of the peer-reviewed literature for many drugs has been ghostwritten by industry-funded consultants. Sometimes the authors don't even read their manuscripts, and in some cases haven't been informed of them. Some journals have been addressing this, but it's pervasive. In any case, the current system isn't working. Incentives for fraud far outweigh those for improving public health. And there is virtually no accountability. Biological availability is a key issue. Having the right molecule is pointless if it's not absorbed as efficiently. Conversely, more-efficient absorption could be dangerous. It's an especially critical issue for extended-release forms. Yes, not that long ago, it was not uncommon for sugar to be adulterated with lead acetate. Spiking alcoholic beverages with methanol is still all too common. It depends on the user's risk/benefit model. There are WebKit-based browsers far lighter and faster than Firefox. Chrome, Firefox in Linux, and the Tor browser provide better security. Isolating browsers in separate VMs or Qubes AppVMs provides even better security. Didn't military funding accelerate US tech development? We can have as many pseudonyms as we need, and can transfer Bitcoins among them via mixing services. No pseudonym need make more than one purchase. It's the difficulty of anonymous postal delivery that's limiting. I agree, except for "now". That's clear from Bamford's books. For example, federal charges against the Weather Underground Organization were dropped in late 1973 after a screwup in parallel construction. In 1973, hardly any civilians had ever heard of the NSA (aka "No Such Agency") and they wanted to keep it that way. Perhaps more charitably, it will take them a very long time to parse it. It's too bad that they can't responsibly crowdsource the work. Yes, it is. From a text box in the article: Did this mean that CRISPR meets the requirements for Lamarckian inheritance? “In my humble opinion, it does,” said Koonin. Conspiracy theories aside, couldn't the NSA just draft Google? Because the strings that are said to quiver at the core of elementary particles are too small to detect — probably ever — the theory cannot be experimentally confirmed. Nor can it be disproven: Almost any observed feature of the universe jibes with the strings’ endless repertoire of tunes. In that case, it's not science. At most, mathematics. I define science as Popper did. And based on my understanding of Gödel's and Kuhn's work, I distrust mathematical physics and cosmology. Developing clever hypotheses is a great thing, but data rules. It's true that no hypothesis can ever be confirmed or disproved. At best, we can estimate the probability that some hypothesis is wrong aka inconsistent with our observations. Postal delivery of physical goods is problematic, and anonymous payment is pointless. But that's not an issue for software licenses, ebooks, server and VPS rental, VPN subscriptions, consulting services, and so on. Yes, but "money laundering" is a loaded term. There is nothing dishonorable about foiling meddlers and thieves. More broadly, the point is creating safe space for learning and development. It's harder to develop new ways of being in an environment that reinforces the old ones. This is the key point. Tomasetti and Vogelstein (2015) arguably demonstrated that most types of cancer are primarily stochastic. But it's the primarily deterministic types of cancer that account for most morbidity and mortality. Also relevant is Woit's essay "Towards a Grand Unified Theory of Mathematics and Physics" [ http://www.math.columbia.edu/~woit/mathphys.pdf ]. Reading that, I can imagine that there might be statements in physics that are mathematically provable, but not experimentally testable. However, in his opinion, this clearly isn't one of them. From what you say, it's totally understandable that you would at times feel anxious and depressed. There's nothing wrong with that. It's normal. However, there's a risk of getting stuck in a downward spiral. At some unpredictable point, you might find yourself in an upward spiral. But that can't happen if you commit suicide. They also have chat: http://www.suicidepreventionlifeline.org/GetHelp/LifelineCha... But it's limited to US IPs. Using Tor browser, you can specify US exits. See https://tor.stackexchange.com/questions/4732/google-play-sto... You put the configuration options in ./Data/Tor/torrc-defaults. See https://tor.stackexchange.com/questions/1065/what-happened-t... The NSA's Trojanized HDD firmware is indeed “an astonishing technical accomplishment”. But I'm wondering whether their firmware reprogramming modules are especially capable, or are merely customized to add requisite APIs. Maybe Kaspersky will release them. Or not. In particular, I'm wondering whether host machines' HDDs can be flashed from VMs. And further, which hypervisors and emulators are least vulnerable in that way. Because it's a passive-aggressive comment that translates to something like "Who would care, except for those who want the terrists to win?" ;) Government and industry have betrayed the Internet, and us. By subverting the Internet at every level to make it a vast, multi-layered and robust surveillance platform, the NSA has undermined a fundamental social contract. The companies that build and manage our Internet infrastructure, the companies that create and sell us our hardware and software, or the companies that host our data: we can no longer trust them to be ethical Internet stewards. This is not the Internet the world needs, or the Internet its creators envisioned. We need to take it back. And by we, I mean the engineering community. https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2013/09/take_back_the... Modern workstations and servers implicitly trust hard disks to act as well-behaved block devices. This paper analyzes the catastrophic loss of security that occurs when hard disks are not trustworthy. First, we show that it is possible to compromise the firmware of a commercial off-the-shelf hard drive, by resorting only to public information and reverse engineering. Using such a compromised firmware, we present a stealth rootkit that replaces arbitrary blocks from the disk while they are written, providing a data replacement backdoor. Zaddach et al. (2014) Implementation and Implications of a Stealth Hard-Drive Backdoor http://www.s3.eurecom.fr/docs/acsac13_zaddach.pdf I believe that prudent compartmentalization is the best way to control tracking and reclaim privacy. Each compartment comprises interests, relationships and activities that you want observers to track and interrelate. For compartments where privacy is essential, it's best to use pseudonyms, and to avoid cross-linking with public compartments. Compartments are isolated in VMs, with separate network connectivity using nested chains of VPNs, JonDonym and Tor. Particularly sensitive compartments are isolated in separate computers. It's prudent to avoid cross-compartment sharing of USB drives. OK, GPG is crufty and hard to use, and the email protocol exposes metadata. So perhaps it is best to start fresh. What do you think of the Dark Mail effort? And of Pond? I don't see any way to protect users against forgetting their encryption passphrase, or losing their private key, without offloading trust somewhere. Except for backups, anyway. It can be very hard to know whether you have the right public key, especially for people that you know only from online activity. And it's not uncommon to find multiple unrevoked keys, with the same email address. But check out https://keybase.io/mirimir . You can easily get a GnuPG key that signed proofs in my profile here, on GitHub, and on reddit. Also, the email address in my key is linked to a Gravatar that StackExchange and other sites use. So whoever I am, you can be confident that I control that GnuPG key. Why couldn't someone buy the thing, and then rent it to other hobbyists? Or perhaps a serial resale network could develop. Eventually, I presume that Defense Distributed would release designs for the mill itself. Good work. And yes, another failed experiment. But there is another alternative, for hardcore enthusiasts. One can use Mixmaster nyms via Tor, using nymserver and newsserver hidden services. I also find it easier to concentrate under dim indirect light, supplemented with LED task lighting for reading paper and playing with hardware. If you're stuck in an office, perhaps you can convince management to save energy on lighting and HVAC. Some of those developing AI technologies will undoubtedly want to supplement their own capabilities. Given that, there will arguably never be computers that are "smarter" than at least some humans. So this seems rather like a non-question, except to the extent that such enhanced humans would themselves pose a risk to humanity at large. Also, if and when strong AI develops, only such enhanced humans will remain players. Unenhanced humans will at best be pets. This is O. B. Hardison's thesis in Disappearing Through the Skylight: Culture and Technology in the Twentieth Century " rel="nofollow">http://www.amazon.com/Disappearing-Through-Skylight-Technolo... . I'd say "ironic". The author writes as a loser would. That is an incredibly moving story, and it's wonderful how well it turned out. But the author acted irresponsibly. As soon as he realized that his friend was dissociating, in the taxi, he should have called 911/999/whatever and informed the driver of the situation. If this had been a stroke or heart attack, that would have been the obvious move. Why not for dissociation? The situation could have gone to hell, and one or both of them could have been injured or killed. Given that risk, his friend's "instructions" were plainly unworkable. If she had run in front of a car and been killed, for example, her estate might have come after him. If she doesn't want the authorities to be involved, he would need at least a medical power of attorney. And even that would not not protect him from police responding to an apparent abduction. The only strategy to prevent that is to involve them from the start. For context, I recommend http://www.newstatesman.com/world-affairs/2014/11/wahhabism-... I recommended it because it seems to cover the history well. It also seems to have less of an agenda than either " rel="nofollow">http://www.theatlantic.com/features/archive/2015/02/what-isi... or the Intercept's counter " rel="nofollow">https://firstlook.org/theintercept/2015/02/20/atlantic-defin... . What's modern about ISIS, she argues, is mass killing. And then there's the GTA vibe, and the glamorization of mass killing. But destruction of idols is hardly unique. I do fear that the Wahhabis have gamed the Infidels well. They used their petrodollars to proselytize the ummah. Then they incited fear and loathing through terrorist attacks. They sucked the Neocons into invading Iraq, and creating the chaos needed for expansion. Time will tell. No reasonable person would forgo a smartphone. And indeed, doing so would be abnormal, and so bad OPSEC. What's crucial, I think, is being present at all times to the fact of total surveillance. Given that, we can choose sometimes to put the smartphone in a sound-proof Faraday bag. Or use a VPN and/or Tor. Or whatever is appropriate to the context. Going for an interview over lunch? See https://www.wilderssecurity.com/threads/list-of-the-best-enc... Yes, it's a self-signed cert. But hey, can we really trust cert authorities? Other than that, SSL Labs gives it an A rating " rel="nofollow">https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/analyze.html?d=wilderssecuri... . I wouldn't know about Chrome. Don't trust it ;) Percussion cap revolvers are very prone to dangerous cross firing in the cylinder. Mr. Colt should have emphasized that. The thing about photo-realism is that paintings can be more realistic than unmodified photographs. They trick the visual system. But now there's probably an app for it. Maybe ad blockers should emulate downloading and displaying ads, perhaps via proxy servers to minimize throughput. That would protect content creators, no? As "AdblockingAndMorality" notes, ads are also potentially dangerous content. Let's say that you're a small business, and CryptoLocker nukes everything, including your backups. Would the content provider be liable? How about the ad distributor? Why shouldn't they, if you've been given no opportunity to opt out? That's why I never knowingly view ads. "Accessing the APIs to retrieve content through an entirely alternate program, unfortunately, has been deemed circumvention and the site would have a case against anyone who tried it." Do you have a cite for that? Getting from those cases to circumventing adblockers seems quite a stretch. What do you mean by "entirely alternate program"? Curl vs wget vs Firefox? Spidey is an Android-based stingray (IMSI catcher) detector that uses machine learning to detect the presence of stingray devices which can be used to eavesdrop on cellular communication. http://signup.spideyapp.com/ Also see http://codesign.mit.edu/category/macluguardian-project/ The discovery of hypervelocity stars (HVS) leaving our galaxy with speeds of nearly $10^{3}$ km s$^{-1}$ has provided strong evidence towards the existence of a massive compact object at the galaxy's center. HVS ejected via the disruption of stellar binaries can occasionally yield a star with $v_{\infty} \lesssim 10^4$ km s$^{-1}$, here we show that this mechanism can be extended to massive black hole (MBH) mergers, where the secondary star is replaced by a MBH with mass $M_2 \gtrsim 10^5 M_{\odot}$. We find that stars that are originally bound to the secondary MBH are frequently ejected with $v_{\infty} > 10^4$ km s$^{-1}$, and occasionally with velocities $\sim 10^5$ km s$^{-1}$ (one third the speed of light), for this reason we refer to stars ejected from these systems as "semi-relativistic" hypervelocity stars (SHS). http://arxiv.org/abs/1411.5022 There could also be hypervelocity planets, right? Catching up to them would be hard, though. Yes, that's a good point about density. If you could catch one, your itinerant colony would have resources at speed for interstellar travel. You'd only need to accelerate a relatively small ship. And those resources would include mass for decelerating your ship at destination. But you couldn't stop for very long, without losing your ride. Isn't that "So hey, how was your day?"? ;) No. "Itaque" means "and so". "Ita" means "so", and "que" means "and". And so it goes ;) They already know that we're here. That may not be good. This is wonderful news. Information (including Tor onion services) wants to be freely findable ;) Obscurity should never be the major aspect of OPSEC. Even with the sorry state of Tor onion services, sites can authenticate users at both network level, using the "stealth" authorization protocol, and application level. Of course, prudent users will use end-to-end encryption for sensitive information. And they'll consider carefully before sharing. All of the "hidden markets", by the way, are little more than honeypots in waiting, enticing customers to pwn themselves. Edit: See Roger Dingledine's reply in the "Clarification of Tor's involvement with DARPA's Memex" thread on tor-talk " rel="nofollow">https://lists.torproject.org/pipermail/tor-talk/2015-April/0... . I didn't find the article very insightful, because it lumps all "books" together. I haven't read a technical book in several years, because it's so much easier to find what I want online. But I read nonfiction whenever I have the time, or want to decompress. I have no problem switching between hyper-multitasking and deep focus. Perhaps the author never fully learned that. I wonder if it's age-related. Or maybe I'm the odd one: ADHD/bipolar with hard-won focusing skills ;) > For this reason, and ​others listed on the Tor Project website, operators are strongly advised to only run their exits remotely, by renting out server space. Better yet, do that anonymously. Always work via Tor. Use a false identity. Pay with well-mixed Bitcoins. Observe good OPSEC. If your OPSEC is adequate, they won't know where to come knocking. That's a great ideal, and I wish them success. I'm more pragmatic. Raids are life-changing experiences, even if nobody gets killed, or ends up in prison. And where I live, freedom to legally run Tor exit nodes is limited, with poor prospects of increasing. I am not recommending the use of compromised servers. I'm recommending anonymous leasing from legitimate providers, which are located in jurisdictions that are unlikely to freely cooperate with your home jurisdiction. Ideally you run Tor-ramdisk, and store the node's credentials in another anonymous server, so there are no logs. This is rather like preemptively not talking to police except through your attorney. I trust that Tor browser will revert this for hidden services. Best practice here is using a WiFi-only device with a separate cell modem. So you have hardware baseband isolation. See " rel="nofollow">https://blog.torproject.org/blog/mission-impossible-hardenin... . See " rel="nofollow">https://www.paraben.com/stronghold-bags.html> . > Paraben's StrongHold bags block out wireless signals from cell towers, wireless networks, and other signal sources to protect evidence. Works both ways :) Thanks. Didn't check. Will from now on. The <> format has worked before for me here. ??? That's true. But at least it's legal to spoof MAC. It seems that the author loves Caltech, give how the table of four-year schools is sorted. It's sorted only by mid-career earnings, and not at all by occupational earnings power (or loan repayment rate). With secondary sorting by occupational earnings power, Clarkson University and MIT would be second and third, respectively, and very close. Just sayin'. There's one simple fact that can save patients real money: network providers generally can't go after patients for fees that aren't covered by insurers. Forgoing that right is typically part of their deals with insurers. They often go ahead and bill patients anyway. But they back off when challenged, saying that they billed in error. I was specifically referring to stuff that's covered, and where the provider bills the patient for it's cash-price fee, less what the insurer paid. Network providers generally can't do that. But out-of-network providers certainly can, and those fees can be huge. In your case, I'm guessing that your insurance doesn't cover outpatient services (or perhaps just imaging) at hospitals. Even if the hospital is in network. If that's the case, make sure to have that stuff done at stand-alone clinics, where it should be covered. I respect the skill behind the IP-specific text. But the approach, albeit clever, produced a less useful article. Comparing multiple regions requires knowing the names of relevant counties. Websites always know your IP address. Some forums show you when you post. But mostly they don't let on. Right :) Or Tor. That's a good point, which didn't occur to me. Better yet is to use multiple VPN services in nested chains, jumping among non-cooperating jurisdictions. It's easy to do, using pfSense VMs as VPN gateways. Some advice about cellphone OPSEC seems appropriate. Protesters, or at least key organizers, need to be running apps to detect and block IMSI catchers. And everyone not using them needs to put their phones in Faraday bags. I don't use smartphones, and so don't know what works best. Searching on "detect IMSI catcher" yields hits for Android, but I see no apps for iOS. AIMSICD looks like a good app. Maybe someone who knows this stuff well can recommend one. It's easy to make Faraday bags from aluminum foil.[0] To test, you just put the phone in the bag, and call it. If it rings, there are leaks. It's important to turn the phone off before putting it in the Faraday bag. That will prevent rapid battery discharge through high-power attempts to reach towers. The hardest aspect is getting good electrical contact on all seams, including the access flap. The maximum dimension of any hole in the bag must be small, less than 1-2 cm. A gap at the seam that's 1-2 cm long, even if it's very narrow, will leak (re-radiate) a lot. The other thing to keep in mind is that aluminum foil gets brittle with bending, and will crack. So you need multiple layers, and the layers must be in electrical contact. Narrow strips of double-stick tape between layers are OK to provide structural stability. But it's a trade-off. [0] http://www.instructables.com/id/RFID-Secure-Wallet Turning phones "off" may not in fact turn everything off. Even removing batteries may not accomplish that, because there may be backup batteries. At least the baseband radio may remain active. It may be possible to geolocate, and to access the microphone and camera. I say "may" so much because it varies among devices. Here's How Others Can Easily Snoop On Your Cell Phone[0] My phone at your service [1] [0] http://www.forbes.com/sites/adamtanner/2014/02/18/heres-how-... [1] https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/blogs/techftc/2014/02/my-pho... Liberalization of international investment and trade since WWII have been justified in part to promote peace through economic connection. While the article focuses on human rights and social justice, liberalization of global immigration would arguably have the same impact. There's another issue that makes open global immigration more attractive to wealthy nations. Free investment and trade move jobs to nations with competent workers who demand less pay, leaving behind industrial decline and unemployment. Open global immigration would ameliorate that. This seems like a solution for a problem that mostly doesn't exist anymore. I rarely encounter sites that require registration merely for reading. Many newspaper sites used to do that, but now they're mostly open, or paywalled. On sites where I post or buy stuff, why would I want shared accounts? Maybe I can see it for software support sites. But even there, account reputation can be important. Fair enough. Maybe some examples would help me understand. I do get that registration can be a pain. But what I'd want wouldn't be a skeleton key, but rather a personal master key. Logins using Facebook and Google have become common. But, being a privacy geek, I don't have accounts. And I definitely don't do cellphone authentication, because that is nontrivial to anonymize. However, I would want two-factor authentication. That's the tough problem, I think. Very cool! I've often wondered about that. Many of the craters do seem polygonal. But see http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/3-540-27548-7_5 If they accepted Bitcoins, I would have paid some USD. But mirimir has no credit cards. You're right! I must have missed it. I was expecting maybe some new revelation about the NSA ;) "The DEA" didn't steal Joseph Rivers' life savings. Some particular DEA agents did. And the theft was OKed by various other federal employees, who knew (or should have known) that he was entirely innocent. Two things come to mind. We can compensate Joseph for his loss through his gofundme campaign.[0] But we can also start naming the thieves. One of the accomplices is reportedly "Sean [R.] Waite, agent-in-charge of the DEA’s Albuquerque office".[1] Who are the rest? [0] http://www.gofundme.com/u6e2mwc [1] http://www.freeabq.com/?p=1791 What externality about 3D printing did you have in mind? Sorry about going off-topic. He bragged about his hacking skills to the FBI? Really? But maybe they asked him point blank if he had ever pwned a real plane in flight. And he didn't didn't want to risk lying to an FBI agent. Tough call. > [Martin Ford's] solution is blindingly obvious: As both conservatives and liberals have proposed over the years, we need to institute a guaranteed annual minimum income, which he suggests should be set at $10,000 a year. This is probably not enough, ... $10,000 per person per year might not seem like much in the US. However, average minimal living costs will gradually equalize globally, as low-cost machine labor becomes ubiquitous. > ... and of course no amount of money can compensate for the loss of meaningful engagement. I don't get that. Neither the "work or starve" nor "work is holy" ethics have ever appealed to me. I like to play. While I've managed to get paid for it, I'm not convinced that it's essential. If I had taken the academic path, it would have been less relevant. I'm also inspired by post-Singularity fiction, most recently 'Diaspora' by Greg Egan. I don't recall that the concept of "money" occurs in the book. Right, but that helped to justify the warrant. Even if he's never charged, he's lost a bunch of gear. Even if he gets it back, it will not be trustable. And any plaintext information therein may hurt him. > But this new arrangement had the backing of President Eisenhower, who was especially interested in seeing the system built, partly so it could be used for troop movements and mass evacuations in the event of a nuclear attack. I've read that US interstates were designed to accomodate mobile ICBM launchers. That was the pre-silo plan, as I recall. Does anyone else recall that? There's also Paulo Soleri. In his plan for the Newark Airport, he proposed to house the entire population of New Jersey. The runways would have been on the roof. I was thinking that average minimal living costs will decrease in the US and other economically well-off countries. Elsewhere, I was thinking that average minimal standard of living would increase, but that cost increases would be offset by inexpensive machine labor. Alternatively, they could be more-or-less ignored as they are now, except when killing is necessary. Some people may react as you say. But many people will choose augmentation, and will arguably be just as capable as non-meat machines. And they'll always (or at least, for a while) have innate capabilities that provide advantages of various sorts. From Bamford's books, I get that the NSA does not consider itself to be bound by the Constitution, US law, etc. As a military organization, it is subject only to the authority of the President. And I gather that it fudges on even that, through a Byzantine maze of need-to-know restrictions. So yes, there are no rules. That is an incredibly inspiring share! Thank you, OP. The NSA is part of the Department of Defense. Its Director is Admiral Michael S. Rogers, US Navy. The Director of National Intelligence (DNI) is James R. Clapper, who served as a General in the US Air Force. I believe that NSA Directors are necessarily active military, while DNIs are necessarily retired. I concur with venomsnake that "The difference between theory in practice is greater in practice than in theory." Congress has arguably had no meaningful oversight over the NSA since the 50s. Eisenhower warned us. He wasn't just talking about defense contractors. One might say that the US has been pwned by military hackers. I highly recommend Bamford's books. I was a member, bought back my soul, and had a hell.com email address for years. As aric said, it was a cabal of artists and designers, mostly using Flash. There were discussion boards, spaces to explore, and so on. The associated site http://www.cygne-noir.com/ is still up, but with just an image. There's probably a login somewhere, but you must know the URL. And http://final.org/ is for sale. But http://www.8081.com/home/ and http://www.medialounge.org/ are still there, and seem much as I recall. I saw http://www.gofundme.com/ in a recent thread. Also, OP could put a Bitcoin address in his profile. There must be an administration team that's anonymous and hidden, both publicly and to each other. Obviously, there must be a setup for sharing and managing trust. The team sees all organizational email, and they handle the warrant canary collectively. I found the piece very frustrating, because there's nothing about what drove him to alcoholism. I can't imagine that he was intentionally combining acetaminophen and alcohol to kill his liver. That's such a slow and painful way to die! As I read, I kept expecting to see something about physical pain that he was suffering. But on the other hand, I recall a recent article about acetaminophen effectively numbing affect. So maybe it does a better job of that, when combined with alcohol. Do not put your email address in your profile if you want to remain anonymous from your employer! If you have already shared other stuff that would identify you, it would be best to drop this now. Otherwise, get an anonymous email address to use here. Use Tor browser, and get an account with https://vfemail.net/ or https://www.safe-mail.net/ . Yes, automation.[0,1] We're approaching the knee in automation uptake. It can take decades to implement policies like this. Time flies. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9555295 [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9561068 Use https://search.disconnect.me/ . You can use Bing, DuckDuckgo, Google or Yahoo as the search engine. "We don’t collect any of your personal info, including your IP address, other than information you voluntarily provide." See https://disconnect.me/privacy . That's not enough, because the blockchain contains the transaction history. It is possible to anonymize Bitcoins via Tor. You would anonymously create many wallets, and transfer through mixing services. Then, using https://blockchain.info/ , you would check for taint among your adddresses. However, that would not be so easy for hundreds or thousands of Bitcoins. It's hard for a snake to discreetly swallow a pig. Numerous wallets and small transactions would be prudent. But the process could probably be automated. Search "receive sms online" :) Ed: And use the Tor browser. The author explains that in http://meaningness.com/meaningness-history which is poorly flagged. Examples: hippy, death metal, Twitter, etc. Edit: http://meaningness.com/modes-chart is also worth pondering. It is a rather abstract and nebulous article. Put more positively, it encourages introspection and contemplation. In any case, "geeks who are slightly evil" seems appropriate here :) What's the point of doing all of this in order to use desktop HDDs in servers? Why not just use WD RE4s? Not really. 1 TB RE3: 48 USD[0] 1 TB RE4: 53 USD[1] 1 TB Green: 52 USD[2] That's the cool thing about the RE line. [0] http://www.amazon.com/Western-Digital-Cache-Enterprise-Drive... [1] http://www.amazon.com/RE4-Enterprise-Hard-Drive-WD1003FBYX/d... [2] http://www.amazon.com/Green-1TB-Desktop-Hard-Drive/dp/B006GD... This is of course a serious problem. But I'm surprised that there's no mention of end-to-end encryption as a defense against misrouting. Right, "mitigate" is what I ought to have written. And yes, HTTPS is rather a joke. But what about properly implemented SSH, IPSec or OpenVPN? The security model is broken, just like BGP's is. Root CAs plainly can't be trusted. It's not just that they'll cooperate with governments. See "Security Collapse in the HTTPS Market".[0] [0] http://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=2673311 Each pseudonym needs its own GnuPG key. And there can't be any overlap in usage, signatures, etc. Just sayin'. That's not necessary. Also, lack of emissions would attract attention, and so be counterproductive. But using shielded equipment in a shielded room, that would be prudent for private work. Mumble is an amazing VoIP app! It uses TCP for control, and UDP for data. There's a training wizard, and cellphone-like sound quality is possible, even with limited bandwidth and high latency. Even, in my experience, via OpenVPN via Tor. Latency was 1-2 seconds, but sound was clear, with no clipping. Can one buy Apple products for cash, without supplying any personal information or identication? Edit: This is a prerequisite for meaningful privacy. Plus having a pseudonymous account, funded by Bitcoins, for buying apps and stuff. Otherwise it's all based on trusting Apple, and so there's a single point of failure. Can one setup a pseudonymous Apple account, funded via Bitcoins? I'd want an Apple account so that I can buy stuff. Maybe I could get by with open-source apps, but that would be a pain. Even if I take Tim Cook's speech at face value, there's the catch that Apple knows who I am. If Apple really wanted to make a point about being privacy-friendly, they would allow account creation via Tor, and accept Bitcoins. Yes, indeed. For humans, it's somewhat just a change in developmental timing. As we age, we start looking more like adult chimpanzees/bonobos. Buying gift cards for cash is too insecure. But I do see https://giftoff.com/gift-cards/apple-store for buying Apple Store gift cards with Bitcoins. I'll give it a go. Edit: It seems legitimate: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=970780.0 One can easily use VPN services and Tor to anonymize IP address. And one can easily anonymize Bitcoins using various mixing services via Tor. But in buying gift cards with cash, there is in-store video. There's also cellphone tracking, for those who are careless. You may be right about open-source software being sufficient on Apple gear. But I wouldn't want to go through the hassle of buying gear anonymously, and then discover that I need something via Apple. I'm sure that I represent a small market. But it's arguably a market that Apple must serve well for Tim Cook's claims about privacy to be credible. There are escrow systems for that. They're not widely implemented, but that can change. But instruction is all in German, right? That requires some planning ahead. Edit: Wow, I missed that. Very cool! For those who are curious about what China is telling the Chinese about America etc, some VPN services have Chinese exits. One can also lease Chinese VPS. And usable translation is possible with https://translate.google.com/ plus the Perapera Chinese popup dictionary plug-in for Firefox. Mostly I found that it's feasible, both technically and linguistically. And generally, I found that US and other Western media seem to honestly report public matters in China. But there is potential for bias. VPN exits and VPS are arguably hosted in facilities that serve foreigners. So perhaps their access to domestic Chinese sites is censored. The Apple Store is extremely Tor-friendly, I find. There are no CAPTCHAs. In creating Apple IDs, there are no requests for personal information. Gift cards purchased with Bitcoins are recognized. I am gobsmacked! Maybe Apple is actually walking its privacy talk. However, using ever-changing Tor exit IPs does trigger account locks, which require password reset. But that's arguably a feature, and not a bug. What about American "terrorists" who organized in secret to fight for independence from the British? Yes, of course ;) But seriously, let's say that I'm being blackmailed, and that it's about something that's either not illegal, or where statute of limitations has run out. Can't I just talk to my lawyer, and work out a payment system that doesn't flag me for money laundering? Right. For example, late Senator Strom Thurmond discreetly supported his illegitimate daughter Essie Mae.[0] Her mother was only 16 years old when impregnated. I am not even implying that blackmail was involved, by the way. [0] http://www.cbsnews.com/news/essie-mae-on-strom-thurmond/ I'm not sure how using Bitcoins would have helped. He could have easily purchased Bitcoins. But using them to anonymously pay his blackmailer(s) would have been nontrivial. Even if he had known how, or had advice from someone who did, I suspect that he'd have been pushing the limits of most mixing services. Also, the US classifies Bitcoins as capital investments. And so he would have had to report gains and losses in his income tax returns. For nostalgia, sometimes 4.4.4.4 ;) Edit: Make that 4.2.2.2 (it's been a while). I don't think so. Consider that I want to discreetly give someone $80K. If I withdraw $80K, the bank must report that. But if I withdraw 10x $8K, I'm arguably structuring to avoid reporting. So let's say that I want to buy $80K of Bitcoins. If I do that in one $80K transfer, the bank must report that. And with 10x $8K, I'm still structuring. And either way, in that year's tax return, I'll need to report capital gains and losses on the $80K of Bitcoins. I'm not very familiar with US tax law. But the key point, I think, is that once I have that $80K Bitcoin asset, the reporting requirements for it will be comparable to those for $80K in my bank. Bitcoin only helps if I can buy those Bitcoins without reporting. So I'm in the same situation as accumulating cash to send via DHL or whatever. Are you sure about that? At least some NSA efforts are buried deeply in need-to-know mazes. How can POTUS tell NSA to stop what he has no way of knowing about? And how would he know whether they had stopped? People are complicated, and are at least somewhat irrational. So polling is hard, and is prone to bias and manipulation. But two observations are solid. First, most people are entirely clueless about technical matters. Second, most people believe that meaningful privacy is either impossible or unworkably complicated. I recall discussion from the mid 90s, as ad-funded commercialization of the Internet accelerated, about impact on privacy. I'm not arguing that there was much privacy in the early Internet. But privacy was another available path. Now there's meaningful privacy only on the alleys and back roads of the Internet. I don't have any answers. But I do know that meaningful privacy is incompatible with the current ad-funded Internet. Maybe there's a workable way to deindividualize tracking data. Maybe anonymous blockchain nanopayments would work as an alternative. Google ought to take the lead on this, I think. Maybe so. Maybe Internet advertising developed with tracking simply because tracking was so easy, and wasn't not prohibited. So there's strong selection for accurate tracking. But that doesn't say that privacy-friendly advertising is impossible. I do get that it's naive to ask Google etc to take the lead. They're just doing what's rational in the current regulatory environment. But who can create Internet-wide incentives? ... and wasn't prohibited ... Poe's law: "[W]ithout a clear indicator of the author's intent, parodies of extremism are indistinguishable from sincere expressions of extremism."[0] [0] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poe%27s_law More or less, computers were developed by governments for designing nuclear weapons, processing and decrypting intercepts, and so on. The PC revolution did foster decentralization, but it was an accident. They're correcting. The half-life of Tritium is 12.3 years. So as long as substantially everything with longer half-life has been removed, storage for a century or so would suffice. Maybe put it in a bunch of large bags and tow it to Antarctica. But you'd need to avoid the bits that are already collapsing. Hyman Rickover designed a very clever reactor for nuclear subs. But scaling it up 100x was naive at best. So was doing that with the graphite core design. Maybe there are inherently safe designs. They're going to run out of room for tanks. And there must be access, because the tanks are going to rust out, and will need replaced. So storing the Tritium-contaminated water for a century or so is nontrivial. From an ISU site, I get that natural tritium production is ~4E6 Ci (~1.5E17 Bq) per year (from cosmic rays) and that the global steady-state inventory is ~7E7 Ci (~2.7E18 Bq).[0] From the Nautilus article, I get that there is now ~6E5 Mg contaminated water, containing 1E6-5E6 Bq tritium per liter. The overall range is ~6E14 Bq to 3E15 Bq, or between ~0.4% and ~2% of annual natural production. So yes, it's not such a big deal. But now I'm curious about the magnitude of other anthropogenic sources. [0] http://www.physics.isu.edu/radinf/tritium.htm Outsiders have no clue about Israel's role in the Equation Group. Or who the Equation Group actually serves, for that matter. Yes, once malware has been found, it can be reverse-engineered and reused. Also, I recall reading that the NSA relied in part on independent consultants in developing Stuxnet etc. Maybe some of those consultants have other pseudonyms, and other clients. So we have malware proliferation. And it's far worse than, for example, nuclear proliferation. Because it's all just bits. > Intel Security has released the McAfee Labs Threats Report: May 2015. For the first time ever, we explore attacks on firmware. ... Persistent and virtually undetectable attacks by the Equation Group that reprogram hard disk drives and solid state drive firmware. http://www.mcafee.com/us/security-awareness/articles/mcafee-... I wonder if this was part of the attack on Kaspersky. Intel Security just reported that "[p]ersistent and virtually undetectable attacks by the Equation Group that reprogram hard disk drives and solid state drive firmware."[0,1] It's interesting that this threat was first reported by Kaspersky in February.[2] The firmware exploits are part of the attack system with Duqu 2.0, right? [0] http://www.mcafee.com/us/security-awareness/articles/mcafee-... [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9685829 [2] http://www.kaspersky.com/about/news/virus/2015/equation-grou... Kaspersky's technical paper on Duqu 2.0,[0] begins with: "The initial attack against Kaspersky Lab began with the targeting of an employee in one of our smaller APAC offices." It notes that the next step was compromising other machines on LAN. But they only discuss Windows, and don't even mention OSX, BSD, Linux, etc. I'm wondering how lateral movement to non-Windows machines would have been accomplished. [0] https://securelist.com/files/2015/06/The_Mystery_of_Duqu_2_0... This is off-topic, but bitlaunder.com is arguably a poor choice for Bitcoin mixing, given that it does business in the US. Far better is Bitcoin Fog at foggeddriztrcar2.onion, because coercing them will be harder. Sorry, my mistake. Perhaps I was just spreading gossip. But do see http://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/25722/bitlaunders... What about the pump-n-dump that someone was running during 2013 and mid 2014? Was that Mt Gox or someone who had pwned it? The article doesn't even mention the issue. Equation Group very clearly includes the NSA. But how do we really know what the NSA is? Given the maze of secrecy, does anyone at the NSA even know what the NSA is, in any comprehensive sense? Or who it serves? Yes, blood brothers ;) Another surprising revelation was that need-to-know structure isn't necessarily congruent with management structure or chain of command. That is, one can report to someone who isn't authorized to know what one is doing. As I recall, the focus was on financial accountability, duplication of effort, empire building, etc. But there are deeper concerns about accountability. > So tell me. Why are you opposed to IPv6? I'm very concerned about implications for anonymity. If every device has a unique IPv6 address, then just one leak can compromise all other anonymized connections. If I need to run a server, I anonymously lease hosted VPS or whatever, and SSH via Tor. My concern is keeping my personal Internet connectivity anonymous. I use nested VPN chains, generally using pfSense VMs as VPN clients, and Tor. I get that the Tor Project is working on IPv6. But I also want IPv6 NAT, in pfSense or whatever. That's to keep my local device IPv6 addresses (hosts and VMs) private, even from Tor entry guards. I guess that it's time to learn how to ensure that. What about mirror shades? > Very little of what is actually needed to reproduce an experiment goes into academic papers. This is also an issue where investigators apply custom software to complex systems. Getting source code can be nontrivial, and documentation is often inadequate. And there may be bugs that were avoided rather than patched. Anyone can use as many pseudonymous Facebook accounts as they want, if they're willing to spend enough money. Most simply, they can pay employees, consultants, homeless people, etc, etc. Or they can buy fake identities wholesale, including documentation. And those are the folks who arguably do the most damage on Facebook: spammers, scammers, etc, etc. Funny, isn't it? > “This was classic espionage, just on a scale we’ve never seen before from a traditional adversary,” one senior administration official said. “And it’s not a satisfactory answer to say, ‘We found it and stopped it,’ when we should have seen it coming years ago.” Doesn't the NSA doesn't operate at such scales? Or is it just that the US doesn't expect adversaries to be as capable? >[Ms. Archuleta's] performance in classified briefings also frustrated several lawmakers. “I don’t get the sense at all they understand the problem,” said Representative Jim Langevin, a Rhode Island Democrat, who called for Ms. Archuleta’s resignation. “They seem like deer in the headlights.” They were arguably asking the wrong person. But it is a bad sign if no security experts report to her. > At the personnel office, a set of new intrusion tools used on the system set off an alarm in March, Ms. Seymour said. The F.B.I. and the United States Computer Emergency Response Team, which works on network intrusions, found evidence that the hackers had obtained the credentials used by people who run the computer systems. That's standard procedure for the NSA. No surprise there. > “They are casting a very wide net,” John Hultquist, a senior manager of cyberespionage threat intelligence at iSight Partners, said of the hackers targeting of Americans’ personal data. “We’re in a new space here and we don’t entirely know what they’re trying to do with it.” They're looking for vulnerabilities. Again, no surprise. There's also the fact that most hardware comes from China now. As they get up to speed on firmware exploits, the fit will really be hitting the shan. TinEye tells me that the leopard print "sofa" is actually a dog bed ;) [0] [0] http://www.tineye.com/search/4c4ce7b6558e8d3c4dd443439e80556... Consumer SDDs are now inexpensive enough for desktop RAID. On Amazon, decent consumer 240GB-1TB SDDs are available at $0.32-$0.40 per GB. And in my experience, SSDs are so fast that even RAID6 arrays rebuild very quickly after replacing a member. I use Linux software RAID. Nobody? But RAID6 is still popular, among crazier folk. And RAID6 with SSDs screams. And rebuilds fast. Total cost of ownership is another issue: > Also, with much lower power use, there is a TCO saving to be added to the equation. Power savings work out at around $8/drive-year, so add another $40 to the 5-year TCO balance and the hard-drive doesn't look so good. And I wonder if Mr. O'Reilly has included the cost of power for cooling. So is anyone building such a smartphone? And if not, why? My guess is that it would cost too much, without the commodification of our private information. Just like the web. To the extent that smartphones are "supercomputers", they're mostly super at games and video. Otherwise they're more like dumb terminals than PCs. For me, they're mostly missing privacy. That is, they're not securable from supposedly trusted providers. So for me, a precondition would be full control of the baseband, and running open-source software. Or maybe for now, using Android kernel to load Debian, and nuking the radio. I'm sure that lots of cool distributed computing stuff is doable. But I'm not much interested until it's securable. For those who think I'm crazy, consider what company would accept smartphone-like security for its servers. And OK, upon reflection, some apparently do. But my point stands. I predict that bicycles will join the IoT. It will be a feature. Like some bastard child of OnStar and medical alert systems ;) That would be wonderful. But I doubt that providers would ever bundle them. So most people would consider them to be too expensive. And so they would die, like Blackberry has. > Perhaps a more appropriate question is not so much if anyone is building a smartphone (from a hardware definition) ... The baseband is a huge security hole. The provider in large part owns the device, regardless of what software it's running. > ... so much as is anyone building an operating system which runs on commonly available smartphone devices which does not employ these tactics? I can live with Linux ;) I've always wanted an on-body cluster ;) But how come heads-up displays have never come to market in a serious way? I'm not counting Glass, by the way, given the focus on sharing rather than using. Thanks! Now if they accepted Bitcoins ... But hey, I'll ask. I don't do cable TV. Same reason ;) I'm not living with Android. I'm waiting for Linux. Edit: I don't mean "own" literally, financially. I mean "own" in the sense of access and control. So yes, I can root "my" device, but I can't root the baseband radio. Oops, ran out of reply levels. And yes, one can run Linux. But you're still running the Android kernel :( I'd want the same stuff on it as I have on other PCs. Tools or access to tools. And yes, mobile-specific stuff too. Why work in/on wherever using a tablet, when you could instead have a full virtual work environment? I can easily carry a power brick. Or a hydrogen fuel cell like they use for power tools. Thanks. I've seen that, and plan to test with an old Nexus. While this is a very interesting and insightful article, it might be useful to add a broader historical/anthropological perspective. I'm not qualified to do that. But it's my understanding that development of agriculture and animal husbandry, and much later industrialization, drove huge increases in human population. In part, of course, that was driven by the abundance of food and so on. But there was also the need for workers. So as machines displace workers, one might expect human population to gradually decrease, perhaps back to neolithic levels. The challenge, then, would be to have that occur as humanely as possible. Nope, I'm an anarchist and transhumanist :) I am concerned that the human population may crash after nuking too many ecosystem services. However, I'm not a biodiversity freak, but rather take a broader evolutionary perspective. Right. I have no children, that I know of. I never much wanted to focus on money, and raising children didn't appeal to me as a hobby or avocation. I wonder if any hosting providers are offering such micro PCs, or planning to. They would be a great alternative to VPS, arguably with better security. I've seen some Raspberry Pi hosting, but its USB NIC is too slow. I'll update this if I find anything. Thanks! Now only if someone were providing hosting for them ... Maybe Raspberry Hosting[0] would be interested ;) [0] https://raspberry-hosting.com/en So these C1 ARM servers are built in house, I gather. Their features page says "true dedicated hardware", but I wonder how well those 18 servers on each board are isolated. IPMI could be a disaster. But thanks. > The fact is that the French and US intelligence services enjoy a degree of cooperation and interdependence that no government in Paris would ever dream of jeopardising. Well, but France isn't one of the Five Eyes. I can't imagine that the French have intercepts from President Obama. But from what I've read, it's conceivable that Israel does. Given that information is power, who's in charge? It would amuse me. But otherwise, it arguably wouldn't matter. Thanks. Very cool! That was my point, by the way. Dedicated micro servers could be priced like VPS, but be more secure. While there may be global impacts of increased greenhouse warming, these "water problems" are mostly just about regional mass balance. For example, various watersheds used to drain into Lake Urmia. But they have been diverted elsewhere, so the lake is drying up. Ditto for the Aral Sea and the Salton Sea. And for the Colorado River, except there "drying up" means not reaching the Pacific. To the extent that there's increased evaporation, the water just ends up elsewhere, more or less randomly. Fresh water is a small part of the global water cycle. They should all be tried for perjury. Edit: And it's too bad that civil suits aren't an option. Thanks. And yes, your example points to changing patterns of precipitation. The western US overall seems to be in drought. That is likely somewhat anthropogenic. It was pseudoscience, with a veneer of misapplied statistics. I do get that it's hard to prove perjury by expert witnesses. They're allowed to testify about their opinions. Witnesses can otherwise only testify about "facts". Those are arguably opinions too, about what they remember, but that's another matter. Anyway, I believe that expert witnesses are safe, as long as they don't lie about "facts". But they should still be tried. Maybe for conspiracy or whatever. Even for following orders without disclosing that fact. Get some smart prosecutors on it. In the US, federal agents have qualified immunity from civil suits.[0] So one must sue the federal government, and federal courts have jurisdiction.[1] It's a hard slog. [0] http://www.justice.gov/usam/civil-resource-manual-33-immunit... [1] http://federalpracticemanual.org/node/12 Dan Geer published a relevant column last week in The Christian Science Monitor: "Opinion: The reasonable expectation fallacy".[0] The lede: "The ability to delete yourself from the Web doesn't really matter. What really matters in the age of advanced surveillance is the right to not be correlated. Technology is always watching and capturing you, but the correlation is where the danger lies. Laws can change that, but only if enacted soon." That's an interesting perspective from the "chief information security officer for In-Q-Tel". [0] But yes, it does seem inevitable: pervasive surveillance of everyone by everyone. Like a global village aka small town. However, I'm not convinced that laws would be enough. Criminals (large and small) don't care so much about laws. So arguably we're each responsible for our own privacy. The ubiquity of requisite knowledge and technology, facilitated by leaks, may allow the sufficiently motivated to claw back some privacy. But sadly enough, perhaps the most highly motivated are the criminals. Not good. [0] http://www.csmonitor.com/World/Passcode/Passcode-Voices/2015... The apparently bad exits are listed there, with links to Globe (Tor's relay database). So you can exclude them if you like, in Tor's config file (torrc). Also, the Tor Project apparently hasn't responded to Chloe's report.[0] But I just saw a question about it on tor-talk. Edit: The nickname of the first exit in her list is "Hackosaurusrex" ;) [0] https://chloe.re/2015/06/17/tor-is-dead-centralization-is-wr... Yes, it's arguably perjury. And for something as obvious as this, it would be hard to claim that it's just a difference of opinion. But for expert opinions that involve substantial interpretation of evidence, it's hard enough to exclude under the Daubert standard, let alone to make a case for perjury. Yes, we want separation of church and state. But this decision says nothing about church. It affects only the state's role in marriage. Here's a concrete example. Two people of the same sex want to marry. They get a marriage license. They find someone who's qualified and willing to marry them. They submit paperwork to the state, proving that they're married, and they become legally married. The Supreme Court ruling doesn't require someone who's qualified to marry them, unless that qualified person is a state official. It doesn't, for example, require a Catholic priest to marry them. The Catholic church can still prohibit marriages between people of the same sex. However, for purposes of employment, or involving government contracts, the Catholic church must recognize all legal marriages, including those between people of the same sex. But how much of a change does that actually represent? Before this decision, the Catholic church had to recognize legal non-Catholic marriages of all sorts for those purposes. I was being dense. Reading a recent post to cpunks, I get that Dan is calling for laws to restrict surveillance and correlation by private institutions and individuals.[0] Now his position makes sense. He wants governments (presumably those who fund his firm) to have a monopoly on surveillance and correlation. While I agree on dangers from other criminals, restricting private institutions and individuals is authoritarian, unless there's an exception for whistle-blowing. [0] https://cpunks.org/pipermail/cypherpunks/2015-June/008069.ht... How about a mix of marriage and adoption? Just assemble a cross-linked family. Write powers of attorney, medical directives, wills, and so on. I have cycles too. Some psychiatrists say that I'm bipolar. Others use other words. Fortunately, I've never been manic enough for long enough to do serious damage. Mostly I've been prone to disappointment, burn out and depression. Anyway, the combination of lamotrigine, modafinil and caffeine works well for me. Lamotrigine (an antiepileptic like divalproex aka Depakote) helps to stabilize my mood. And it's easy to adjust modafinil and caffeine as needed to keep me happy and productive. Just to be clear, by saying "his position makes sense", I don't mean that I agree with it. I didn't grow up on the Internet, but I have gotten a lot older on it. I'm married and social, so I probably won't die alone, unless I flee and hide ;) But it's clearly much easier to meet people online who share my interests. OK, so that's not Dan's position.[0] > I, for one, would gladly paraphrase John Perry Barlow's declaration of independence of cyberspace and say that the "weary giants of flesh and steel" should leave me alone but only if the "technology [that] is being imposed on a global scale without restraint" will do likewise. A pox on both; may they fight to a standstill somewhere other than my front room or my backyard. [0] https://cpunks.org/pipermail/cypherpunks/2015-June/008081.ht... > Manned aircraft, even quite low-flying ones, are not trespassers — at least so long as they comply with FAA rules on overflights, which usually means 500 feet or higher. Helicopters can go even lower without trespassing so long as they are operating in a safe manner. As a result, unless the drone is quite low, there may not be an actionable trespass at all. And if there is no trespass there may be no intrusion justifying self-help. http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2014... Edit: Nolo has a page about the issue: http://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/what-do-when-your-nei... Here's a famous counterexample: http://www.anapsid.org/cnd/hormones/sabotage3.html tl;dr: Sonnenschein and Soto were studying effects of estrogens on in vitro proliferation of breast cancer cells. Their assays stopped working. Eventually they figured out that Corning had added p-nonylphenol, which is estrogenic, to the plastic, to reduce brittleness. This! All that stuff should be in "Materials and Methods". Also sources for all reagents, with lot numbers. Etc, etc. > Because keeping an eye on foreign governments is a legitimate task, this source is not a whistleblower. He or she could be a cryptoanarchist, or maybe even an agent of a foreign intelligence agency. Interesting distinction: whistleblower vs cryptoanarchist ;) Yes, the legal status of drones is unclear. And there's not much case law. This should have been a clear case, given that the downed drone was reportedly never over the neighbor's property. But maybe the trigger-happy family appreciated this fact, and just wanted to make a statement. I certainly don't like the idea of being surveilled. And it's not just cameras. Drones can easily carry compact equipment for LAN hacking[0] or exfiltrating key material.[1] But for those applications, one would need to land the drone in a suitable location. [0] http://www.securitytube.net/groups?operation=view&groupId=9 [1] https://www.tau.ac.il/~tromer/radioexp/ The NSA is a military organization, and arguably does not consider itself to be bound by domestic law. After all, the US is perpetually at war. But the legal environment can limit the NSA's options for using intelligence. When efforts must remain secret, there's more need for parallel construction. > You're not broadcasting anything, so it's much harder to triangulate. There's no interaction without transmitting. It's not "global warming". It's "global climate change", in response to increased greenhouse forcing. The "amplification of the upper level wave pattern" (kinked jet stream) is arguably one aspect of global climate change.[0] [0] http://phys.org/news/2015-02-evidence-link-wavy-jet-stream.h... Respected by whom, if I may ask? Anyone who refers to global climate change as "global warming", and who says that models predict uniform warming, is arguably either ignorant, or is intentionally distorting predictions. From his CV, I get that he's a meteorologist with an agenda about global climate issues. He has coauthored a couple papers in J. Climate , but has mostly published in meteorology journals. That's arguably analogous to a planetary scientist with strong opinions about cosmology. Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai at Motherboard reports evidence that PhineasFisher hacked Hacking Team.[0] It's also possible that someone else hacked both Hacking Team and PhineasFisher, of course. [0] http://motherboard.vice.com/read/hacker-claims-responsibilit... You can run this through a VPN with a port forwarded for UDP. And that VPN can be tunneled through a nested chain of VPNs. That provides some metadata obfuscation. The NSA was slow in adapting to the Internet. Also, US cyberwar efforts have been too focused on offense. They've assumed technological superiority. That was safe 20 years ago (maybe even 10) but it's clearly not safe now. It was arguably designed when radar stealth was a key advantage. But other detection technologies have since matured. And the Russians and Chinese have redesigned faster, perhaps relying on stolen plans and test results. So maybe it's time to drop the F-35, and copy Russian and Chinese designs. Yes, that's well known. But maybe, in addition to copying many features, the Chinese tweaked other stuff. Maybe they tweaked heat management, agility, IR etc sensors, and so on. And maybe they also hacked the Russians and Japanese, and combined best features. Overall, maybe the J-20 looks a lot like a F-35a might look. That's a lot of "maybes", I admit. But it would be foolish to ignore the possibilities, no? Unlikely? Hard to say. And yes, the J-20 closely resembles the F-35. There's no doubt about that. But in any case, I do think that it could be a productive scenario for the US military :) Maybe you could answer a few questions? That'd be cool. Is there much hope for strong privacy and anonymity using smartphones? Even with secure apps, there's the baseband, controlled by the cell provider. Can it be isolated? What are the chances for open-source hardware? What are the main pros and cons of iOS and Android? It seems interesting. But they want an address just to create an account. At least they don't demand a mobile number ;) And the only payment options are bank wire and PayPal. I don't see that they accept Bitcoin. Also, I see no option for anonymous fulfillment. In US criminal cases, defendants are presumed innocent, and prosecutors must prove guilt "beyond a reasonable doubt". So defendants don't need to prove anything. They just need to invalidate prosecutors' evidence. But defendants are often toast if they lose the expert witness credibility contest. > Science tells us of bad effects that certain kinds of discharges can have on our children, born and unborn, but we don't seem to see the analogy between a perverted individual sexually molesting a child and an industrial discharge affecting the basic sexuality of a child. The Making of a Conservative Environmentalist , by Gordon K. Durnil, at p. 43 http://www.iupress.indiana.edu/product_info.php?products_id=... Thanks, programmernews3 :) DocScrutinizer05 says on IRC that neo900 will accept cash by mail and Bitcoin. And "anonymous fulfillment" (on-site pickup, I presume) for wholesale (N>50) orders. Cool. Someone could sell them for cash at conferences, etc. Redit isn't a community. It's a bunch of communities. Most of them, I more or less dislike, for various overlapping sets of reasons. But I support freedom of speech. Everyone is free to ignore whatever they dislike. Also, in such communities, strong anonymity is prudent. It does protect griefers from consequences, I admit. But more importantly, it protects all users from meatspace risks. Edit: This is an old discussion. Especially if one replaces "Redit" with "Usenet". As I've said in another subthread, Reddit is not a single community, but rather numerous communities. All users are free to listen to what they like, and to not listen (or even block) what they don't like. It's rather like Usenet, with a Reddit account being equivalent to a news server account. Some griefers did key on that. But overall, she was perceived as opposing free speech, which is a core value for numerous (maybe even most) Reddit users. Yes, the board could have ignored users' opinions. But users weren't just complaining about Ms. Pao. They were complaining about the policy changes ("We ban behavior, not ideas.") that she was championing. If those policy changes continue under new management, I suspect that many Reddit users will vote with their "feet". To Voat or whatever. And given that Reddit sells users' eyeballs, that will reduce revenues. Maybe she left after disagreeing with the board about how to respond to the backlash. Reddit could have easily nuked every account that disrespected and/or threatened Ms. Pao. But that would have been a different Reddit. > This is going to make the Internet a worse place in general for all of us. How? Wouldn't that make it a better place, because you won't even know that they exist. Unless you looked, anyway. Google tells me that Reddit gold revenue remains small relative to ad revenue. Your safest bet is running a system where you have no way of knowing what users upload. Depending on jurisdiction, reviewing and moderating content may increase your civil and/or criminal liability. There's typically a "safe harbor" for service providers. You just need to respond to LEA and DMCA takedown requests. Edit: Other advantages: 1) you never risk viewing stuff that you can't unsee; and 2) you outsource content review to concerned users and other third parties. Several third-party services for reviewing uploaded images have been suggested. I don't argue with their value. But how can one review effectiveness without viewing images? There is stuff that just can't be unseen. Yes. Based on what I've read, abusers typically trade with other abusers in more private ways. Would it be enough to report content flagged by other users as CP? Is there a requirement to review content before submission? That's not something I'd ever want to do. I don't think that I'd want to pay someone else to do it either. Sadly enough, that would be an obvious phishing ploy. So why wasn't the NSA hosting this database? As cool as it must be to have XKeyscore and stuff, it would have been prudent to use some of those resources for securing this dataset. Only a qualified lawyer can say. But then what? Look at positives, and decide? Or just forward all positives to LEA, let them decide, and nuke what they indicate? LEA probably wouldn't like that. As long as reported images were removed, it wouldn't. Or use all of those CP databases, and just report images flagged by some subset of them. I am curious how this gets handled. Having been goatse'd a few times with CP, I cannot imagine reviewing that crap on a regular basis. I'm not saying that the site can't remove CP. But I was arguing that it's safest to base decisions about removal on input from users and third parties. PhotoDNA etc would also be good resources. The site operator should be responsible for the algorithm, and not for particular outcomes. Yes, one would need to take steps to identify CP, and then to report and remove it. But the law is unsettled. It would seem best to be plausibly proactive, and yet to distance oneself from particular choices. But hey, I'm not a lawyer either. Maybe I'm too immersed in the world of VPN services and Tor, where providers avoid case-by-case filtering. > ... swipe from image to image ... I would not want that job! This is a profoundly US-centric perspective. Consider Microsoft's efforts to isolate data in Irish servers from US jurisdiction. US providers have already lost substantial global business since Snowden's releases. If mandated lawful access could short circuit jurisdictional disputes, US providers would arguably lose far more global business. Well, earning income overseas is a standard approach for corporate tax avoidance. But this is a distinguishable issue. Yes. And imagine that it's "domiciled in New Zealand" by a US firm with mandated lawful access by the FBI ;) This stuff saddens and frightens me too. And so my humor is often dark. Maybe an autonymous paintball sentry? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxBa5bQfTGc You'd get helium from a tank. But you'd need a regulator with a huge heat exchanger to get fast inflation. Maybe use a high-volume whitewater kayak as the "basket". What about lamb and goat? I wonder if disconnect.me provides access to uncensored search engines. And there's always Tor and VPN services. Right. And there's a free speech exception for incitement, plus potential civil liability. I suspect that he consulted a lawyer. Using a standard ~2.4HGz parabolic dish with a Ubiquiti Bullet M radio, I've hit strong APs at ~5Km. If you're speculating about my identity, no. If you're twitting me about style, I just like "Km" more than "km" :) I mean, "KB" and "Kbps" are pretty standard, no? Yes, and ...? Some say "kB" and "kb", rather than "KB" and "Kb". But maybe k=1000 vs K=1024? Plus, as in Egan's Diaspora , virtual entities can hibernate, or live at far lower clock frequency. Thanks! My eyes tend to glaze, reading about arcane finance. So how come Group A's bank isn't liable for any loss that A incurred? I haven't read Permutation City yet, but virtualization in Diaspora is far more advanced. The default, as I recall, is ~800 times meatspace. I recommend reading Stephenson's Anathem first, however. Edit: The Planck Dive is a follow-on.[0] [0] http://gregegan.customer.netspace.net.au/PLANCK/Complete/Pla... Thanks. Contract or not, the bank was arguably negligent. Unless the court's interpretation was unprecedented. That is indeed a great vision! First, Keybase is not just a website or app. It's an API, which happens to have them. Look at my keybase proof at https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=mirimir The key is at https://keybase.io/mirimir , but it could just as easily be at http://mirimir...onion or wherever. Multiple identities are trivial. Mirimir is just my primary persona for advocating privacy, anonymity, etc. Keybase links Mirimir's public GnuPG key to a few social accounts, and to an email address. Anyone who cares can validate all of those linkages. I have another Keybase account under my true name, But it's linked to an entirely non-overlapping set of social accounts, with different friends etc. And there are other personas, similarly compartmentalized. Some of them never use English, for example, and display zero interest in privacy, anonymity, etc. Some hang out only on Tor hidden services. And so on. While most of my personas are fully compartmentalized, a few are related. Mirimir, for example, looks like a simple pseudonym. And there's no reason why those "with nothing to hide" couldn't just use weakly compartmentalized pseudonyms. Facebook, Twitter, Hacker News, Reddit, etc could host the relevant keys, and all rely on the keybase API and proof structure. Facebook is already using GnuPG keys to secure system messages to users. I use pfSense VMs as VPN gateways. It's easy to create nested VPN chains through virtual networking. The VM that I'm currently using has never seen my ISP-assigned IP address. I also have IPv6 disabled everywhere. Primer is the best film featuring time travel that I've ever seen. And yes, the plot is highly convoluted, and there is virtually no explanation. Also, it was filmed on a very low budget, and some of the key dialog is hard to understand. Having an identity and associated public keys that are fully validated is essential in many contexts. Let's say that I'm using a GitHub project, supposedly from a well-known Debian developer. Or let's say that I'm adding the Tor Project repository to Debian, in order to build the latest alpha release. Without well-known and readily validated public keys, how would I know what I was actually getting? I agree that it's unusual to have multiple independent personas. It's quite common among my cohort, in order to provide deniability. Given the surveillance clusterfuck that's developing, deniability is becoming essential for everyone, even if they don't yet realize it. That will be especially important for young people, who are being profiled virtually from conception. It does take some technical skill to establish multiple independent personas. One typically uses Linux and/or *BSD, virtualization, VPN services, Tor, Bitcoin, and so on. But getting up to speed only takes a few weeks. From Bamford's books, I get that the NSA has historically relied on moles within US firms for privileged access. They've either groomed and planted them, or appealed to their patriotism. They've typically focused on engineers, and have not involved management. Some have claimed that Eric Rescorla's privacy is being violated. I don't believe that's so, because his role in these matters has made him a public figure. I typically browse via nested VPN chains and Tor, and overall latency is ca. 500-1000 msec. Leaving aside my concerns about privacy and malware, ads and third-party tracking conversations simply don't work for me. My circumstances are unusual, of course. But I suspect that many who connect via geostationary satellites have similar experiences. Publishers could charge whatever they're getting net from advertising. I can't imagine that it would be very much. Use some micropayment system. "Google gold" or whatever ;) This is reminiscent of the 2013 takedown of Freedom Hosting.[0,1] Exploiting a JavaScript vulnerability in Firefox, compromised sites dropped a Windows executable (“Magneto”) which phoned home (bypassing Tor) with the user's MAC address and hostname. Gareth Owen identified it as EgotisticalGiraffe,[1] which is an NSA tool.[2] [0] http://resources.infosecinstitute.com/fbi-tor-exploit/ [1] https://ghowen.me/fbi-tor-malware-analysis/ [2] http://www.theguardian.com/world/interactive/2013/oct/04/ego... Edit: Rereading, I see: >The NIT exploit bypassed Tor by creating a direct socket connection that eschews Tor's routing—in this particular case, by using a Flash component. This functionality, the experts noted, was identical to Metasploit's decloaking code. Anonymous used the Metasploit code in a previous attack on Freedom Hosting. Both vulnerabilities used against Freedom Hosting have long been patched. I wonder what vulnerability this takedown exploited. One of the Hacking Team ones, maybe? It's not that simple. Using the Tor browser bundle, there is no protection against phone-home exploits outside the browser. Firewall rules would prevent them, but that's up to users. Far better is to use Whonix Tor gateway and workstation VMs in VirtualBox. The workstation VM has no Internet connectivity except via Tor running in the gateway. Using the Tor browser bundle in Windows is especially risky. The FBI has relied on Firefox bugs and dropped Windows executables. In the Freedom Hosting case, the FBI used a Firefox vulnerability that had just been patched in Tor browser a week or so before. Maybe the FBI and Hacking Team had overlapping sets of exploits. Is there double selling by exploit dealers? > j) depending on the type of music, the mastering won't be targeting mp3 players with earbuds but instead big club systems, so if you have good speakers, it might be easier to find the mastering you want on vinyl. For me, the worst thing about vinyl was feedback. I love subsonics at concert levels, and it's virtually impossible to isolate turntables well enough. Back in the day, it was my practice to copy vinyl to tape, and then just play tapes. That also protected vinyl against wear and crud. CDs aren't perfect either. Mixing can be tweaked with software, however. Also, for some genres it's possible to get multi-channel WAV that's readily mixable. Yes! Also, random noise can trigger asymptotic feedback at high levels. And asymptotic feedback tends to blow out amps and speakers. I trust no privacy policy. Once something is online, it's no longer under my control. So it's either for public use, or it's securely encrypted. Far-fetched? Not in the UK, for example. > The Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 (RIPA), Part III, activated by ministerial order in October 2007,[20] requires persons to supply decrypted information and/or keys to government representatives with a court order. Failure to disclose carries a maximum penalty of two years in jail. The provision was first used against animal rights activists in November 2007,[21] and at least three people have been prosecuted and convicted for refusing to surrender their encryption keys,[22] one of whom was sentenced to 13 months' imprisonment. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key_disclosure_law#United_King... There's no mention of Whonix.[0] Typically, it's a pair of VirtualBox VMs. The host machine can be running Windows, OSX or Linux. I prefer Linux, for perhaps obvious reasons. For stronger isolation between networking and workspace, Whonix can be installed as VMs in Qubes[3] or on hardware.[4] > Whonix is an operating system focused on anonymity, privacy and security. It's based on the Tor anonymity network[1], Debian GNU/Linux[2] and security by isolation. DNS leaks are impossible, and not even malware with root privileges can find out the user's real IP. > Whonix consists of two parts: One solely runs Tor and acts as a gateway, which we call Whonix-Gateway. The other, which we call Whonix-Workstation, is on a completely isolated network. Only connections through Tor are possible. [0] https://www.whonix.org/ [1] https://www.torproject.org/about/overview.html.en [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debian [3] https://www.whonix.org/wiki/Qubes [4] https://www.whonix.org/wiki/Dev/Build_Documentation/Physical... Use small flying nats or flynks.[0] [0] Seveneves , by Neal Stephenson [ http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/c2239856-f56d-11e4-bc6d-00144feab7... ] The Intercept: https://firstlook.org/theintercept/2015/08/03/life-unmasking... There's lots of 1998-2001 stuff on cryptome.org :) Total TFH then. Now, not so much :( They intercept just about everything, for sure. And they apparently do a decent job at triage. But the false positive paradox is still problematic.[0] Epidemiology is a bitch ;) [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_positive_paradox > The flip side of these trends at the top of the wealth ladder is the erosion of wealth among the middle class and the poor. There is a widespread public view across American society that a key structural change in the U.S. economy since the 1920s is the rise of middle-class wealth, in particular because of the development of pensions and the rise in home ownership rates. But our results show that while the share of wealth of the bottom 90 percent of families did gradually increase from 15 percent in the 1920s to a peak of 36 percent in the mid-1980, it then dramatically declined. By 2012, the bottom 90 percent collectively owns only 23 percent of total U.S. wealth, about as much as in 1940 (see Figure 2.)[0] > The structure of the control network of transnational corporations affects global market competition and financial stability. So far, only small national samples were studied and there was no appropriate methodology to assess control globally. We present the first investigation of the architecture of the international ownership network, along with the computation of the control held by each global player. We find that transnational corporations form a giant bow-tie structure and that a large portion of control flows to a small tightly-knit core of financial institutions. This core can be seen as an economic “super-entity” that raises new important issues both for researchers and policy makers.[1] [0] http://equitablegrowth.org/research/exploding-wealth-inequal... [1] http://arxiv.org/PS_cache/arxiv/pdf/1107/1107.5728v2.pdf > ...be glad we aren't living in anarchy. We aren't? True. But I do fear that wealth inequality will go exponential with automation. At least slaves are needed. > When anyone can get automation to do all the things they care about ... Why would it necessarily be "anyone"? If wealth and capitol are concentrated, and wealthy own automated factories, then what will provide income for the rest? Maybe, as Gibson projects, population will crash (the "Jackpot"). If everyone has enough automation, on the other hand, then we get a Vinge-like future. Isn't that anarchy of a sort? That may well reflect the false positive paradox. Let's say that the US has total surveillance. When they're interested in rare events, they'll be overwhelmed by false positives, unless the rate of false positives is very low. And so they need to check out all of the hits, and that takes time. Thanks! Yes. And all of my machines are named "host", with user "user" :) Just to be totally sure that nothing is retained, one can use Tor-ramdisk from CD on a diskless box.[0] [0] http://opensource.dyc.edu/tor-ramdisk After WWII, through at least the early 60s, the US military discounted risk quite heavily. Human experimentation with virtually uninformed consent was not uncommon. Knowledge of the effects of radiation exposure, and diagnostic methods, was limited. And so they tested on poor people and prisoners. Tor exit ;) I think of police states as authoritarian. Maybe there could be a democratic police state. But that would be odd. Anyway, with anarchism there are voluntary associations. In free-market anarchism, there are private services for defense and contract enforcement. But if wealth is concentrated, such services that serve the wealthy will be far more powerful than those who serve the poor. In effect, they will be "the police". And so we would have an authoritarian police state. Interesting juxtaposition: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northern_Cities_Vowel_Shift > I do believe that there are important experiments that can only work when subjects are unaware that they're participating ... Medical experiments? Sure, those were "harmless" bacteria, but maybe a few people died as a result of the test. But would you believe that indigent cancer patients were given lethal whole-body x-ray exposures, and then observed (without treatment) while they died? > I have come here to chew bubblegum and kick ass... and I'm all out of bubblegum. John Nada, walking into a bank, with a 12-ga pump shotgun ;) > In a move that angered customers and generated waves of online pique, Amazon remotely deleted some digital editions of [ 1984 and Animal Farm ] from the Kindle devices of readers who had bought them.[0] That's when I stopped leasing DRM stuff from Amazon and other sellers. http://www.nytimes.com/2009/07/18/technology/companies/18ama... It's a very cool idea! But I wonder how secure the wireless lock is. And how hard cutting the down tube would be. Just to be totally clear, it's a Linux distro :) Much of my work in grad school was episodic, so I often slept on my lab's couch. I'd work for an hour or two, nap for a while until it was time for the next step, and so on. But I'd rather work at home. Originally there were no ads on cable ;) There are a few that accept Bitcoin. What other tracking methods does Privacy Badger plan to block in future releases? One can always test against evercookie.[0] And perhaps EFF could host a trustable demo site, along the lines of Panopticlick. I do get that this is an arms race, and that proprietary methods may be running under the radar, as Verizon's UIDH did for two years.[1] [0] https://github.com/samyk/evercookie/ [1] http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/01/30/verizon_uidh_super_c... Maybe what's needed are better non-lethal weapons for police. Tasers are not all that non-lethal :( Police ought to be part of the community, rather than some external paramilitary force. Their behavior would then be modulated through social mechanisms. That's not an issue, as long as police act lawfully, and laws allow protest and civil disobedience. I like the sticky-slime approach. I first read that in Snow Crash . Targets get glued to themselves and anything they touch. There's an enzyme that quickly degrades the adhesive. This reminds me of RFJason's Craigslist experiment.[0] Back in the day, rude invitations with dick pics were odd enough to mock. Now, according to this article, they've become almost accepted. Funny. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Fortuny It still makes no sense to me. There are numerous spices. But given that this is a Chinese study, maybe "spicy" means five-spice powder, or maybe just Sichuan pepper. And of course, health claims have also been asserted for several Indian spices. Personally, I'd go for a Goan/Sichuan hybrid :) Edit: OK, I see "mainly chili peppers". So are chili peppers more commonly used in China than Sichuan pepper? Thanks. It's heaven-facing peppers that I was thinking of. So twice normal walking speed is good. I can walk at 10 kmph, and I can walk 12 km. But I can't walk 12 km at 10 kmph. However, I can't imagine that I could balance on such a small, short platform, moving at 10 kmph. Even on a smooth surface. And the shape seems wrong. I'd be far more comfortable on a board. Sideways is cool, but only when leaning backward. Catching an edge is so not fun. Yes, as netcan says, make it large enough to sit on. But kneeling is safer than lotus position, because it's easy to transition from there to walking. And it's a standard Japanese seat style.[0] [0] https://fewrightautonomy.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/87caa30... This seems iffy. Maybe combined with CV Dazzle.[0] [0] http://cvdazzle.com/ I compartmentalize stuff in VirtualBox VMs. I never share clipboard, and only install guest additions when I want a large display or shared folder. There is substantial disk space and RAM overhead, but both are inexpensive. And CPU overhead is small. I'm not much into Windows anymore, but this might be useful: https://www.wilderssecurity.com/threads/windows-10-privacy.3... I'm reminded of the Chandler project, funded and directed by Mitch Kapor. The intention was Lotus Agenda, reimagined for the 21st century. But that didn't work out. See Dreaming in Code: Two Dozen Programmers, Three Years, 4,732 Bugs, and One Quest for Transcendent Software by Scott Rosenberg. It's a very sad story. I loved Agenda, and Chandler had so much damn potential! So it goes. I gather that VPN services are already quite popular in Russia. This is very cool work! Some years ago, I was interested in text mining. I ended up playing with latent semantic analysis using Lucene etc. But that was a largely random choice, driven by the availability of open-source software and online discussion. However, as cool as stylistic analysis is, I'm concerned about implications for online anonymity (which I consider valuable). But maybe the risk is limited by typical text length and false positive rate. I welcome suggestions for further reading. The US does this too. But they mostly go after Islamist sites. For example, see US FBO Solicitation Number RTB220610 for Persona Management Software for the Air Force.[0] Also, there's the RT vs Fox dynamic. RT does lots of crazy stuff, from New Age to Tea Party. So sometimes Fox and RT are spreading the same memes. Very strange. [0] https://web.archive.org/web/20110222010732/https://www.fbo.g... In the US, only low-opiate varieties are commercially available. For heirloom varieties, you need to know the right old folks ;) Ideally, people don't use random USB drives in air-gapped computers ;) Or you miswire them, disconnecting data lines from the ports, and routing bus power to the data terminals on them ;) It goes back hundreds of years! National intelligence agencies have consistently managed to get full intercepts. Way back in the day, they counterfeited wax seals and steamed open letters. In the 1800s, they got telegraph printouts. In the early 1900s, wires. In the 60s-70s, tapes. Then hard drives. It's just part of what governments do ;) Yes, that's an excellent point. And capabilities for data analysis are improving rapidly. Google still has far better tools, but the NSA has the intercepts. And it will get the tools. Eventually, it will become the Eschaton ;) It's not just about money. After 9/11, AT&T etc were arguably motivated to cooperate with the NSA out of fear and patriotism. From Bamford, I get that the NSA and its precursors have done the same since the 1800s. Right. In Vinge's True Names , all network traffic is monitored by governments. So it's necessary to use cover traffic and steganography, in addition to encryption. That's where Tor seems headed, with ever better pluggable transports for bridges, and maybe even ephemeral website-like bridges from AWS etc. But eventually, it may be necessary to get serious about steganography. With pervasive streaming HD video, covert channels providing even 0.1% of throughput would be workable. The harder challenge would be plausible deniability. If the steganography fails and that SWAT team arrives, you want them to discover that you've been compromised by covert-channel botnets. Just like every other user and server on the Internet. Government force and law have no bearing on plant biochemistry, either. But they can punish those in possession of illegal plants. They can even punish those with illegal substances in their bodies. Just sayin' ;) Many people use VPN services for privacy, to get around geo-blocking, hide torrenting and so on. Where I live, at least 25% of Internet users do so. Tor use is less common. And so I access Tor through VPN services. And don't obviously stand out more than 25% of my neighbors. But yes, it's complicated. I've been writing how-to guides for years, and people's eyes do tend to glaze. Still, I'm sure that it could be automated. Smartphones are the huge problem. They're intentionally designed for tracking and surveillance. And they are the primary channel for Internet access in many places. So it does seem pretty hopeless :( There's no "anonymously" there. Maybe buyers use Bitcoins, and maybe they've mixed them well enough to hide the money trail. But for the most part, they provide meatspace mail addresses. To sellers who truly are anonymous. Who may be LEA. Who may ship illegal drugs at homeopathic dilution, and SWAT right after delivery. Same here. But I use Google via https://search.disconnect.me :) So there's no personalization. It didn't work out so well for Curtis Green.[0] > Starting in April 2012, a DEA undercover agent in Maryland (the UC), began communicating with Ulbricht about selling illegal drugs on Silk Road. That agent was one of several assigned to the Baltimore Silk Road Task Force. The UC claimed to be a smuggler who specialized in moving substantial quantities of illegal drugs. In December 2012, Ulbricht set out to find a drug dealer on Silk Road who could purchase large quantities of drugs from the UC and directed his administrators, including Green, to assist. Green assisted the UC to establish contact with a buyer, who was an established seller of drugs on Silk Road (the Vendor). The UC and the Vendor negotiated a deal for one kilogram of cocaine for approximately $27,000 in Bitcoin, a digital currency that has no association with a national government, is difficult to track, and easy to move online. > Without the knowledge of either Ulbricht or the UC, Green agreed to act as a middle-man for the Vendor and take delivery of drugs. As a result, the Vendor provided Green’s address to the UC as the place to which the cocaine was to be delivered. On January 17, 2013, an undercover U.S. Postal Inspector delivered the cocaine [very highly cut] to Green at his residence. Shortly after Green accepted delivery of the cocaine, federal agents with the HSI, DEA, U.S. Postal Inspectors and the U.S. Secret Service executed a search warrant at Green’s residence and recovered the kilogram of cocaine. U.S. Secret Service agents also conducted a forensic examination of Green’s computers and digital media seized during the search. [0] http://www.justice.gov/usao-md/pr/administrator-silk-road-we... I would love to see pfSense (based on FreeBSD) on the Banana Pi. It has a real gigabit NIC :) OK, so maybe one doesn't want to end up in a database of IPs and email addresses searched for? It's been a while since I followed this. I see over 100 Reed-Solomon erasure-coding projects on GitHub. Which would you recommend? Cubes and Hypercubes Rotating http://www.math.union.edu/~dpvc/math/4d/rotation/welcome.htm... Thank you. It's very cool. But can Sia work with hosts that are reachable only as Tor hidden services? I've heard that commercial DCs and high-end hotels are less censored. Yes, comprehension = getting the math. Comprehension <> classical visualization. That's what I eventually accepted, anyway. I've read that it's the wealthy who are leaving China. Or buying second homes, anyway. So why isn't there liability for damage caused by subsidence? The article links to another on "gene drives" that use CRISPR to spread genes far more quickly through populations.[0] Cities of the Red Night ? >ANIMALS typically have two versions of any given gene stored on two different chomosomes—basically large DNA molecules—and the two versions can have important differences. Offspring normally inherit only one of each pair of chromosomes from each parent, and thus each version of the gene typically gets into only half of them. Technologies like CRISPR make it possible to break this rule with something called a gene drive—a gene that uses gene-editing techniques to copy itself from one chromosome to the other, so that whichever chromosome the offspring inherit they get the same version. The same will then apply to their offspring, too (see diagram). [0] http://www.economist.com/news/briefing/21661801-giving-bits-... Being gay has nothing to do with high-risk behaviors. It's just that gays have been stereotyped as being promiscuous. But that was merely a sampling artifact. Highly promiscuous gays came out first. Indeed, being highly promiscuous was a political statement. But it's risky behavior, no matter what ones sexual preferences might be. Maybe they also ought to ban men who have had sex with sex workers. With lower overhead, one can ask for less. Finding ones optimum billing rate is nontrivial. It's true that testing the market is far easier for freelances than for employees. But having less overhead still helps. You can quote lower when you're idle, and higher when you're busy. Indeed, you can even take more risk quoting high, because you can better afford to forgo work. That is very good to know! I'm guessing that it's an environmentally stable lipophilic chemical. There are a lot of them. It's arguable that most industrial organic chemicals are degraded in the environment in one way or another. But some aren't. And others have environmentally stable degradation products. So there are probably at least tens of thousands of persistent, anthropogenic, organic chemicals. The lipophilic ones are most hazardous, because they bioaccumulate through the food chain. Also, the more volatile ones tend to get trapped in polar regions. So lipid levels for Eskimos and penguins are higher than those for more equatorial populations. I wonder if body mass has increased more in recent decades among polar populations than among equatorial populations. The USSR was a dictatorship. Whenever that became impossible to deny, leaders characterized themselves as caretakers. Now Russia pretends to be democratic. But it's still a dictatorship. Well, some say that Hell is other people. Others say that Hell is in your mind. Me, I agree with both emodendroket and eli_gottlieb. The big winner overall in this sad story is arguably the lead industry. They escaped liability for many decades. The epidemiology is solid. Some cohort studies ran for decades. They followed lead levels in blood and bone. They tested intelligence and documented behavior. They tracked educational and criminal history. The neonatal brain is exquisitely sensitive to lead. Meh. Microsoft is just massaging Windows to be more like Google, Facebook, iOS and Android. Nothing to see here, move along now ;) Me, I'm not having any of it. I use Windows if I need to, but I treat it like Ebola. Just as I do Google etc. They get total blue pill from me. The "magical bean" for lead paint is poor maintenance. There's also the perverse fact that flakes of old lead paint are sweet. So kids suck on them like candy. Especially if they're hungry. I do agree that poverty makes it worse. This reminds me of Hola.[0] Even if there's no risk of exploitation by developers, it's risky to freely share your uplink. [0] http://www.dailydot.com/technology/hola-vpn-security/ So did they declare martial law? Edit: Yes[0] [0] http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/08/indian-army-deployed-r... Sometimes, when the fit hits the shan, governments must act decisively to protect the public interest. So they call a timeout on civil society. Not quite state of war, but heading that way. But when that's not explicit, it becomes hard to tell whether or not one is living in a police state. Yes, Firefox loads tmz.com just fine. In a Debian VM, through a nested chain of three VPN services. But then, that's with Noscript and Adblock Plus. Also, Privacy Badger reports 47 trackers on raymond.cc but just 20 on tmz.com ;) What about the risk to users who provide access to other users? Edit: In Give Access mode, what other users get access? Is that limited to those specified via Google Talk? OK, thanks. In Mexico, truck and bus drivers often flash the left turn signal when it's safe to pass. But it gets hairy when there are other vehicles behind you, especially if one of them can accelerate much faster than you can. That actually makes more sense, as in "I'm pulling over to the right to give you room (or at least, I would if there were room)." Yes, that's their claim to fame. But that's a distinct issue from unregulated uplink sharing. Yes, there's that too. So for busy two-lane roads with shoulders, it's not uncommon to see two lanes of traffic in each direction. Then you have overtaking on blind curves and ridges, with drivers of large trucks and buses serving as spotters. It may sound crazy, but it's an expression of community cooperation. Thanks very much for the thoughtful answer. I do get your focus on providing access for users in censored regions. And it is arguable that few of those users are doing anything that would be problematic for access-providing peers in uncensored regions. But still, Lantern is a system proxy, and so there's more potential for abuse. Have you looked at port filtering and blocklists? Might it be that Lorenz invariance breaks down when Bell's inequality is violated? Is that what Bohmian theories postulate? Or is there independent evidence for Lorenz invariance under the conditions of the present experiment? Right. The many-worlds interpretation is a standard SF plot device for reconciling free will and determinism, faster-than-light travel, time travel, and so on. So is there evidence that rules out a many-worlds interpretation for the present experimental results? > My intuition about the travel of photons is that, because of length contraction, there’s no distance to travel, so they don’t actually travel through a vacuum at all, and of course that’s why they don’t need a medium, and it takes no time at all—from the photon’s perspective, anyway. How is there length contraction in this experiment? > * According to several experts, there is no reason to think the problems are confined to psychology, and it could be worse in other fields. The researchers chose psychology merely because that is their field of expertise. There's a tendency to stop collecting data once there are publishable findings. There's also a tendency to ignore (find reason to discount) results that aren't reproducible or don't make sense. That's even the case in physics. There's a tendency to debug until you get results that are consistent with prior work. Yes, and that's arguably why information from domestic NSA intercepts only gets used when obfuscation through parallel construction is possible. I also use faux cursive. I find it faster to print initial letters. Also printed "m", "n", "r", "s" and "w" are as fast, and more likely legible. That evolved over many years of note taking. I used to prefer Rapidograph, but now its rollerball. Ah, but maybe they like people who fart ;) I'm struck by "lachesism". I do not "desire to be struck by disaster". However, I do recall feeling far more present and alive after near-death experiences. Even with the pain. But only for a while. Also, I found what seems to be a poetry contest about lachesism, which apparently started 2015-04-13.[0] And then there's "23 emotions people feel but can't explain".[1] [0] http://hellopoetry.com/words/691456/lachesism/poems/ [1] http://imjustalonelyfandom.tumblr.com/post/123649660455 For me, it was snuff, then nicotine gum, then nothing. That was long ago, before e-cigs existed. Snuff was gross. True. But I was getting at uptight vs laid back. Old memories! Around the same time, I read Women, Fire, and Dangerous Things: What Categories Reveal About the Mind by George Lakoff (1987).[0] [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Women,_Fire,_and_Dangerous_Thi... The human genome is ~700MB.[0] Even if 75% of that is noise, there's not much capacity for memory. But with CRISPR, one could store a few keys and passphrases ;) Eventually, maybe add a storage organelle. [0] https://medium.com/precision-medicine/how-big-is-the-human-g... It would be very useful if you could post some links to relevant threads about Qubes. It's not hard to create workably public space. One can rent VPS for 5-10 USD per month, and pay with Bitcoin. Then setup Isso or phpBB or whatever, as a Tor hidden service. If you want more privacy from snooping by the hosting provider, lease a server from PRQ etc and use LUKS. Unless the provider looks inside your VPS, they won't know what hidden service you're running. Privacy-friendly VPS providers won't snoop unless forced by LEA. But LEA won't know which VPS provider to force, unless your OPSEC is bad. Yes, we'll just learn to not care so much. Compartmentalization is also important. Especially for those with poor impulse control. Having one invariant online persona over a lifetime is just insanely unworkable. No, obfuscation doesn't make them public property. But with good OPSEC, one can create virtual public property on leased assets. The primary goal is to protect the provider from negative feedback, so they don't nuke your VPS. And for sure, the provider could block Tor. So then you access Tor through a VPN service. Or whatever it takes to get enough slack. Thanks very much for that. For what it's worth, I've found the Qubes team to be combative and defensive at times. I especially recall not managing to get straight answers about their VPN and Tor networking modules. But then, both were contributions from users, so their apparently dismissive attitude wasn't totally outrageous. Thanks! I'm reading Blindsight now, and love it. For many years in one of my careers, I was a synthesist. But the term never occurred to me. Would have been good marketing. So it goes. The best path to strong security has always been hardware isolation, right? So now that we have mass-market microcomputers, why bother with VMs? What do you think of Tinfoil Chat[0]? The notebook form factor could contain several microcomputers, with optical isolation, or even outright air gapping. But closed-source hardware and firmware is still problematic :( [0] https://github.com/maqp/tfc-otp Thanks! It's gotten backlogged for me too. I started obsessing about potential EM coupling across optoisolators. But to test, I need a Faraday cage and gear. ... Anyway, I'll check out the discussion on Schneier's blog. Thanks for the warning :) I'd appreciate whatever links you can share. And I would be glad to credit you. Better yet is racing on ice, with spiked tires :) It works for bicycles too! Maybe people live downstream? I've boated the Brule. That is a definite portage ;) Better photos here: https://roadtrippers.com/stories/revealing-the-mystery-behin... There's a similar dynamic in Mexico. Causing injury can mean responsibility for lifetime care. Another factor is Napoleonic law aka presumption of guilt. So one may end up in jail until trial. The third factor is ubiquitous graft. After an accident, the party with the most cash gets to tell the official story. So yes, advice is to flee with plates and registration (if any). But I didn't get that killing victims was commonplace. > For an accused person, one of the most critical differences is that under Mexican criminal law, the accused is essentially considered guilty until proven innocent. http://tijuana.usconsulate.gov/root/pdfs/telegalcriminalguid... It's amazing to read that first-person account. I recall reading about it at the time. Or maybe it was the other case that you refer to. Thanks! I'm curious about your perspective on a few things, though. What free-speech rights did Canadian students have then? Do they have more rights now, or less? Teachers are "public figures", right? Or is Canadian libel law more like English than American? In the late 90s, there was no Tor, or VPN services. There were still pseudonymous remailers (penet.fi having gone down in 1996). I remember using Potato Idaho to craft Mixmaster remailer messages with reply blocks. That's how I posted to filtered cypherpunks :) But it was tedious. I use NoScript, and allow only the scripts that I need to see what I want on sites. All trackers are blacklisted. Self-awareness is always a good thing, no? Kuhn's key point is that scientists (like many humans) tend to be herd animals. When you get results that are inconsistent with the public record, not to mention current dogma, there's a tendency to dig seriously for systematic errors. And when you start getting results that are consistent with the public record, you tend to get on with the writeup. Being aware of that stereotypic behavior is the first step in being free of it. No? I don't know what Feynman was talking about, when he said that. Much philosophy of science is bullshit, in my considered opinion. But Kuhn's and Popper's work, for example, are not. And I'd be very surprised if Feynman claimed that they were. Also, maybe Feynman was just fucking with the interviewer. He was like a physics version of Lenny Bruce. But warmer, like Bill Clinton. All of them! And anyway, those are all artificial categories, I think. Indeed! From time to time, I need to lease VPN services, VPS and so on. And I choose to do so pseudonymously, paying with Bitcoin. But bizarrely, sometimes providers want contact information. I need valid information, of course. And I do provide a working email address. But it's rare that a telephone number will be used. Sometimes I have setup VoIP. But mostly I just need a telephone number that won't raise alarm, if called. So I tend to pick restaurants that have recently failed, business hotels or hostels. Sometimes I need a valid return address for mailing cash. In that case, I pick a homeless shelter or other charity. That way, if the letter is returned for whatever reason, the money goes to a good cause. I don't trust any provider :) But yes, I tend to trust those providers less. It seems odd to accept Bitcoins, and yet want contact information. And some of these providers actually emphasize that they're privacy friendly! But I suspect that it's just that they're using stock software that needs contact information to create accounts. Also, Bitcoin is just one payment option, and credit/debit card payments do require contact information. Maybe I'm just paranoid :) If I were building a system that required addresses, I would validate them. Why bother asking, otherwise? I'm guessing that OP's system is designed for systems that require validated addresses. Edit: Once or twice, using gift cards, it's been necessary to speak with customer service before they'd accept the payment. That required a VoIP account. I only did that because I needed a VPS in a particular IP range. I have no problem with paywalls. In my opinion, that's how sites ought to fund themselves. Ads and tracking suck. So yes, I subscribe to sites that I read frequently. But I'm not going to subscribe to everything that strikes my fancy on HN. So anyway, what I complain about are sites that load the paywall at first visit. If the site allows five free articles per month, why not just wait until the sixth? I write a lot about this issue! Compartmentalization is a key aspect of good OPSEC. Trust partitioning, for example. Consider Tor. Each circuit involves three relays aka ORs aka nodes: entry guard, middle relay and exit relay. An adversary could deanonymize a user by combining information obtained from the three relays used by one of their circuits to some honeypot. One cannot trust any particular Tor relay to refrain from logging and cooperating with adversaries. However, the Tor design mitigates those risks by using three relays in a chain. An adversary would need logs from all three relays in a circuit. One can also use nested chains of VPN services. That's far less anonymous than Tor, for many reasons. Tor creates circuits more-or-less randomly, and by default they change at ten-minute intervals. VPN chains, conversely, are typically static. But the bandwidth is much greater. And then one can use Tor via VPN chains, and route VPNs through Tor. Also, although routing Tor through Tor doesn't work well or do much good, one can proxy through remote desktops on VPS. Latency sucks, but you get used to it. What about http://sci-hub.org/ ? OK, so a hole with steps is great when numerous people must walk down to the water level. But keeping junk out, while letting people in, is a hard problem. As historic places, they of course ought to be maintained. But today, deep cisterns with pumps make much more sense. Or maybe better, groundwater recharge, because you get natural filtration. Yes, for sure. However, they predate germ theory by centuries. And as the article notes, the British did consider them "a public health nightmare". From Delta Air Lines policy for pet travel:[0] What methods of transport does Delta Air Lines provide for my pet? * Travel in the passenger cabin. * Checked as baggage in pressurized and temperature controlled area of your aircraft. * Shipped as cargo in pressurized and temperature controlled area. ... Does my pet qualify for travel in the passenger cabin? Pets that meet the following qualifications can travel in the passenger cabin: ... * Only domesticated dogs, cats, and birds are allowed. Chicken = domesticated bird. But maybe they mean budgies etc ;) [0] http://www.seatguru.com/airlines/Delta_Airlines/pets.php Everything to do with DNA sequences ought to be done by personal agents who are certified, licensed and bonded. And subject to strict oversight and liability. Or it could be done client-side, by those with requisite skills and resources. Only specific information, suitably redacted and abstracted, should be submitted to untrusted third parties. Sending swabs to untrusted firms is just batshit insane, in my humble opinion. And being "anonymous" is rather pointless. It's ones DNA! That's an ultimate biometric. I suppose. But once there's a bunch of stuff online that's linked to your DNA data, anyone who has your DNA data can correlate it all. And tie it to your true name. Bottom line, I see no compelling upside to putting ones DNA data on the Internet. I do get that. But what if 23andme or Genentech starts selling people's data to health and life insurance firms? And maybe employers will want that data, just as they want credit reports etc. There ought to be meaningful privacy protection, in my opinion. Right, Martin Luther is probably a Mormon now ;) To me, it's just funny. But maybe not to Lutherans? Randomly pointing lasers at vehicles is a good way to get shot. Just sayin' ;) Laser gun sights are very common in the US. So for some people, it's more than just "feeling threatened". They're arguably too paranoid. And irresponsible. But being right about that won't help if they shoot you. I'm sure that they were just sloppy. DPR was sloppy, and he was setting up a drug marketplace! That ISIS script kiddie was sloppy too, and now he's dead :) So it goes. Edit: I obviously don't know specifics about what they did to be "anonymous" and how they were deanonymized. But whatever, if they were deanonymized, they didn't properly assess threats, and employ adequate OPSEC. In other words, they were sloppy. In the 60s, there were many "conspiracy theories" about capabilities of US spy satellites. Now we know: http://www.space.com/13287-secret-spy-satellite-designer-rev... And CIA experiments with LSD. Virtually nobody took those stories seriously at the time. That's true. But on the other hand, maybe the category "conspiracy theory" isn't so useful? I'm reminded here of Kuhn. I do agree that untestable hypotheses are bullshit. But most "conspiracy theories" aren't untestable, as nontrivial as the requisite tests might be. Some LCD displays are backlit by CCFL lamps, which require HVAC. But the voltage is lower than CRTs need, and there's less current too. There's no HV for LED-backlit displays. This! This is one of the key skills that I got from my training in science. That and literature research. And designing experiments. Getting emotionally attached to some hypothesis is very dangerous. But on the other hand, sometimes the hypothesis is OK, and it's the experimental design and technique that are hosed. Yes. Concepts of elegance and Occam's razor come to mind. Although it's quite dated, I'm willing to accept the author's claim that he originated much of the "how to disappear" stuff. And so I'd love to give him my $5. But perhaps ironically, Smashwords (the bookseller) only accepts PayPal and credit/debit cards. However, if some kind person would gift it to me, I would reimburse the price via Bitcoins :) You posted an ad hominem attack on police in America. That doesn't even belong on reddit, although it's more common there. That said, police in America are stuck dealing with the consequences of many short-sighted policy decisions. They are not properly trained for social work, mental health services, and so on. Done. My email and Keybase proof are in my profile. Thanks :) Thanks. Got it. For the most part, I don't see the point. For me, at least, what matters is keeping stuff private that I want private. For everything else, my primary goal is being unremarkable, except for career reputation and so on. Trying too hard to disappear just attracts attention, no? De gustibus non disputandem ;) But what about Sanskrit? Maybe we only experience one timeline, but we can imagine many. And maybe there's leakage among them at small scales. But I'm not a physicist. I just enjoy SF. Anyway, for those interested in such matters, I recommend Anathem by Neal Stephenson, and Diaspora by Greg Egan :) What about the impact of reduced insolation on photosynthesis? Wouldn't crop yields be lower? And what about reduced carbon sequestration via buried biomass? Not to mention ecosystem-wide impacts of reduced photosynthesis. But as long as it's under control, I suppose that shading could be adjusted as appropriate. OK, so I'm neither a physicist nor an economist. But I don't get why aggregate economic value couldn't grow indefinitely. For example, consider software. Poorly written code might not be very valuable, because it's slow and crashes often. Well written code would arguably be more valuable. It would also waste less electrical energy, and produce less heat. Indeed, code could do entirely new things, using less material and energy inputs, that are worth much more. Maybe I'm missing something, but that seems distinct from increasing efficiency. There's a limit to efficiency, but no limit to value. Probably not :( OK, but let's say that value isn't related in any fixed way to material or energy inputs. It's based only on market forces. In that case, why is exponential growth in value not possible? OK, I didn't read carefully at the end: > Note: This conversation is my contribution to a series at www.growthbusters.org honoring the 40th anniversary of the Limits to Growth study. You can explore the series here. Also see my previous reflection on the Limits to Growth work. You may also be interested in checking out and signing the Pledge to Think Small and consider organizing an Earth Day weekend house party screening of the GrowthBusters movie. I do agree that exponential growth in energy use won't end well. I'm reminded of the polar heat radiators on Trantor in Foundation by Isaac Asimov ;) I also find the linear fit in log energy use vs time[0] somewhat dubious. It's confusing to just look at energy use. What matters is the relationship between economic growth and energy use. I'm sure that's been done. I'll look into it and report back :) [0] http://physics.ucsd.edu/do-the-math/wp-content/uploads/2011/... OK, here's a funny story. Some years ago, I found myself in a very small art gallery in a very expensive place. In front of my face was a weathered pine board, with 96 (as I recall) small red rubber serum caps nailed to it, in a reasonably regular array. The price was ~$1000 ;) Anyway, maybe the software is just charming. Yes, but ... > The Federal Trade Commission has reached a settlement resolving the Commission’s antitrust suit charging Cephalon, Inc. with illegally blocking generic competition to its blockbuster sleep-disorder drug Provigil. The settlement ensures that Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd., which acquired Cephalon in 2012, will make a total of $1.2 billion available to compensate purchasers, including drug wholesalers, pharmacies, and insurers, who overpaid because of Cephalon’s illegal conduct. https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2015/05/ftc-s... OK, so there's no web proxy to Apple News? I've always said "accidentally", rather than "by accident". To my ear, "by accident" sounds almost as archaic as "by your leave". Maybe "on accident" comes from "on [making an] accident". I've learned to "fake it" so well that I can seem more social than my wife, who is a very social person. And yet, I'm always aware (on some level) that I'm faking it. Life is funny ;) So your first language doesn't distinguish between "being alone" and "loneliness"? What is the word, if I may ask? Or at least, what is the emotional tone? Is it neutral, or negative? Maybe. But if I follow that path, I get "accidentally" vs "purposefully". The first is about how it went down, but the second is about how it was carried out. The opposite of "purposefully" is "carelessly" or "recklessly", no? Yes, that's a mindbender. It's not easy to talk about. People tend to get defensive. Most smiles that I see seem forced, for example. And even when I'm eavesdropping. So it's not just about me ;) But it can be learned. Decades later, I still vividly recall the video sessions at the start and end of the est 6-Day course. Most people managed to own their act. Thanks. I'm struck by the Wikipedia entry on the song "La solitudine" by Laura Pausini: "The lyrics to the Italian version of the song where are about a boy named Marco, who is separated from his girlfriend at the urging of his family and sent to live far away from her. The now former girlfriend makes an emotional and heartfelt plea, singing to him about the loneliness and pain they would feel without each other."[0] So that's clearly about feeling lonely, aka loneliness. But the article goes on to say: "The English-language version of the song, adapted by Tim Rice, has a completely different meaning, and it doesn't contain any reference to Marco. Its lyrics are focused on the feelings of those who want to be alone in order to better understand themselves." But what I get is that the Italian word "solitudine" is ambiguous, meaning both, in tension, with awareness at multiple levels. In English, one is forced to choose: solitude (chosen, positive) vs loneliness (imposed, negative). English probably takes after German in that, I'm guessing. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_solitudine Many of us liked the Internet in 1996 ;) And some saw its commercialization as an affront, as a violation of fundamental principles. So anyway, I'm not at all attached to the Internet existing in it's current form. http://internet-map.net/ I can no longer tolerate TV. Using the Internet has made me a control freak. Even with buffering etc, the TV user interface is primitive. There are two primary use cases for antibiotics in livestock management. One, treating animals with serious bacterial infections, is at least somewhat defensible. The other is purely profit-driven: low-level treatment increases feed efficiency. And long-term low-level treatment effectively selects for antibiotic resistance. Anyway, I'd rather eat meat from animals that had been sick, as opposed to meat contaminated with antibiotic-resistant pathogenic bacteria. Edit: I wrote "somewhat defensible" because it's my impression that antibiotics serve as low-cost mitigation for overcrowding, poor hygiene, and other deficiencies in livestock management. That's true. But, from a human-centric perspective, what matters most is their ability to fight bacterial infections in humans. It's also true that antibiotics are also used inappropriately in medical practice. Pediatricians tend to prescribe them more-or-less as a placebo, to fend off freaked-out parents. Flu suffers also tend to demand them. But there's always some ambiguity, given risk of secondary bacterial infections. There's no ambiguity in using antibiotics in livestock management to increase feed efficiency. That's just about the money. It either needs to be illegal, or we need some class torts ;) Some years ago, I did develop bacterial pneumonia after a bad cold. So maybe the antibiotic saved my life. But the antibiotic prescription was based on diagnosis and sputum culture, and not just prophylactic. Better yet, now I've been immunized. Well, I know what Keybase is. But the page was so empty looking that I stopped reading, and checked out Noscript and Privacy Badger for blocked stuff and errors ;) Keybase does not need your private key. Me too. It may be that antibiotics also "promote growth and improve conversion of feed into weight gains" in humans ;) In retrospect, that's not surprising. AUTOASSOC: who you share an IP address with HRMap: website host-referrer relationships INFINITE MONKEYS: scrapes forum accounts KARMA POLICE: websites visited MARBLED GECKO: use of Google Earth and Google Maps MEMORY HOLE: web searches MUTANT BROTH: profiling by cookies etc SAMUEL PEPYS: IP stream analysis/profiling SOCIAL ANIMAL: interactions among "targets" (we're all targets) SOCIAL ANTHROPOID: new improved SOCIAL ANIMAL, with smartphone tools GOLDEN AXE: IMEI analysis From The Three Body Problem , I get that the "Down to the Countryside" movement was more about getting the crazies out of the cities ;) This is old news, except for specifics about which firms are paying. And in any case, Adblock Plus alerts at installation about the option of deselecting "Allow some non-intrusive advertising". I don't see those, thanks to NoScript and Privacy Badger :) Yes! This is why I very carefully avoid viewing ads. I avert my gaze. If necessary, I close my eyes. When driving, it's the same skill that we learn to avoid being blinded at night by oncoming headlights. I love it too. Conscious self-awareness is arguably not very useful. It pretends to be in control, but mostly it's just observing what the mind has already done, and makes up stuff to rationalize it. At best, that's merely superfluous. But at worst, consciousness gets in the way, and generates counterproductive emotional states. But fortunately, ones mind can trick its consciousness into being useful :) I find nothing on tor or lighttpd :( Malware droppers use polymorphic encryption to avoid detection ;)