Some entertaining bits from the article: "How many Mac applications still support OS X 10.2? 10.3? 10.4?" "Then why should we be so conservative when it comes to C++, the very core of what we work with?" "C++11 is a much more productive language than C++98. We as an industry can, however, only reap that productivity gain if we stop throwing C++ productivity out of the window by the bucket-load in the hopeless pursuit of compatibility with non-standard implementations." I'm as much for iconoclasm as the next person, but this whole C++ madness is starting to make me worry. While the rest of us have been off in the trenches of maintenance and production, some cabal of academics and chuckleheads has been cooking up this monstrosity of a language, and now it is finally coming to a head. Folks, conservatism in software design is appreciated--in language design, essential. Python 3 is still not support by many useful libraries. Perl 5, over ten years later, is still in production and use. ECMA/Javascript is only now really taking off, after 15 years. And on the darker, even more depressing side of things, you've still F77 codes in "production" and active maintenance --a friend of mine who is a graduate student is dealing with this right now. These are souls being fed to the gaping maw of legacy code. I'm sure C++ has some interesting features. I understand, for example, why the "auto" keyword is being given new meaning (because the syntax of the STL, classes, and templates is so mindnumbingly awful!). I understand why explicit defaulting and deleting of function might lead to cleaner code (regardless of, say, an explicit that already exists). I understand why I might want 3 different declensions of 'u' in front of a string to support various forms of Unicode (where is your liberalism about forcing everyone to using UTF-8 and being done with it?). I also understand that D probably has a better execution on these ideas than C++. And that Javascript and C# have a better implementation of lambdas and closures. And that for raw power and readability, C with embedded assembly (still!) can probably eat the lunch of any C++. (for an example of rational language evolution, see C1X: http://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg14/ ) And that C++ still doesn't have anything other than a crackheaded set of half-idioms for exporting classes for dynamic linking in a crossplatform way, or even for binding to another language! Go ask the poor bastard who wrote SWIG's comments on the same--he quit programming for several years to stop dealing with C++'s increasing garbage. I feel reasonable in saying this: C++ is not going away soon. One day (even sooner if you are in academic circles and dealing with libraries) we maintenance programmers are going to have to start dealing with code written to take advantage of the new features in C++11. And on that day, all of us will be wondering why the hell we are still using that katamari of language features, instead of something less baroque--perhaps Perl. The issue is that there are already many better, cleaner languages than C++98/03. C++ is a good language, with some clunk to it. The best parts of it are arguably the bits inherited from C (which C++11 looks like it might break with). The OOPy parts (classes, polymorphism, etc.) have been done better by languages like Java, Javascript, and Smalltalk. Templates exist to get around grossness of the rest of the language, and were done better by Java's generics anyways. Multiple inheritance was done better by Java in the form of interfaces. The rhetoric is that these changes somehow simplify the language--that's cool and all, and may even be true for the most trivial of examples or the most basic of beginners. The problem is that these new features are going to be released in the wild alongside many libraries who don't use them, being old, and who won't be updated, being cumbersome or trusted. And so, the burden of making the ends meet is going to fall on the rest of us who now have to support, in effect, two languages. If the improvements are incremental, then this wasn't worth doing, If the improvements are such a new, cleaner, simpler language, why the hell call it C++? Again, see D. Lastly, most of the fixes are syntactic sugar which do nothing to help fix some very real issues with the deployment of the language. How do I bind these things to other languages cleanly? In C this is trivial--why isn't this fixed in C++11? How do I load libraries of classes dynamically at runtime? From C wrappers? When interfacing with old libraries (which actually do exist), how often am I going to have to write some kind of NULL-nullptr glue code? Why do we not have variable length arrays (they're in C99)? Thank you for your helpful response! C has an unfair advantage in this regard, but it's just not that hard to integrate C++ and C. This is very true... as you pointed out C is very primitive in a lot of respects, and this doubtless simplifies working with it from other languages. The question is, how do I easily call the new C++11 code from something like Lua, Java, Python, Ruby, etc.? How weird will my wrapping code end up looking? I'm sorry to harp on this, but I'm in the middle of a medium-size engine codebase written in C++, and even with our restraint so far on the use of some of the more advanced language features, things like smart pointers and whatnot are so useful that they become a concern (multithreaded code without smart pointers is a recipe for madness). I've been writing some C++11 with C++4.6.0 and a bunch of old libraries and haven't run into that. I don't use pointers in my code very much, so I don't think I've even had to use nullptr yet. Out of curiosity, how much have you done with OpenGL/OpenAL/OpenCL, etc.? Have you had any issues there yet? I'd like to know if that stuff fits okay with C++11. "cell phone: don't get one if you can't afford it (ditto for a regular phone)" This is kind of a tricky thing, right? Phone access is still essential for job hunting, and payphones aren't terribly common anymore either. Borrowing a friend's phone is sometimes possible, but for getting a callback? Not so much. Same thing goes for internet access (which, of the two, I think would probably be a better investment once a job is secured). Even so, low-wage jobs are often very dependent on scheduling and thus require a phone to get updated about shift changes. (note also that yes, you can get net access from unsecured wireless networks [increasingly shunned due to piracy and access concerns] and public libraries [which may not be convenient to get to]) Simply not getting a phone (generalize to point of contact if desired) is not really a good option. I've been working on a project in this same general area (crowdfunding) and this scares the everliving bejeezus out of me. Perhaps the only real revolution we can do to improve the system of capitalism is to increase the ability of creative minds to gather funding and address the needs of the masses. If everyone is a capitalist--if everyone is able to easily seek funding to address public needs--then things can get better for everyone. This is the sort of thing that prevents that. :( Are we just buying you stuff? Much as I appreciate rules fetishism, this is the sort of view that screws up my country. Look, elsewhere we've seen the wide variety of visas aimed at the "rich", "investors", and "job creators". So, clearly, enforcement isn't uniform across people who are immigrants. Moreover, in your presumably simple moral system, any law regardless of how unfair in specification is fine so long as the implementation is uniform. (note here I'm interpreting "fairness in enforcement" to mean uniform, as if we actually take into account "fairness" in the conventional sense your own statement is reduced to uselessness... and I'd rather not believe HN is frequented by the sort of drooling pedantic imbecile that would be necessary to make such a claim) This being the case, you apparently would have no issue with a law that requires police officers to beat twelve citizens every day, provided they aren't biased in their selection? So, I picked up this book on a whim from Half-Priced Books about six months ago. I've since loaned it out to a mechanical engineering friend of mine, and he's finished it; I'll be loaning it out again soon--it's one of those books that I consider essential for spreading the good word of CS/EE. ACTUAL REVIEW/SPOILER CONTENT: So, the book does start pretty slowly. It considers the case of signaling with flashlights. This motivates semaphores (not the concurrency type!), which in turn motivates telegraphs. The telegraph repeater and its automation is used to motivate logic gates. Around here (forget exactly whether it's before or after) the author diverges for a chapter or two into boolean logic and counting mechanisms. Then the idea of storage is brought in, then the idea of state machines. Calculation is brought in, and soon the author has a simple little ALU. The author talks about wiring up an interface for this, and then there is talk about interrupts, operating systems, and also real embodiments of this sort of hardware--6502 or 8086 assembler is introduced and discussed. The writing is geared such that someone in highschool shouldn't have trouble understanding anything, and there is enough history thrown in with the light style that it isn't a chore to slog through. WHY THIS BOOK IS NOT A WASTE OF TIME: So, I've already taken the introductory computer engineering/CS classes during my time at university. I've already read a lot in high school and a lot after college on computers and their architecture. This is not a new subject to me. Why is this still a good read? Folks, our professions (whether you are a mechanical engineer black-boxing gear trains, a software engineer black-boxing Java/Scala/JVM bytecode, or a Perl hacker black-boxing the very mouth of madness) are all rooted in abstraction. Everything we do, everything we touch, is a slice of a pyramid of (sometimes shaky/leaky/smelly) abstractions. The great thing about Code isn't what it teaches you about programming (it doesn't cover much other than assembly, if that) or computer engineering (no help soldering or designing ring buses or whatnot) or even mathematics (boolean algebra is pretty straightforward in its presentation); instead, Code focuses on bringing us to a functioning microcomputer from a flashlight in our bedroom, without ever skipping a layer of abstraction. Even if you already know each slice (in broader detail than presented), seeing the entire journey is at worst enjoyable and at best extremely educational. SINGULAR OF FACT (ANECDOTE): I just thought I'd mention this as well. As my ME friend (at that time, roommate) was chugging through the book, he'd randomly come up and ask me questions or points of clarification. This culminated one evening during dinner. He, my other roommate (a Linux sysadmin/applied mathematician), and I (software developer and former ME) were enjoying some Indian food, and the ME began bugging us about interrupts. He couldn't understand quite what they were useful for. So, over the course of four or so hours, we probed him with questions geared towards increasing his understanding. Something along these lines transpired: ME:"So, what are interrupts good for?" SD: "Well, they're good for getting the processor's attention. How would you handle checking if a button is down?" ME: "I could have processor check a line in." SA: "And if that check happens to miss the button press?" ME: "...erm, I could have something else check it, faster." SD: "And how would you check it?" ME: "You...could have the switch be controlling a bit of the memory, I guess." SD: "Congratulations! You've invented memory-mapped I/O!" SD/SA: SD: "But you still haven't told us about how to solve interrupts." ME: SD: "Let's think about the problem. What you want to do is have the processor poll the button, right?" ME: "Yes." SD: "And only do this when it's needed, right?" ME: "Yep." SD: "So, what if there was some kind of way of signaling the processor that data was ready?" ME: "...oh. I guess you could use a pin for that." SD: "What would that pin do?" ME: "I think it would have to tell the processor to go handle input." SD: "And how would that work?" ME: ME: SA: "What happens if I want to go somewhere else to handle my interrupt code?" ME: SA: "You've just invented the interrupt trap vector!" ...etc... So, by the end of the night, with proper questioning we'd gotten him to come up with MMIO, with virtual memory, with paging, and eventually gotten him to consider how to implement concurrency via scheduling and his newly discovered virtual memory mechanism. It was delightful, and wouldn't have been possible unless he'd been getting the lay of the land from reading Code. edit: oh god the spacing edit2: processor's, not processors With all due respect... "I think this is a completely misguided assumption. Maybe this is true these days. But it wasn't always true, and it shouldn't be true." What the past state was does not matter a great deal in these issues--today's problems are what stand between us and the food on our tables. If you read that economic growth as not being responsible for funding of higher education, you are similarly incorrect. At the national level it's about having strong soft power and at the personal level about it's about "keeping up with the Joneses" re: income. "Higher education, especially in the liberal arts, is for training students to become good community members, citizens and leaders." It was my impression that high schools and parents were the mechanism for indoctrinating youths into community values. Moreover, without playing too hard to personal experience, if my classmates at uni are tomorrow's leaders I'm a great deal concerned. "It's about giving them the cognitive, rhetorical, and even emotional skills required to solve the hard problems that we face as a society. And there is a lot more to solving those problems than promoting "innovation" or "economic growth"." What are these "hard problems"? Hunger? Disease? Working boring jobs to shuffle little bits of paper around? I'd wager that the root of your "hard problems" is ultimately scarcity in one form or another, and the only way to address that is through technology, and the only way to get that is through STEM training. "We subsidize higher education because producing citizens with those skills is valuable to our society." You echo your given quote here--you instead handwave the "skills" involved whereas the quote specifically suggests that economic growth is the valuable criterion to pick skills with. "Are liberal arts programs perfect? No. Do they cost too much? Maybe. Would it be good for society to have more people going into STEM fields? Probably. Does all this mean that liberal arts education is "oversold"? Certainly not." I agree, disagree, agree, and disagree again. Liberal arts programs seem to consist primarily of a great deal of reading and research, augmented with the professional musings of an elder in the field. Is my impression incorrect? If it is not, is there a particular reason why it costs so much when that material is so cheaply available? I'd appreciate clarification on this matter. "Indeed, it is rare to see people express just how valuable the liberal arts are, and why." You know, there is at least one simple explanation that suggests itself for explaining this phenomena... Thank you for the additional information! That chart did seem somewhat limited. From the article: ""private" does not add anything new to a property. If you don't want the property to be used outside of the class ... don't use the property outside of the class. "const" does not add anything new to a variable. If you don't want to change the value of a variable ... don't change the value of the variable. "freeze" does not add anything new to an object. If you don't want to change the shape of an object ... don't change the shape of the object. " Now, having started to dabble a little in Rails and Node--and hence getting exposure to Ruby and JS--I do have respect for a lot of the interesting things you can do in those languages. That said, I've also got a experience dealing with libraries and software engineering on various sized projects, and I'm sensing a pattern here. It seems like good practices (encapsulation, static typing, etc.) are being ignored because they get in the way of "free programming". Now, is this actually an accepted attitude in the web development world, or are these people actively promoting terrible design practices? I understand that programming routines for web pages and the like is not the same as for thick-client applications, but is the use of your library by other people through an interface or namespace collisions really not a large concern? BeOS died because Jobs torpedoed their negotiations with Apple with his return from NeXT. Prior to that, the odds were good that BeOS would become the next OS for Macs. OpenGL is a good API, but it's design is fairly terrible, and its implementations range from quirky to terrible (cosnider Intel's support for anything above 1.4). The notion of internal state is fine and well for only the most trivial of programs--once you start doing something requiring multithreading nothing but sadness awaits. So, where in this article did the author actually state why Objective-C fixed C for them? Where was a listing of C's failings or Objective-C's strengths for their projects? This is not really a good submission--it's got the rhetorical content of a tweet. I'm sorry, but I must disagree with the spirit of your points. Scientists publish in slow peer reviewed journals, because scientific publication has to be peer reviewed. The reviewers are a very small selection of other scientists, who are expert in the field of the publication. So, when you throw work out into the open, anyone with an interest in your topic (your functional peers) will be able to do their own analysis of your work (a review)--some sort of peer-review, if you will. All without needing to go through a stodgy paper review process. This way of work is important to keep quality excellent. We certainly don't need more quickly published junk that stirs the world but is found to be inaccurate later. So, if there is one thing we've seen in the programming world, secluded cabals of experts don't always result in excellent quality (I submit to you, OpenGL, C++, CORBA, for a few examples). New patches are submitted to open-source projects all the time; some are accepted, some are rebuked publicly, and some merely catalyze interesting discussion. "Stirring the world" is hardly a bad thing--in the case of Fleischmann-Pons, the debunking happened quickly and the world was free to move on. In a similar avenue, one of the reasons that the eCat story is frustrating is the lack of transparency (both from the inventors and the media refusing to even air solid rebuttals)--were the information more open, we could sort it into bunk/science and move on. Can we accelerate the process of peer reviewing? I doubt that. As I have written, the reviewers are other scientists who have to find the time to read and comment new articles. The more time they spend with this, the less time they spend doing research. So the small amount of experts usually is responsible for being slow. So, you make the (valid) claim that the process can't go faster, predicating on the scarcity of experts. You seem to have the answer at hand: get more experts. This can be accomplished by either getting more researchers reviewing, or loosening the restrictions on who is considered a valid source. Indeed, places like StackExchange have shown us how to pick out decently good judges of these things--we don't have as great a need for the older method of establishing experts, anymore. 2. The author writes, we could make progress faster. Please: why? It seems to be a sign of the time that we want to accelerate everything. It is most likely that this will only produce more noise. We need to slow down our lives and our thinking to stay accurate and produce real value. In order to help motivate the need for faster progress, please note the following: Earth has over 7 billion people now. ( http://www.unfpa.org/swp/ ) The bottom 50% of people in the world (rightly or wrongly) own around 1% of the wealth. ( http://escholarship.org/uc/item/3jv048hx#page-4 ) We (at least those of us in the first world) don't have a lot of time left, unless we can find ways of solving the Big Problems. Progress in tech is likely the only palatable solution to this predicament. We can't really afford to slow down now. I am glad that science results, at least in my field, are still reliably scrutinized by many. This way I know that reading and spending the time to understand the stuff is worth my time. I'm greatly concerned about this sort of attitude. Might I suggest that an occasional dalliance in "time-wasting" articles might prove refreshing, and further that it could help ferret out ideas that would otherwise be overlooked? edit: Modified for civility. Sorry folks. Out of curiosity, is there some place to locate a clear listing of the seminal works in your field? I'm genuinely curious how much of the difficulty here is actual breadth/depth of the subject matter, and how much of the difficulty is due to some systemic inefficiency in the way research is published and consumed. Thank you sir/madam for an opportunity to better explore the depths of my ignorance. I have previously wondered what sort of use abstract algebra and geometry would be put to outside of various parts of applied mathematics or physics, and I would now appear to have an excellent example. :) As I've mentioned in another reply, I'd like to see the system cleaned up and made more accessible. I'm a mechanical engineer by schooling and a graphics programmer by trade, so I don't frighten easily at math or algorithms. That said, this paper gave me quite a start. How deep down the rabbit-hole would you say it is in the field of computer vision? Is it fairly advanced/niche in application, or is it about some sort of foundational knowledge that is supposed to be known backwards and forwards by practitioners of the art? I feel as though a better way of presenting the papers might aid in understanding (clear list of dependencies for knowledge, clear list of applications, clear note of "hey, this is a minor optimization, so don't sweat the details if you don't get it", etc.), but my personal metrics for judging this may not be correct. Any feedback would be appreciated. All that being said; you can install gnome in ubuntu 11.10. You don't have to use unity. Or, even more simply, we can install Mint. :) Also the random pandering involving child pornography. THINK OF THE CHILDREN. Gah. "Google just said that content owners are responsible for rogue websites. That can't be the truth." Yes, truly, in a free market, seller policies cannot possibly influence the creation of market alternatives. Provided that it is used as a preamble to signify agreement, and that then this agreement is expanded upon by the author, I do not see any problem with it. It's kind of like explicitly using the "this->" or "this." formation in C++ or Java or what have you: sure, it may seem needlessly verbose, but it usually doesn't present a major issue when parsing code and can often help make sure you are in the right area when thinking about things. "This." is useful, provided that it isn't all that's said. This article was a bit annoying to read, as it was full of a lot of the deification of Jobs that's been around since his death. "What it was that Jobs actually did is much of the mystery of his life and his work, and Isaacson, frustratingly, had seemingly little interest in that, or any recognition that there even was any sort of mystery as to just what Jobs’s gifts really were." Why this insistence on mystery? Why this insistence that Jobs had some magical special sauce that all of us are lacking? I see this over and over in the article, as the author tries to complain that not enough lip service in the quotes he brings up is being paid to the Great and Mysterious Steven Paul Jobs. We pride ourselves on all being innovative and hopeful engineers and business folks, right? So, why do we see so much praise for these unexplainable qualities? This has got to stop. The article is particularly bad when quoting a definition of innovation and then simultaneously arguing that Jobs wasn't a mere "tweaker" and that innovation doesn't require completely original thought. Unless I completely misparsed that section, it appears that the author is trying to assert contradictory claims: if Jobs wasn't a tweaker, and he was innovative, then he must have been completely original--yet the author states that this need not be the case! This is crap rhetoric, and I'm bummed to see it appear in an otherwise good blog. Some of the assertions made are also laughable: "The Macintosh was no “tweak”. Pixar was no “tweak”. The iPod is maybe the closest thing among Jobs’s career highlights that one could call a “tweak” of that which preceded it — but it’s hard to separate the iPod, the device, from the entire iTunes ecosystem in terms of measuring its effect on our culture and the way everyone today listens to music. Does anyone really think Apple’s entry into the music industry was a “tweak”?" All of these are tweaks, as substantiated by the quotes used by the author. The Mac was a "tweak" insofar as it was modification to cheaply make a Star. Pixar work prior to '86 was very much laying the groundwork for future CG--Job's purchase perhaps gave funding but likely little else. The contortions used to try and justify the iPod without calling it a "tweak" are hilarious. The online music aspect might get a pass, but still, it's basically just "RECORDS.... ON THE INTERNET!". None of the examples really address the "Jobs was a tweaker" argument. "If anyone is the “tweaker” in the PC industry, a la Gladwell’s 18th century steam engine inventors, clearly it’s Bill Gates, not Steve Jobs." And then this. It's completely extraneous, serving no other function than to scratch the fanboy "Fuck Microsoft" itch. It needn't have even been mentioned--and yet, here it is. No real attempt is even made to justify why it is there, nor to try and explain all of the damning with faint praise of senor Gates. This article is a well-written but poorly justified. We deserve better. HN is full of people who pride themselves on caring about UX, right? Here's (effectively) a first-time user trying to make sense of the process of Wikipedia--this should be a great time for introspection about how to make it more usable (especially when pestering the users for money!). So--perhaps--it might be worth it to do something other than dismiss his complaint? Flagged for removal. Notability? As long as we're busy chatting about pet languages, comparing work/life balances, and generally masturbating about startup culture, we (as a collective) aren't going to do a damned thing. It's time to acknowledge that this behavior of our governments is beginning to violate a reasonable social contract, and if not that, certainly at least realize that our livelihoods are coming under attack. It may well be time to start getting radical in our evaluation of our culture's place in modern politics--they are clearly not serving our interests (much less those of their own citizens!), and yet equally clearly are dependent on us for a great deal of their soft power. Folks with more weight and pull in this area: start paying attention. I wouldn't suggest that we need a social network, but your first suggestion isn't too far from the truth. The exact thing needed is very boring, very low-level, and very unsexy, and I believe can be summarized thusly: We need a method for locating hosts on a network graph which does not have a central point of failure and which cannot be easily disabled. We then need a method for authentically routing messages back and forth between these hosts without fear of man-in-the-middle attacks that can change the contents of the messages. This is pure transport-layer engineering. As long as we can locate anyone connected to our network, and communicate with them without interference, we can build whatever else we need to on top of that. We shouldn't confuse our efforts by trying to make a social network, or new hashcoin lottery, or advanced supergovernment, or whatever else. We shouldn't worry about interception of message contents--that way lies madness; as long as I know my message reached somebody in one piece, and as long as they know that a message signed by me is from me, we can fix the rest later. This is a pure, straightforward, fucking hard engineering problem. Sir or madam, with that attitude, I'm surprised you are here, in a place called Hacker News. A great many of us make good money working around broken systems and architectures. We live for this shit! Having dealt with programming teams in my teenage years, yeah, ego is always an entertaining problem. That said, you come off as a needy manipulative little shithead. If this was such a big deal to you, and you cared so much about self-improvement, why didn't you learn the skills yourself instead of manipulating Paul into doing stuff for you? The biggest problem is that the author seems to be completely ignorant (willfully or otherwise) of the issues involved at the hardware level. They go so far as to point out that high-level languages shouldn't have these limitations (sure, agreed), but then is baffled that something like C/C++ does (and should). C maps more-or-less directly onto assembly, which in turn maps more-or-less directly onto command bit vectors for an ALU. There is no magic decision in the industry to use twos-complement, wrapping arithmetic, or fixed-size integers (which map onto machine words). This person needs to spend some quality time with low-level architectural stuff and gain a better understanding of why things are the way they are. (not that the points are bad, necessarily, for a DSL or something--but stay out of our systems languages!) EDIT: Okay, author is clearly somewhat knowledgeable about the field, but still... these are interesting ideas that don't really make sense for low-level stuff. It's not a matter of allocating enough memory (for bignums or whatever)--it's how the mapping occurs to the actual hardware instructions and datatypes. What's somewhat amusing, though, is that there doesn't seem to be a great deal of wholly bespoke software being written in certain industries (games, a lot of the Web stuff). It's pretty rare that a thick monolithic client of any real seriousness is still being produced, In a way, a lot of folks are just plumbing together little utilities and libraries to do what they could be programming themselves. jQuery, Rails, node.js, redis, sqllite, etc. are the components for larger plumbed systems. So, with the overwhelming reliance on frameworks and third-party libraries in modern software development, perhaps McIlroy may be shown right yet. Really, who cares if they allow third party apps or not? If payed attention to the security concerns mentioned, it's pretty obvious that Apple was able to sidestep a lot of problems by ensuring a walled garden. They test and approve apps, they prevent the trivial pushing of broken malicious things out to the customer (mostly). Now, I understand that you might not have the background in systems engineering of the folks on the Android team, but at least as an intellectual exercise please consider how allowing unsecured third-party apps might impact the sorts of corners that can be cut in your implementation. Translation: we designed the system to behave in a way which didn't utilize system resources the best way possible. Please, by all means, explain to me how lightweight an OpenGL context is. Tell me about the ease of instantiating multiple copies of an oh-so-simple state machine and having it reasonable timeslice on the GPU, especially when you don't control the hardware vendors. Please, tell me more. finding a (edge?) case in which the UI is not smooth on a competing platform seems petty. It really does, doesn't it? Especially when such smoothness is a tradeoff in favor of increased security. So, let's talk about the incentivization issue first. Why is it OK for them to ask antirez to support Windows, but not OK for antirez to ask them to support Linux/POSIX? Because antirez has a tool whereas BigCorp presumably has a problem. Because all of us could benefit from this, while only some of us might benefit from BigCorp switching to Linux. Asking somebody to make their tool more available is, I posit, much more reasonable than asking somebody to change their problems. BigCorp has potentially hundreds of thousands tied up in existing equipment, IT infrastructure, and training for employees. You and I might not flinch at spinning up a VM to run a database, but we (and the rest of the HN community!) should not fool ourselves into thinking that this is in any way always appropriate for a company. Meanwhile, a huge fraction of antirez's time will be spent dealing with the effects of trying to maintain a high-performance, low-level datastore on two utterly incompatible platforms, and the time he spends on that is time taken away from work on other bugs and features, which also amounts to time taken away from all the people who already use Redis on POSIX. Or, you know, he might talk with the Microsoft development team and try to get them to take over maintenance of the Microsoft codebase, and clean up the platform-specific architecture that gets in the way--and in so doing, write better code. If you can't/won't write platform-independent code, you are either lazy or your problem domain is heavily dependent on your platform. As far as I know, in-memory key/value stores aren't a Linux-specific problem, so... There is no incentive at all for antirez, his employer VMware, or the Redis community at large to go through the pain of integrating Windows support into Redis mainline. Let's look past incentives here. Let's talk about Doing the Right Thing. A huge number of people here make daily use of software packages and stacks that are open source. We owe our livelihoods to the folks that have been kind enough to release the source to their programs and, more importantly, work with the community to improve their code. We owe it to ourselves and our community to call out people being lazy and selfish, and letting politics overrule sound engineering and decency. This is an unreasonable decision by antirez. He's got a cool framework. He's got a bunch of code and (presumably) people that are happy to work with him on making it even more useful. He's also not going for it, because "use linux lol". Not because it's hard, not because he doesn't have folks that can add it, not because the problem extends beyond some refactoring and #ifdefs and makefiles. Because he's lazy. Because Linux is the One True Way. Because helping out anyone who can't just change their infrastructure on a whim is too much to ask. Really folks? You don't see a problem with this? Sir or madam, if you would like to articulate why you classify my observations (and in the rant section, opinions) as disgusting, I would very much appreciate the insight. If I have misclassified the situation, by all means, enlighten me. Guy writes code for Linux. Code could theoretically be made to work on Windows. Windows users are therefore entitled to a Windows port. Not quite. Guy writes code for Linux. Code could theoretically be made to work on Windows. Microsoft team submits patch to achieve this functionality. Users can reasonably expect a Windows port. Guy decides using submitted code is too much effort (from article says will get harder and harder) and that besides, there is no demand for it (from article: "I don't think Redis running under win32 is a very important feature."). Users have been denied functioning code because of arbitrary decision by guy. If I'm not mistaken, 4 actually very much does follow from the preceding points. The code is brought into existence. Code is observed to be capable of being modified into working on Windows (i.e., nothing radically platform-centric about it). Microsoft provides the grunt work to accomplish a patch that proves this observation true. Very much, by definition, users can reasonably expect a Windows port. The capability exists. The code exists. The patch functions. If Windows User Clippy says "I expect that redis will be ported to Windows, given these facts", Clippy is not being unreasonable. I'm sorry, but to claim otherwise is merely being obtuse. Your points about IIS7 and Transmit are correct, as those rely on specific OS functionality that is unique--the constructs Redis uses are not, and again code has been written to show this fact. Now, there very much is something to be said for Salvatore (antirez?) not having to do this work for free. Indeed, VMWare may be spending a good chunk of change paying for his services ( http://antirez.com/post/vmware-the-new-redis-home.html ). I do not wish to suggest that he go uncompensated. What I do wish to suggest is this: VMWare: this dude you are paying to develop a widely-used and respected project has (seemingly arbitrarily) turned down code submitted from other practitioners in the field. He has suggested they fork the project (diluting the quality of the Redis brand and potentially removing resources that could improve mainline Redis). He has suggested that the project is too difficult to make cross-platform; I'm sure that you folks might have a different opinion on how important cross-platform support is. Pay him more to make a better project (with help from people in the community!). Or acknowledge that he is correct in his assessment that this is somehow a Linux-only problem. Or do something else to help him figure out how his goals align with the VMWare mission. If you can't write your OWN in-memory key/value store, you are either lazy or a parasite. If you can't write your own green threading library, you are either lazy or a parasite. Please let's be reasonable about what is worth rewriting and what is not. The right thing for people like you is to, you know, just maintain and release their own Redis port. It is BSD licensed - you don't even have to release the source code if you don't want to. And in fact, a port already exists. So you are either lazy, a parasite, or a troll. This attitude is why so many man-hours are lost in the community, and why so many pointless forks exist. Come now, do you honestly believe this is a more efficient/sound/useful solution than trying to get antirez to just add support in mainline Redis (without even having to start from scratch)? Money talks, bullshit walk. Care to elaborate? I'm not fluent in "tired cliche". I haven't seen any complaints about Microsoft dropping POSIX support (which, if it was actually usable, would have supported redis out of the box). I imagine that there were, in certain circles, a lot of annoyance at this. My team and I do a lot of cross-platform C code, and this would've made our lives a lot easier. Then again, if people complained (as I did here!) perhaps things may have gone better? Please stop trying to condense my arguments, as you seem to keep doing so and augmenting them with incorrect analogy. Your example with the Microsoft web browser is disingenuous, as it involves a closed, proprietary system, and your suggested patch involves a workaround on the part of users. This is a direct patch applied to an open codebase, which in turn allows users to reasonably expect that, there being no technical or resource obstacles to implementation, a platform port could be expected. Your critique of my 5th statement is not unfair--I should've elaborate on the connection between "not important" and "no demand". I was in error. Your analogy using the iPad simply muddies the waters. Your critique of my 6th statment is also unfair. The decision was arbitrary (we know that technical constraints don't exist, and that it isn't "free work" being asked for unreasonably). Asking people to just build it from source is not good for users, and forcing the creation of a fork of a codebase is not good for developers. You are being unreasonable, I believe. The reasoning given for the decision is heavily based in arbitrary judgements not backed by valid engineering concerns (a lot of that low-level OS stuff? Yeah, actually pretty standard across operating systems, though the incantations may be different). You sir, are either an idiot or a masterful troll -- I would pick the first, if only because it makes me feel better to think I haven't been trolled :) I wasn't attempting to troll here, and I prefer not to think of myself as an idiot--then again, I also prefer to debate with people who can structure arguments without excessive namecalling or misleading strawmen. Translation: We would have gotten something for nothing. Actually, we would've been able to focus on mainline development instead of having to write some supporting libs. That said, having written that code, we now are going to share it with the rest of the world, so they don't have to waste time doing what we did. If you'd like to leave an email address here, I'll cheerfully send you notice of our release personally. Question: Does your team release any of its code? If so, can I have a look? If not, why not -- and why do you feel entitled to someone else's source code? We're releasing a cross-platform low-level OS, threading, and math library for C under either the WTFPL or BSD license around New Years. This library will have a public bug tracker, open source, and excellent documentation for usage and code commenting as well overall package design so that others may extend it easily if they wish. ~ Sir or madam, call me whatever you wish, but at least be accurate. I am no parasite. Or, just maybe, many of the startups synergizing twitterscapes and being the X-but-social-networked might not need high-caliber bleeding-edge CS grads, and could probably get by with coffee-fueled hacks? I hear there's a gem for that... To better understand, look at your list of engineers/entrepeneurs first: -Paul Allen: Acquired QDOS for Microsoft, worked with folks who saw potential in software instead of hardware for desktops. -John Carmack: Cofounded id software, code is especially notable for being flexibly licensed, open for modification, and for being built with the next-generation of computers in mind. Consider that Quake required an FPU when they weren't always common, and that the first and third games in that series ran the game logic in a virtual machine (a VM, for an FPS, in the 90s, on consumer hardware). -Richard Branson: Built up empire in music industry by taking risks, solidified by expanding into transportation by attempting (if I'm not mistaken) something like Southwest for Europe, and expanded into telecom as first network not needing its own infrastructure. -Jeff Bezos: Built up Amazon, and insisted on long-term solutions. Because of this, significant chunks of the infrastructure we all use today run through projects like AWS. -Mark Shuttleworth: Founded Ubuntu Foundation and laid the groundwork for Linux on the Desktop (a running joke now, but still a valid goal). Later work was making the decision to switch from X to Wayland, which one day may pay off. A common trend among all of these folks is their ability to forgo the "easy" solution in favor of a longer-term, harder, but ultimately more profitable one. Their decision to look at the long term is what has made them successful, and in most of their cases their contemporaries likely saw them as being either silly or nuts (or both). So, why aren't they investing in {nanotech,robotics,cold fusion}? Nanotech is a great buzzword. My khakis have nanotech. I think the toothpaste I used this morning has nanotech. When you actually talk with folks in the field, though, it doesn't really serve a great purpose other than securing NSF grants. There is fantastic basic research in materials science and chip fabrication going on, but the idea of doing something as outright amazing as a molecular assembler is pretty far from where we are now--and anything else is basic engineering that frankly doesn't do much for the species as a whole. Robotics is another great buzzword. Here's the issue in a nutshell, though: any robot you show me is going to be less versatile than a human (of even minimal intelligence and skill), and will take more effort to manufacture. To put it differently, the human body is the most complex mechanism on Earth, and the only one that can be produced by entirely unskilled labor. Robotics' main purpose these days seems to be either cleaning or helping one group of humans oppress another--GM tried to use them in mass number in the 80s and damn near wrecked the company. Why do we need robots? Why does the species (not just some first-world folks) benefit from them? Why not just use people? Cold fusion has not been shown to be possible, and (for the worse) the entire topic is ridiculed and somewhat of a pariah in the only circles that can really do useful work on it. Some folks still press on (godspeed Focardi!), but the timescale of actual progress is not looking good. This is really sad, because cheap energy actually benefits the species as a whole, and would be unconditionally a good thing, for everyone (third- and first-world alike). So, finally,let's talk about space. We have a limited amount of resources on this planet--even setting aside arguments about how the resources are distributed, it is obvious that one day we will hit peak. It might takes decades, or centuries, but it will happen. With our current cultural emphasis on growth (and the attendant acceleration of consumption of resources), we are only getting into a worse position. Sure, we can limit ourselves and attempt sustainability, but the burden of that (reducing consumption and procreation, etc.) is a very large one, and it seems that the only places with the wealth and technology to take the long view are the same ones with the populations most resistant to loss of creature comforts and centralized control (almost certainly necessary). Long term, we can stabilize on Earth and go out with a whimper instead of a bang, or we can try to do better. Space is better. Leaving to procure more resources is better. Distributing the human race so no cataclysmic event can wipe us all out is better. Exploring our universe (or even, initially, our solar system) is better. Any other course of action, regardless of how humanitarian or efficient or resourceful, is picking out ahead of time the color on the coffin of the species. Ah, allow me to clarify then. This second comment contradicts your first. Robotics is hard, really hard (especially humanoid robots), the benefits to humanity are huge. So, my main issue is that of the third clause there--ultimate profitability. For the sake of argument, I'll agree that robotics is hard (this is not necessarily true, but that doesn't matter here that much). So, let's talk about profitability. So, let's sweep away the current constraints of robotics. Let's assume we can make them cheaply (we can't), and that we can make them as arbitrarily flexible as a person (we also can't) with matching intelligence (also not reasonable). For the purposes of modeling, we'll just say that we can produce these humanoids at the same relative cost as producing a person to do the same job. Why is this attractive? All we've done is put a lot of humans out of work, and created a population of subservient mechanisms. If we make them as best we are able (allowing for the exceedingly liberal constraints above), all that has been accomplished is the creation of a slave race, perhaps identical to our own in every regard save one: we may claim the moral high ground in disposing of them as we see fit, as they are not people--and this is abhorrent to me. We still would have to figure out what to do with all of the genuinely unemployed. We still would have to figure out how to widely distribute this technology. We still would have to figure out how to value a sentient being. And in addition, we'd have to expend all of those resources getting to a point where all of the problems we started with remain. So, no, I don't believe that robotics (especially humanoid robotics) is really a mission-critical goal for humankind. ~ I still very much believe in tools, and I still very much believe in things like CNC machines, printers, and the like (robots after a fashion). However, those are all fairly straightforward engineering problems, and mostly solved ones. We currently could choose to have a machining center on every block, a printer on every corner--but policy issues prevent that. It almost makes me think that you are just joking or baiting people since the benefits seem self evident. It would be like saying similar things about cars when replacing the horse. The critical flaw in that analogy, though, is that the car is functionally identical to a horse as far as someone needing transportation goes. Robotics, pursued with any degree of seriousness, eventually runs into the issue of making human labor obsolete (and taken to extremes of what people would like to see with artificial intelligence and such, humans themselves). Good post, but as someone who dabbles in trolling as a hobby, I'd like to suggest the following: Trolls are important. Trolling, especially as seen on places like slashdot/4chan/somethingawful/etc., can oftentimes be a mechanism of critique for ideas and rhetorical styles. One of the best things about the 'net is that, frankly, none of this really matters. None of it. It's a big joke. My twitters and my wikis and my posts don't mean anything. They're bits in the stream. My karma is an int on a server somewhere, incremented and decremented by the whims of my fellow users. Trolls can help remind all of us that hey, this is all light-hearted. They say outrageous things, they stir up trouble, they cause annoyance, they sully the pristine conditions of these high-minded realms of discourse. In short, folks, they keep us all honest. They call us on our bullshit. And when a community takes itself so seriously that it becomes a habitat for trolls, it usually is a sign that that community needs to be dispersed, cleaned, and reformed elsewhere. HN is a pretty cool place, and I hope it lasts a long while before ossifying and becoming infested with trolls. I would be really interested to hear why you think robotics is easy? So, most of the robotics we deal with is pretty straightforward, right? For the algorithms, it's motion planning, communication, modeling uncertainty, and so on. For the hardware, it's control theory, light power supplies, strong materials, etc. These are not "hard" problems, they are merely expensive ones. Better technology or more funding will almost certainly solve these issues, and these are the main chunks of robotics research I see today--and that is why I don't consider robotics necessarily "hard". It seems to be straightforward engineering, not science or mathematics. The Asimo is an excellent piece of engineering, and I would buy a beer for any of its engineers were I to run across them. That said, a lot of the reason it's taken so long is that the supporting tech has had to be worked around. If we had infinitely fast computers, with infinitely fast actuators, running on infinitely long-lived batteries, robotics would be damned easy--don't confuse technological disadvantages with real difficulty. Humans will find other niches. Taking robotics to the extreme will mean that survival will become extremely cheap if not free since machines will be able to do most if not all for us. It won't matter if you are unemployed since your personal robot is already doing all the work. i.e. Farming, house building, maintenance, clothe manufacturing, cooking. Etc. Etc. So you see, we may evolve into a society that may not need to work so unemployment is a non issue. The real issue is what will we do with all our free time? I predict that most of society will still work but only in what interests them, no longer will people need to be stuck in a crappy job longing to work on their dreams. We may enter a true golden age like never seen before. This is certainly a wonderful dream, but we don't need robots to accomplish it. We already have the technology available to support life cheaply/freely--agricultural output and goods production is more than sufficient to accomplish this, provided policymakers do the right thing. They would need to do the right thing, even with robots. That being the case, it's more profitable to simply skip the robot revolution and focus on the actual policy issues motivating it. I'm sorry, my friend, but robots are a solution in search of a problem. (as for the rest of your post, I don't really disagree save for one thing: if we aren't making sentient robots, we're making tools, which require people to run them--why not simply use people?) That's part of being a human, right? I am presented with another person's responses to my inputs in the form of communications, and I build a model of the person. Sometimes this model is correct, sometimes this model is incorrect. I might misjudge a person who is kind to my face as being decent, when behind my back they spread rumors and gossip. Similarly, I might have a coworker who always criticizes my approaches to problems, but is the first to stick up for me in meetings. Sometimes you judge rightly, other times wrongly, and in either event life goes on (real or virtual). This is just part of the human condition--and trolls remind us of this fact and the fact that sometimes you can't tell. Even in the most openly hostile troll communities (FYAD, /b/, etc.) there is a solid "trust": you will be trolled. This idea of trust is a very strange thing, to me. If I present an argument or point logically and it is accepted, then there is no problem. If I do so and it is rejected logically, there is no problem. If I do so and are assailed with noise and rubbish, then it is usually pretty clear that it's just garbage and to be ignored. If I seek affirmation and reassurance from people online instead of flesh-and-blood folks I can talk to directly, I being to wonder if this is actually an okay state of affairs. If my support group could be replaced with a bunch of clever Python scripts, Markov models, and machine learning algos, I would suggest that something is deeply wrong--and that is exactly the sort of inscrutable interface forums provide. Only when you start to "trust" the personas you encounter online and become invested in your model of them do you actually run the risk of getting hurt. Treat it like a game, learning what you can when you can and ignoring the rabble, and things go best. :) I'm talking about the software part. i.e. Building the software that will tell the robot how to walk (over any terrain), process verbal commands (Siri one early example of this), build a house, cook you a meal, etc. That is hard. Even the software part isn't "hard" theoretically; performing balancing, walking, and such is an engineering challange. With a sufficiently large expert system and data set all problems can likely be solved with a lookup table--again, this is only limited by current technology and processor power. You see this effect when comparing older robots to new ones--people are just finally able to run known algos on hardware they can actually mount on a robot. I'm still mulling over your other assertions... at any rate, thank you for a good discussion. :) Out of genuine curiosity, how would you define "honest discourse"? Online forums are, by definition, right there on the 'net along with Google and Wikipedia and other resources, so flat-out misrepresentation of facts seems somewhat difficult. If somebody chooses to be irrational, they are readily identified as such, right? So where does honesty fit in all this? I'm going back and re-reading some of the rest of the DF blog with that voiceover... brilliant. The thing here that doesn't make sense to me is the whole notion of "I can't program." Can you write directions? Can you communicate? Can you break a problem down into smaller problems? That's all coding is! There's no magic to it at all! Engineering, systems design, sure, okay, that may be harder. But "coding" is something anyone should be able to do with enough practice. So, does anyone here honestly believe we owe these clowns anything? How many of you in meetings with a VC tweet about being bored and surfing for cats with cheeseburgers? How many of you would keep an employee who did this during an engineering meeting? How many of you would keep working at a job when your boss ignores you so they can check their fantasy football teams? The only funny (morbidly, blackly funny) part of this is that that wasn't what stopped the debate--it was a finicky rule about choice of language, some pieces of which date back over a century and a half. Folks, these are the people running the US. These are the people who have a monopoly on force, and who claim the moral highground to do with you what they will for the nation. Why the fuck aren't you doing something? What? No. That's rubbish. The failure of the Occupy movement has been that it is primarily been driven at an emotional level, and (if my own experiences have shown anything) has lacked serious thought. So, here, we're all designers/engineers/entrepeneurs, let's talk about this. Goal: Fix what is broken with the US federal government. Constraints: Any proposed solution cannot disrupt current economy significantly (avoid riots, breaking public services, hurting people. etc.). Any proposed solution must be straightforward in implementation and simple in explanation (average Joes and Janes need to be able to get it--no GNU cat() implmentations, please). Any proposed solution must gracefully integrate or deprecate existing systems where possible (see defense, messaging [postal service], FCC, IRS, etc.)--this need not include existing legislative organs, however (those are command mechanisms, which probably would need to be replaced wholesale anyways). Any proposed solution must allow active participation by the governed and allow for expression of their will. This implies any solution must allow for equal, open, and easy access to the functioning of the government. Suggested starting point: 1. Identify what is actually wrong with the government. EDIT: Updated example list of existing systems example. Added constraint for "expression of governed's will". Well, let's treat it like a systems architecture problem, right? If you can orchestrate a cloud of servers, you should be able to at least make some progress on a union of states, yes? Good government, I think, is probably like good OS design--freedom, function, and security from others. Join the discussion: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3361424 I think a committee meeting in the House is quite a different environment than an "engineering meeting". I mean, they are nominally doing the same sort of work as we'd do designing control flows in software, right? They're looking at a problem, identifying issues, finding dependencies, and then picking a decision-making algorithm (the law) that should address those issues. They use legalese instead of bytecode, but the idea is the same. The idea that somehow this process should be held to different standards than any other engineering project (especially any other one which impacts so many!) is likely central to the problems we face as a country today. I do not support violence, but you raise an interesting point in your explanation. So, allow me to offer a condensed set of your listed problems there, and please correct me if I miss/misrepresent something: 1. No mechanism for holding politicians accountable exists. 2. In the event where a politician is found accountable, no meaningful mechanism for punishment exists. I'd suggest something like the following: Treat this like a software development project, except we're coming up with a government instead of a program. 1. Setup a public bugtracker, where people can submit examples of federal government acting incorrectly (attached to bugs, have relevant news articles, studies, and impacts for why it is important). 2. Setup a repo with a "blessed" version of the founding documents of the government. Anyone can read the docs, and suggest changes. Any changes to the laws would have an easy-to-follow path in the changelog, and linked tickets from the bug tracker demonstrating that they were necessary. These docs can be forked, but the blessed branch gets the "official" reference implementation. We've had the tools to "fix" government for years now--we should start using them. Things I'd personally like to see: 1. Who controls the "blessed" version? This is a hilariously interesting problem, and likely would end up with some kind of set of "core" developers. That said, we have the tech to make relatively authenticated, secure votes (PGP or somesuch). I'd suggest using that to accept changes to mainline, and if it becomes obvious the core devs aren't paying attention we fork. This might be really slow to get things accomplished (past the initial bootstrap), but that's okay in government--the more conservative your creation of policies, the better. 2. A creation of a structured query language for determining if an action obeys a law. This would be really tricky, but if the core docs can unambiguously be parsed and tested against so many problems in government simply go away. I don't really expect this to get done, but it's an intriguing idea, no? 3. My personal belief is that a good government is like a good operating system: it provides basic infrastructure when you need it, is invisible when you aren't looking for it, and protects you from other things in the environment (and them from you!). So, a lean, simple, easily-verifiable government that protects basic rights and provides basic needs and which only intervenes when processes (groups) come into direct conflict seems like the correct goal--not this bloated ill-defined overreaching contraption we have today. Local government isn't usually a huge issue (there are some problems, see the shitshow over the sewers in Birmingham). It's federal government, which functions at a high level of abstraction by definition, that has the biggest issues and the worst interface for solving them. I vote in local elections and cheerfully pay taxes--but look only towards the treatment of the online petitions hosted by our current administration to see how much attention is paid. The difficulty of participating in government isn't something to be cherished--it's something to be fixed. Absolutely wonderful quote from the article: My tool for writing Varnish is the C-language which in many ways is unique amongst all of the computer programming languages for having no ambitions. The C language was invented as a portable assembler language, it doesn't do objects and garbage-collection, it does numbers and pointers, just like your CPU. Compared to the high ambitions, then as now, of new programming languages, that was almost ridiculous unambitious. Other people were trying to make their programming languages provably correct, or safe for multiprogramming and quite an effort went into using natural languages as programming languages. But C was written to write programs, not to research computer science and that's exactly what made it useful and popular. This is a great thing to meditate on when trying to understand why the language is still used. Therefore forwards compatibility is always, by definition, more important than backwards compatibility, and you should never penalize future programs and programmers for the misdeeds and sloppines of the past programs and programmers. Ha. You're adorable. While I do support the general "hey, let's fix old code and not be slaves to backwards compatibility", the fact of the matter is that legacy code / libraries / whatever in C aren't merely misdeeds/sloppiness--you might as well complain about having to use the same molecules of metal in your tools that our ancestors did building Rome instead of making your own from subatomic particles. There is a finite number of existing programs whereas the number of future programs to be written is unbounded and very likely to be much higher over time. But in the future, it's all Javascript/Ruby/CSS/HTML5! Why worry about writing more C code? ;) I've got one involving cars if you prefer. :) Out of curiosity, and forgive my ignorance here, but since everyone seems to prefer using event-driven methods in JS, why was a message-based protocol passed over in favor of this stream solution? False. For the type of vector arithmetic you do in games, SSE (much less later flavors like SSE2/3/etc.) is a big win. SIMD instructions for number crunching is huge. Your example there is more GCC being shitty than anything else. The most useful (and troubling) realization I've had was that there pretty much wasn't any amount of money my company could give me that wouldn't immediately be earmarked for my own startup warchest. When your company fails to give you something interesting to work on, welp, that's how things will go down. If I wanted to make big bucks being a soulless drone I'd see who was hiring for sales or quants. So, I specifically said that SSE was better for the vector arithmetic that games do. Almost any game you pick will, in the source somewhere, have Vector3::Add(), Vector4::Dot(), etc. functions. Scalar code is not trivially fixed by using SSE, true, but the majority of really obnoxious math being done (skinning, vector arithmetic, etc.) should be really easy to make really fast. Oh christ. I'm pretty sure my sysadmin friends would murder anyone that tried this on their boxen. As an engineer, while I appreciate the amount of shiny going on here, I doubt that adding yet another layer of tooling requirements to dealing with logs is the right answer--this could lead to serious ax-sharpening of picking the best JSON-to-readable scripts, and you can bet your ass that'll be different on every machine, install, site, etc. etc. All that being said, I could see this being hilariously useful in game development. Having little JSON crumbs dribble out during playtesting and QA would be really handy, and that is an area where data mining is actually quite useful. Having a trivial way of sorting through crumbs by issue or tester, and then being able to, say, project the bugs into an HTML5/WebGL-based tool for devs to use would be really nifty. So, all we're going to do is nerdrage about C vs. C++ here. There will be diehard architecture astronauts on the one side, and crufty neckbeards on the other. We've all seen this thread before. ~ Instead, let's talk about things that C++ got right that aren't super obvious! :) For me, one of the coolest things about C++ is having destructors. The neat thing about them is that they are based on the scope of an object, and tie directly into when the object leaves scope in the language (as determined at compile time). Any code there gets run when the object is deleted or leaves scope, and this is guaranteed to happen immediately. So, I know exactly when an object is no longer "needed", and if I'm careful I can use things like smart pointers and reference counting to guarantee that a shared resource gets removed when it needs to. I can also override new/delete and do some magic to have a reliable "hey, come free me from the heap later" behavior--when the destructor is called, have the class append itself to a list of things to be GC'ed when the time is right. Java, for example, doesn't do this--a request to finalize may be fulfilled, one day, when the VM feels like it. This makes smart handling of things like system resources really clunky, and can force me to write C-ish code like freeSystemResources() or something. Having an ability to explicitly know when lexical scope has been left is pretty cool. What other cool things have you seen in C++ (or C)? It would be unethical if the tables were turned and ordinary citizens were getting their emails released. It would be unethical if a company properly secured their servers. It would be educational if ordinary citizens expected their communications to be completely private without taking reasonable measure to assure same. This is a great lesson in security. I supported the wikileaks 'collateral damage' video leak, because I think its important that our government be transparent and its citizen understand the ramifications of going to war. But this, I can't support it. One of the ramifications of going to war, like it or not, is increased scrutiny. This is a weaker form of the "collateral damage" that our politicians and bureaucrats routinely write off. Alright, so, anyone care to put effort into a reply as opposed to solely downvotes? I mean, that's an interesting question, right? I've copied the information in your mail to myself without harming the original. If I burned your letter, I've absolutely committed a wrong, but I didn't do that. If you fail to lock your door, you are in effect allowing this possibility. If you communicate over a "clear" channel, without taking steps to encrypt that data, you are again allowing this. That's why I don't view this as a valid moral claim. If you opened mail from my physical mailbox, you'd have committed the federal crime of mail tampering, which faces a fine and/or jail time. If you opened 3.3 million letters from my mail box, you'd probably be the first person to live the remainder of their life in jail for mail tampering... regardless of your age. Right, yes, it's illegal , but that's more an accident of legislature than anything else. Don't pretend that that gives it moral explanatory power one way or the other. If I fail to lock my door, it's still immoral to enter my property and steal everything. Just as it's immoral to enter my unlockable mailbox and steal my mail. I agree that theft resulting in exclusion of your access to your resources is very much unethical--copying mail does not result in this exclusion of access. If you don't find it immoral for someone else to read your mail then honestly you should have no qualms with posting the entire contents of all your email addresses online for us to scrutinize as well. I don't have to find it immoral; giving away that information freely is an act of charity I do not believe myself morally obligated to perform. Were you to come across it otherwise, I'd be a bit annoyed (as I would have to update various authentication mechanisms), but I wouldn't believe I ought to jail you or fine you or the like. I make a bet, everyday, that the relative security of my systems is adequate for my needs. Some days I'm right, some days I'm wrong, and I bear no ill will for somebody that authenticates as me to that system--clearly, the error was in the system's scope and construction. My problem with this world is people like you, who will be the first to scream fucking murder when some trivial wrong happens to you but you claim everyone else has no moral claim for not doing everything you deem appropriate. Get off your fucking high horse and learn the god damn definition of morals because at least knowing the definition might help you find a set. I'm giving myself a 99% chance of being down voted, but put your money where your mouth is. I want to see your goddamn emails. You know, if I could do so without giving away authentication credentials for other things, I would. That said, the cost-benefit isn't there. As I pointed out above, I don't have any moral obligation to provide you with information--if you gather on your own, hell, that's your business. As long as only copying has occurred, what does it matter? The whole "but nothing was destroyed" argument is a whole other argument, but equally as weak. The fact that exclusive access information has value has been long established, and there are numerous precedents in the physical world showing it. The best example is someone breaking into a commercial office, gaining access to private commercial documents which they can use in negotiations. Clearly harm has been done, as it has in this case. So, lost profits due to being in a worse bargaining position is hardly a "harm". The company in question can either go through the negotiations in a weaker position, or they can walk away from the table. This is a case of better matching the (true) price of sale for the seller and consumer. Ignorance is what allows large profits to be made, and as far as I recall unrealized profits shouldn't be claimed as harms. Not tragic. Didn't happen to Americans. :) (See what I did there? Stop being so blindly nationalistic--admit that China has some pretty heinous issues re: food safety and consumer safety/confidence [fair or not]) It's a nice strawman, right? Especially when he points out that the original code, in context, is perfectly fine. His later complaint about the assignment-in-if statement is certainly something shared by modern C programmers (see compiler warnings about same), but it perfectly fits the original style and accomplishes its task. His criticisms seem to be rooted so far in stylistic issues and in taking the code out of context (design context, usage guarantees, etc.). Then again, how are you to nerdbait while still being fair to original sources? Yeah, I'm all about checking your assumptions and defensive programming but k&r is hardly as fault because you throw garbage at a random function and it segfaults. Maybe he should write a series on "Learn Ada the Hard Way"? If I can make a suggestion, then. I apologize if you've already covered this elsewhere in your book, but: Please encourage the use of the "restrict" keyword to encourage proper aliasing optimization by compilers. Also, would it be worth considering, perhaps in a chapter on how-to-deal-with-C-style-strings-if-you-must, including a section on writing compiler-independent macros to emulate safer calls like the str*_s variants in VS. These functions are usually slightly-different in incantation across VS and GCC, so it might be helpful to abstract them. It also is a relatively simple exercise in preprocessor macros with a clear benefit. ...or just use Python, Ruby, or Lisp directly? Doing weird things to a C file (while occasionally useful) is just increasing the technical debt of your teammates later. (though, we do have a closure-ish macro in our codebase that's pretty nifty, so do as I say not as I do etc.) So, almost all of the code I've released has been part of a group effort--either something in-house I may not be able to release, or as part of a small team writing OSS. How does this actually help me? I'm not going to take credit for entire projects, especially not when I'm working on them with friends. It would appear that if they overpay on the final paycheck, tough shit. Please check my reading--the link seems to indicate that future wages can be reduced to recoup an error, but that the money can't be collected back directly. So, it suggests that the final paycheck is overpaid, Codemasters would have to reduce future wages temporarily to make up for the imbalance, but there are no future wages (lol), so Codemasters cannot seek recourse. Am I reasonable in this interpretation? ~ As an aside, it irks me that an employer is given any rights in this regard--if you can't do basic HR arithmetic (especially since they sure as hell aren't doing anything as exacting as code or what have you) I deserve the balance of your ignorance. If a company overpays for a part and then finds out that the part went on sale right after purchase, they eat the cost. If a company brings a product to market and underprices it and loses money, they eat the cost. If a company hires someone for contract work and overpays them--pays them more than is reasonable for the work done, but pays them what was promised--then they eat the cost. If a company decides to take out a chunk from its petty cash fund and burn it to make smores over, they eat the cost. So, why the hell isn't an overpayment in HR considered something similar? Why isn't it a free-market "you can't do math accurately" tax? (genuinely curious) ...and were you to switch places with one of the great unwashed masses, and they were to piss all that opportunity away, they'd be fools still. We all play the hands we're dealt in life, using whatever calculations make sense to us. We are "graded" by the effectiveness of these calculations. The fact that somebody else given the same inputs could still screw everything up or make the same decisions implies, to me anyways, that we shouldn't worry about or have guilt for our initial conditions. You could have thrown all that wealth and opportunity away (as many do), but you didn't. Don't undervalue your own efficacy. Eh, using protected/private members is one of those things that makes sense only insofar as you are paranoid that you can't just access internals directly. That said, consider the following. I've got a renderer that accepts a sprite to draw. Version 1: I pass the sprite object to the renderer, and the renderer gets the texture contained in the sprite and draws it, scaling it according to the sprite's size and position public members. I then decide that all of my sprites draw slightly differently (different scales/glow effects/color tint/whatever). Version 2: I pass the renderer my sprite, it gets the size and render settings members from the sprite, and then draws it. Oops! I now decide I want a hierarchy of sprites, so that I can add hats. Version 3: Same as version 2, but in the draw routine now the renderer asks the sprite for its parent to calculate its position and size, and now I've got more renderer code and more sprite code. I can't just use the exposed position member of the sprite--it has context and logic behind it that must be done. Oh wait, I have a problem in which the sprite glow might change depending on how many times its been drawn. Version 4: The renderer now has to keep track of how many times it's drawn a sprite. My renderer is getting a bit chunky now. Did I mention scale should change according to time but also the sprite's velocity? Version 5: Renderer grabs these variables directly, and does all that other stuff too. ...and that now I want to let that scale be overridden by a isConstantSize flag on the sprite? Version 6: aaaaaargh ...and that now the sprite can decide it wants to defer to a parent sprite's settings sometimes? Version 7: what did i do to deserve this? ~ Proper encapsulation and use of accessors is clearly a sign of paranoia. That said, as your code evolves, you might find that this paranoia is completely justified. Hiding queries behind interfaces lets you future-proof them and trivially add more advanced behavior and hooks. Even when you are working by yourself on an internal project, you are never working alone. You are also working with your future self, and that person is guaranteed to want something different from you and to make assumptions that you are not. Oh, and for good measure--everytime you force yourself to use an accessor, you are providing the opportunity for somebody down the line to add debug and validation code. Or to add locking and critical sections. Or replace a dumb get and recalculation with caching. Or replace caching with a dumb get. Or a database access. This flexibility is not something you might think you need. You might also never need to debug your own code, or check your assumptions about variables, or track who is accessing what when. (for what it's worth, I don't use protection for data members of Plain-Old-Data types [say, messages or vectors] very often--they're too dumb to deserve this sort of extensibility or cost) What, is there some kind of run on parens in your neck of the woods? Running such a lean startup you can't afford a function invocation? This isn't premature abstraction or architecture astronautics--this is just good practice. If you are in a language like Java or C, your compiler should optimize away the call if it doesn't do something clever. If you are in Ruby, this is so easy to do that it doesn't even need mentioning--you just call the variable directly and behind the scenes you have replaced the variable name to be a function doing your magic instead. If your fingers protest at the additional "get" in your function names, go and buy yourself a real IDE. EDIT: Parent thread added clarification worth noting here. I'm not saying you should add accessors for every protected member--that's just as bad. I mean to say you should only expose members that absolutely require it (the fewer the better, generally), and only do so through function interfaces you can hook. :) So, this is a great example of the system failing us. Idea: 1. Run for official office (senator, rep., pres., whatever). 2. Put up website with list of issues, allow people to vote if they add a comment per vote. 3. Put up link to opencongress or whatever to track your record on the bill. 4. Vote in office according to the trends on the website. If you vote against prevailing opinion, you are trivially found out. 5. On banner of website, post the number of votes you did following the polls on the site versus the number of times you dissented. 6. Enjoy making history. ~ This seems to me to be a great way of matching the existing system interface without actually giving up a democracy. Eh, we can't make major changes to government without a lot of red tape. We can, however, match the existing interface. This is classic hacking of legacy code. You know, it would seem that that sector gets a whole lot of coverage while much more egregious and dangerous threats to liberty are happening. It's unfortunate, because such things make great smokescreens while at the same time being so polarizing (wrongfully so) that they blot out more other grave matters and attract crazies that impede genuine progress in gender policy. EDIT: fixed some bad grammar. So, there are some deep issues here, right? I very much agree that participating in the system is essential. I vote early and often, as the saying goes, and bug friends about issues. In some sense, yeah, we've failed the system. Then again, the address to that is really uncomfortable: the system was designed to deal with people who actually were (nominally) fit to govern themselves. I would posit the (loathsome) idea that most of the population functions mainly to consume services and act selfishly. They have no great intellect, ambition, desire, or goal beyond feeling good and being happy. There is nothing "wrong" with this, but that's the way it is--consider the evolution of the computers and programming away from terminal-driven computation devices to slick advertising delivery systems. There is a lot to unpack, but it isn't productive to do that here. As for your algorithm, it's crap. Here's why. First, the system technically functions based solely on votes, but these votes can be changed by gerrymandering, hacking voting machines, rigging elections, etc. Don't pretend like your vote is some assured method of sending an impulse (however small) to the system. Note also that once candidates are in office, the system responds to their whims, and in turn many whims can be affected by extortion, blackmail, bribery, corruption, or whatever else. Second, you assert that you still vote when the incumbent isn't working out--you just vote against them. This is wrong, because the information you want to convey--"The candidate in office is not one I want"--is now altered to something else--"I want this particular candidate in office". You've given away the ability to say "None of these candidates are worth a damn, give us new ones". Any system that will seriously allow the election of dead men into office in preference to a living being, no matter who despicable, is failed. The system is very much failing us. That said, it's near impossible to fix it--there is a lot of inertia, and we can't exactly bring it down for three months for a refactor, now can we? ssssshhhhhhh (contrived example for making a point... visiting a draw() method with a solid renderer interface is the answer we usually use) Dude, stop saying it's broken. For higher level languages where we have intelligent string objects, yeah, bounds checking is assumed--but this is something originating in assembly-level stuff. If you call it with broken memory, of course it won't work correctly. You're doing a good job spreading knowledge--don't spread misinformation. Everyone who is aware of secure C coding knows strcpy() is buggy and the cause of most buffer overflows. If strcpy() was truly buggy and unpredictable in its implementation, it wouldn't be nearly so useful as an attack vector. Be accurate--strcpy() is unsafe , not buggy . Sheesh. Yeah, sure! Code's up here: www.762studios.com It's been up about a week or so. (EDIT: we had it up on the first, technically.) We're pushing out a significant update to that code in the next few days, as well as polishing the site with the bugtracker and things. One of the big problems we ran into was function-level specialization for certain container classes--storing smart pointers in certain cases would screw up the reference counting. The code update will be fixing that. If you want to get in touch, shoot me an email at cre1@762studios.com Happy hacking! :) It's so poorly designed that it should be considered wrong, buggy, defective, unsafe, and removed. Look, think about the context here. Consider that the language is glorified assembly against a (somewhat) defined virtual machine. The functional description of the routine is "Hey, so, look at this byte in memory and copy it to this other byte, leave if the byte copied was zero, otherwise increment both addresses and do it again." There is nothing there that need be "proven"--it's all right there! If you have a sequence of bytes with a null, it terminates; if you don't, it doesn't. Boom. Done. You can't prove logically that the while loop inside will end given any random input. It's not intended to be used with any random input. Zed, programs are not written to turn arbitrary data into what you want--that entire notion is absurd. You have to make assumptions somewhere. strcpy() et al. are written with the knowledge that those assumptions are being made elsewhere in the system. With that being the case, the routine can be written as short as is needed to perform its task. If you wrote code like that then I'd flag it as a bug, so how is it that strcpy is somehow reclassified as "unsafe" but yeah totally not a bug? Perhaps because your bug detector is broken, and everyone else knows that tools can be dangerous and useful? It is not a bug because it will do exactly what it claims to do , and nothing different--it is deterministic. It will copy bytes from one place to another through it hiting a null (or segfaults). This is not a bug--the domain of behavior is well known. The implementation is correct and the algorithm is simple. It is unsafe because if you are incorrect in fulfilling the preconditions for using it (i.e., your source buffer isn't null terminated and your destination buffer is too small) it may have undesirable behavior. It is unsafe because in the real world you get strings from other libraries whose authors may or may not have done a good job of terminating them in all annoying use cases. It is unsafe because in the real world you can have another part of the program screw up and corrupt the string pointer it is being given, landing it in the middle of the heap far away from a saving terminator. ~ There are plenty of very good reasons not to use strcpy() when you don't control the entire flow into and out of it. You don't have to complain about it being buggy (which it isn't, at least in the distro of libc I'm using) or defective (which it isn't, as it does exactly what the spec says it should do ). You could just point out these issues and then show how to wrap them. The use of strncpy() would be an acceptable substitute here, as another user has pointed out, as it addresses the safety concern. ~ Stop encouraging new programmers to be afraid (blindly and without reason!) of their tools, and stop setting a bad example for being pigheaded and imprecise in the language of software development. Gah, that's horrible. :( Teaching people (especially in natural sciences!) to immediately disregard something, just to be safe, is not conducive to learning. Sure, at later levels, you can teach them the truth of things, but what if they don't get there? Then you have a bunch of people freaking out over incomplete information that they learned in school, and influencing dumb policies (e.g., hooplah about nuclear plants). So, just a gripe about your startup plug at the end of the article. Look, I don't care whether your product cures cancer, dispenses oral sexual favors, and mints pure gold dubloons-- I will not give you my email address without a damned good reason. Every single goddamn link on your page brings me to a "Enter your email here" prompt, except for the company tab, which brings me instead to a pile of vapid marketing bullshit. Flotype Inc. is a venture-backed company building a suite of enterprise technology for real-time messaging. Flotype takes a unique approach by building developer-friendly technologies focused on ease-of-use and simplicity, while still exceeding enterprise-grade performance expectations. Flotype licenses enterprise-grade middleware, Bridge, to customers ranging from social web and software enterprises to financial and fleet management groups. What does that even mean? You using carrier pidgins? Dwarves? Cyborgs? UDP? ZeroMQ? Smoke signals? You don't even tell me how my email is going to be used. Fix your shit. Thank you. :) If possible, at least have a dev writeup some use case or sample code or something we can see to get an idea of what Bridge does. Thanks! (My team's website is rather bad right now, but at least it has direct download links without asking for emails. I feel your pain on the web stuff, though, when you've got code to hack.) ^This kind of post clutters up discussions with metabullshit already accounted for by the karma system. More seriously,this is not a mere UX problem. This isn't a problem with colors not matching, with poor navigation, or with anything else. Absent any other information, this site appears to be a way of fishing for email addresses. That's the long and the short of it. I am not just a string to send messages to. I am not just a networking opportunity. I am not just an entry in your preferred database. I am a developer, and I don't like it when sites treat me otherwise. I thanked the author for his (very fast) response. I'm sorry about the tone of the post, but frankly we can't let this dehumanization and arrogance towards users (and worse in this case, fellow developers) slide. EDIT: Note also that, had he simply posted a good article (which it was!) without the shameless plug, I would've said nothing. If the plug had linked to a page that had anything other than email scraping, I wouldn't have complained. But the linked page was so offensive that it deserved calling out. Let this be a lesson for you startupy folks: don't cheapen a good thing with a bad plug. The fact that B can't make enough to make a living off of speeches implies to me that speeches might not actually be that valuable. Why do we need to make it so that B can make a living off of speeches? That's stupid. B has no more claim to make a living off of speeches than I do to make a living writing Python. The whole reason capitalism is supposed to work is that it properly allocates resources--and if speeches aren't actually worth enough to make a living on, maybe you should do something besides writing speeches. I generally am completely anti-copyright. My main argument goes like this: (lemma) All Evil and bad in the world is the result of scarcity. (lemma) Knowledge and experience are components of the Good (or at least not of the Evil). (fact) Knowledge can be duplicated for negligible cost with modern technology. (conclusion) Distribution of knowledge, being effectively free, is also part of the Good. (fact) Copyright limits distribution, increasing scarcity. (from above) Scarcity is the root of all Evil. Copyright increases scarcity. (conclusion) Copyright begets Evil. A bit Old-testament, mind you, but I really do believe this to be the case. You are absolutely correct in the idea that without copyright modern cinema (for example) wouldn't exist. The problem I have with your example of movies is that there are many assumptions being made that I don't think are reasonable: we don't "need" big-budget movies, society isn't automatically "better off" because of the movies, and the movies don't "need" to cost as much as they do. If movie production had to be paid for, up front, before being made and put to film, this would be fine. You would bet your ass that "Hollywood Accounting" would disappear, because the margins would be too slim to allow otherwise. You have a pile of money and expectations that you'll make a movie; if you don't pull it off, you are publicly shamed (thank you Internet!) and never able to raise a cent again. If you do pull it off, you got payed (you did factor in cost of your time in your budget quote, right?) and the people got their movie. If it's pirated it doesn't matter because it was already totally paid for. It's a wonderful thing. The Great Pyramids of Egypt and the Great Wall of China and the World archipelago in Dubai are all amazing achievements--but would you ever pay for them today with a straight face? For good measure: Consider the top 50 most expensive films of all time ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_most_expensive_films ), and then consider how much money they brought in. The entire system was a "valid allocation" because of copyright guaranteeing a return on investment, whereas otherwise it never would've gotten made ("So, you want me to pay you $20 so in 4 years I get to watch a movie about the Titanic?"). And now think about how many people in the US couldn't afford medical care. Or couldn't afford housing. Or couldn't eat healthily. Or couldn't afford education. This, while the very society and civilization they've ceded control of their lives to goes to great lengths to ensure the unequal distribution of goods and services! Goods and services that ought to be free to duplicate ! The whole thing is an embarrassment to our species. I don't mind for a damned second paying for a project, but I most certainly mind subsidizing thugs to beat a captive market while people are suffering. ~ I'm not against movies, art, music, literature, or whatever else. I just think that regulatory capture of modern copyright (and for that matter, patent) law is more trouble than its worth. At the end of the day, you do realize that the endgame of this all is not being able to tell another human being a story or sing them a song or show them a picture without paying a fee somehow? Copyright is enforcing the idea that that most noble of pursuits--sharing, alleviating that one great Evil of scarcity for your fellow man--is somehow wrong. It's disgusting. Doing something similar. Hit me back at the address in my profile, if you would. Under a society in which copyright is protected, I can freely choose to do that if I like. I can place my work in the public domain and relinquish any right to compensation for it. As you can do in a society without copyright--that is your personal decision. Copyright is not required for you to do what you will with your stuff. Or I can let others use it freely but only on if they meet some condition that I impose on it, such as giving me attribution. The point is that this is my decision. It isn't, though, as we've shown empirically by this point. You cannot stop--physically, legally, or morally--others from doing with your work as they will, provided it exists in a digital form. That genie, as they say, is long since out of the bottle. If copyright does not exist, though, I have no such rights and I have no such control. You already have next to no control! Your "rights" are anything but! In that case, anybody can use it, replicate it, seek to profit from it, claim it as his own, or whatever, all without my having any say whatever in that process. Why do you need a say? If it's information, it can be duplicated on their dime, and that is their decision. Why need you be involved? Moreover, why does it matter if it is claimed as their own? It will eventually be found out and publicized if it really matters--or maybe you and your work aren't important enough to merit society's collective memory. In such a system, anything created by anybody is simply common property. People can use it for good or for bad but I have no say in it. Yep, that's about the size of it. I may be the creator but that is beside the point. People like the author of this piece can simply saunter by and take it for whatever use the like. And isn't that a wonderful thing? That people can build on and reuse the work of those that came before them? That they can do so without fear of reprisal and instead devote that energy to innovation? Why are you afraid of such a communal future? Why are you afraid of the removing artificial scarcity? EDIT: Removed potentially inflammatory leader. Why is it that the folks defending copyright always pull out the "But then creators will take their balls and go home!" card? That's such a repugnant, faithless argument. Numerous examples exist of people creating in spite of the system--and even making a living doing the same! So, the entire issue for indie developers (of whose ranks I count myself a member) can be solved by not making a product until you confirm that it is wanted (i.e., pay me while I develop it, then do whatever). Alternately, you leave the creation of games (which have little to no lasting value) to be works of art, and let the artists and hobbyists make them for whatever living they can eke out. Entertainment as an industry, much less a secure one, is a silly idea. You can't live on PayPal donations Tell that to the guys from Wolfire, or Notch. I'm sure they'll want to know--they've been doing it for years, and would be upset to find out that they can't make a living that way. This whole anti-copyright argument sounds wonderful but the world isn't ready yet. Maybe in another 20 years. The answer isn't to get rid of copyright, the answer is to scale it back to a point where it's more sane. There is no magical time where the switch will be flipped and the world will embrace and move post copyright. Better we solve this--now--then wait until our infrastructure and freedoms are attacked. Before drastic measures such as breaking core parts of the interne--oh, huh, welp. There is no sane part to copyright. None. It's madness. It is saying that we must artificially introduce scarcity onto things that can be duplicated freely--that's mad! Allow me to clarify--thank you for your feedback. The rights we're talking about here are not able to be compared to physical property rights because there is no mutual exclusion of access. If somebody steals my physical property, I can't use it, therefore they've harmed me and limited my actions. For knowledge, IP, etc. they cannot limit my access or permission, so I do not need to be put up guards. My core argument, I guess, is this: There is no reason to have copyright because it is effectively unenforcable and because it has no real-world grounding. Moreover, it props up an economic model that fails in exposure to modern distribution methods. If the market evolves to not sustain AAA games, thems the breaks. I'm not following this argument. Both Wolfire and Mojang (Notch's company) sell games. They also provide free demos but their primary income comes from selling copyrighted works, not donations. So, to a point, they are effectively living off "donations" until they ship 1.0, right? Preorders are effectively donations to continue development. So, again, we start to dig into some very deep taboos here, right? Is it really that bad if somebody who needs a bed uses mine without permission while it lies unused, provided it isn't harmed and is returned to its initial condition? We're big about virtualization and the cloud and shared hosting, right? Why not consider something similar for worldly goods? It seems awfully inefficient, with 7 billion people, for everyone to have a unique, untouchable copy of everything. (upvoted for effort, thank you sir/madam) "There are competing interests between creators and consumers." This part I don't quite get--what do consider the rights in conflict? Obviously there is the difference in what creators want to be paid and what consumers want to save, but is there something beyond this you intend...? "When people argue about middle men screwing over artists and consumers we should be finding a way to either get rid of middle men or curb their power without totally obliterating copyright." The problem I see is that copyright is primarily used these days to benefit the middlemen, right? Indeed, copyright (by its very nature) is aimed solely at benefiting whoever is in charge of distribution--it's about the right to copy. As such, as technology attacks and removes middlemen, so too does it render obsolete the notion of copyright. If you empower consumers to handle their own distribution, the motivations for having copyright at all wither away and the legal machinery becomes vestigial. "A lot of the rhetoric surrounding this seems to be focused on copyright but what I see is an anti-business position." I am not qualified to speak on behalf of anyone claiming similar views. For my own part, though, it isn't about being anti-business--as Chesterson said: the problem isn't that there are too many capitalists; it's that there are too few. I believe that copyright creates a barrier to entry in information economies that is vastly outweighed by the progress that comes from being able to openly improve and distribute works. Moreover, I believe that it allows business models that would not be practical in a free market. I don't think we need to do away with business--I just believe that if you create IP you need to accept (as a given!) that you won't be able to control its dissemination, and model your business accordingly. If you can provide support for it in the wild, better then the other guy, it's a viable business (see Red Hat, Ardor Labs, etc.) If you can provide faster access and better UX for it, it's a viable business (see Steam, Netflix, etc.) If you can't do any of that, but can offer a sense of engagement with the community while polishing the software and get paid by donations/preorders, it's a viable business (see Minecraft, Overgrowth, etc.) Otherwise, you are literally building an entire business on scarcity the government provides and enforces. This doesn't strike me as sound. While I disagree with you right now and I think your position is a little extreme I have to say that the work of people like you will get us to a point where that switch may become a real possibility. I apologize that I'm so hardline on this, but I feel it the only rational position to take--tenable, perhaps not, but certainly the most rational. "So I'm interested to learn more but i think this position isn't just one position but part of a package deal that comes with an entire worldview that I don't understand." Thank you for keeping an open mind. :) I've been wrestling with this for a few years now in one way or another. My biggest suggestion is to start thinking about what is truly being sold, what value that truly has, and whether or not this system makes sense. Try to identify what makes that work, and who supports it, and how much excess exists along the way from the creator to the consumer. Gah. Wish I could downvote articles for being useless. Can we stop submitting these things? This article, without even touching on annoying design and style choices, is bad. It contributes nothing to the discussion of copyright. It is four paragraphs long, and devoid of useful thought. ~ It's short enough, let's tear through it: "over on hacker news, there are two articles in which the authors are justifying their decisions to pirate music and windows because their respective industries don't make it as easy to get hold of their content as the pirate bay does. as the first author argues "because you are not offering a good service" he is going to pirate his music and films from now on and "the time has come for you to fuck off", the second writes "i am not buying any more software" until microsoft "address the service problem that is causing piracy". " Okay, so, first paragraph is sloppy quoting of the articles mentioned this week at HN. The hackjob of quoting misses the flavor of the original articles, and skips some nuances. That would be fine--but it took the author an entire paragraph to sum up what could've been said in one line: "Here and here are two articles causing discussion about piracy on Hacker News." Done. Finished. Had they done that, I could've gotten through their miserable little post that much faster. " sorry what? yes, drm is broken. yes, copyright doesn't work very well. yes, pirating is easier. since when does that suddenly mean that you can decide that you are no longer going to pay for products that both legally and morally you are obliged to pay for, yet still use them? i am steering clear of the word 'steal' because many will argue that it is not 'stealing' under the strict definition of the word; the content creator still has the song, software etc. " The author says, in effect, "suck it up, stop pirating." The author does so with some hilarious painful-to-read phrasing. I'm not asking for art, mind you, in all posts--I just prefer that the written word (especially when submitted to HN!) have something behind it more than mallspeak. In addition to being worded like a petulant teenager angry about missing the last ship to the Pirate Bay, the author claims that there is a moral obligation to pay for material, but doesn't explain what that obligation is or from what it derives. The author doesn't so much assail the idea of piracy as show a sort of slow-witted wonder that you can get copies of things without buying them. Drooling into the keyboard and blinking, it slowly dawns on the imbecile that people can do this. The author comes dangerously close to diverging onto a useful thought about the nature of stealing and how it applies to copyright infringement, but then manages at the last minute to pull ignorance from the jaws of victory and flits off to the next paragraph. " if you want to protest the crappy way these companies treat their customers, don't buy their stuff. but you can't have your cake and eat it. protest by not using or having it at all. they have something you want; even if you don't agree with their methods, it is still theirs to decide what to do with. all you are doing is supporting the industry in their drive to stamp out pirates; instead, support legal ways of obtaining this content through spotify and others. " The author makes several assertions again here: companies treat their customers badly, piracy isn't effective, piracy somehow supports the industry, companies can decide what they can do with their IP unconditionally, etc. This is talking-point vomit, a pile of mealy-mouthed and poorly-articulated sayings lacking backing or explanation. This contributes nothing to the conversation, and serves only to underscore the intellectual laziness of the author. These claims are all very interesting and exciting to debate, mind you, but that requires an attention span and maturity that the author seems to simply not have. " if there is no legal way for you to enjoy it, unfortunate though it is, tough. write to them. email them. call them to protest. but don't decide to take the law into your own hands...it's not your decision. " At last, sweet release! The author has finished the article with a stunted attempt at encouraging protest, and yet again manages to miss a wonderful opportunity to consider the role of piracy as peaceful protest. The author also makes some baseless assertions without provided reasoning in regards to "taking the law into your own hands" and its desirability--again, an interesting philosophical starting point lost on the moron penning the paragraph. ~ Look, I'm not going to launch into crazy copyright and anti-copyright discussion here, but for fuck's sake can we start posting articles on this topic that try to display critical thought? This is insulting. The system works! :) You got documentation to start from? Lucky bugger. Please provide your reasoning for your assertion in (1). You did not explain why you "need" government of presumably central authority, as opposed to something like an agreed-upon set of protocols operating at a local level. Please also explain your reasoning for (2). It does not seem immediately obvious that the majority of the public has anything useful to say about policy whatsoever. (upvoted for good answer, thank you sir/madam) I would agree that government through some mechanism is needed--thank you for clarifying your position in that regard. Note, though, that some of your examples--Google's management, OS complexity, and so on--are actually very much contested in some circles. People accept that their OS of choice may be bloated, but few I believe want that. There's an interesting question present, though, in the "running the affairs of 300 million people", right? To what degree does the government actually "run" those affairs, and ought the government do so? As regards to the Chicago thing--that sucks, good luck. :( This is so spot-on, for Hollywood today and everyone else. Speaking as a developer, there is so much here that speaks to the startup scene: Build a place that attracts good talent. Develop your in-house talent. Take risks intelligently. Don't try to be the next big blockbuster product--do smaller projects and nail them; if you screw up, get up and try again. Don't get distracted with things that don't matter, and don't try to compete with other people doing insane things. There is so much wrong with the AAA games industry, with the web dev world, with Hollywood and the RIAA and everyone else--reading this memo was a wonderful assurance that somewhere, at some time, somebody else saw issues that we all face today and tried to do something about it. Having read the ruling, and at least acknowledged the judge's reasoning... Does it strike anyone else here as...I don't know, odd ...that a court ruling of potentially huge influence came about due to a squabble over images on postcards and tea boxes? Postcards and tea boxes. What the hell kind of government and civilization have we settled on that allows such a petty dispute to potentially hose an entire industry? Any code with such obscure coupling would be refactored without a second thought if possible. Please clarify on your "selfish" remark. Thanks! pg: Is this the trailer for the HackerNews movie? A great many of us actually do get annoyed at that behavior, and do get annoyed at lobbying. EDIT: Removed inflammatory remark. So, if they switch to (say) a full BSD-licensed stack, what is the problem? They can use it for whatever, modify the code for whatever, and there shouldn't be any problems. Why is this a bad thing, other than that it weakens the importance of the GPL? Ah, so, that's kind of a dick move. Thanks for the explanation! Not sure why you're getting downvoted--would people treat a post about YouTube the same? It's even an interesting technical acheivment. Probably not... closed a Series A yet? Did anyone else get annoyed by the use of the word "analyzation"? "Analysis" is the word that should've been used. (this is almost as painful a turn-of-phrase as "physicalization") This idea that somehow one can fit any interaction with hardware into a filesystem ends when hardware becomes complex enough to simply NOT fit (like modern GPU). The idea that one can fit any interaction with hardware into the mere toggling of registers and stuffing of byte buffers... I don't know what FS you're using, but any good modern filesystem (say, ZFS or something similar) should prove more than adequate for handling that many/that size nodes. Everything else can probably be fixed in the kernel level--for example, duplicating the hardware directory prior to tar'ing it, and have the kernel/FS note what actions to do to guarantee atomicity. I mean, we do the same thing with sharing /dev/dsp anyways (I believe daemons can be set up to handles this), so what's the deal? Each program sees its own copy of /dev/dsp. Behind the scenes, that copy is backed by some magic on the OS's part that handles state tracking, mixing, etc. The program only ever sees a dumb bit bucket with some flags on how to handle it--that's why we have OSs, after all: to avoid having to write hardware driver code for all our programs (see the bad old days of DOS game programming). The program still needs to manage sound mixing in userland to fill that buffer. That's nothing new, however, and you can use PortAudio, FMOD, XACT, whatever to do that mixing for you, or roll your own. This abstraction would greatly simplify that process. So, just to fan the flames a bit... About half of his points are general gripes about software development, regardless of language(s): license infections, learning new languages, writing languages with the wrong idioms, runtime versioning issues, wah wah wah this all reads like somebody throwing up arguments just to try and distract readers. His complaint (read:strawman) about interoperability and performance is really misleading. His 'Compatibility' section is not unfair, but all of those problems are faced by programmers dealing with system libraries anyways . Tell me more about the C++ bindings to C libraries and how they are never used in production. His complaint about 'Performance' is similar FUD. Jesus, dude--if you agree on a calling convention, I can probably get my Brainfuck program to compile and interop with your C library. The computer really doesn't give two shits what language caused the stack pointer to move--it doesn't matter. This isn't a valid complaint. His lambda is dumb. He didn't do anything there that couldn't have been done with a function pointer, C-style. If he was trying to show why C++11 lambdas are cool, he failed. (and his code looked like garbage, as others here have mentioned... elegant my ass. No comments, ugly use of operators, namespacing--beautiful C++ this ain't.) EDIT: Found this, same author I think ( http://nerds-central.blogspot.com/2012/01/sql-failed-experim... ). SQL is a distraction--quick, somebody warn Oracle that they'll be out of business! Maybe the poor person is just getting lonely in that ivory tower? I'd like to see a site where there is an actual consciousness that not everyone is living in the United States of America. Well, if our lobbyists do their jobs properly, mere accidents of geography will not keep you out of the fold. :) Moreover, sorry dude, the tech war is over and we won. We've got better funding, better language, better regulations, and better spirit--and sadly, not a lot else. EDIT: (and yes, not seeing stories about services that can be used outside of the US is unfortunate--agreed. Submit more and upvote!) So, if you already speak the language, why not use your larger demographic to promote more relevant articles here on HN? We benefit from having another perspective represented here more than we do from having it shown in some other far-flung echochamber on the web. Or is the idea of melting pot a bit much for you old country folks? :) That's cool and all, but these folks are hardly Picasso, and the art in question could've been trivially generated by picking a few words at random from a database and adding color. Don't treat this like a masterpiece. So, are you a good designer, or one who's work has never been used by others? yay im a commodity gotta catch'em all zuck I would be curious to know which service that is, and what boxen they run, and what company made those boxen. In hindsight I realize that probably just opened the door to a pissing match over whose contributions to software/computing/startup culture is greater, but I think that would be an interesting conversation to have here. EDIT: To get the ball rolling, we've got Matsumoto : Ruby : Japan Ericsson: Erlang : Sweden Torvalds : Linux : Finland I think getting the articles up there would at least give us a chance to see something we might not otherwise see--say, a German startup innovating in ticketing or something. As for the melting pot, was a bit of a joke--the perception here is commonly that the US is a big diverse thingy whereas Europe, while diverse, is mostly diverse in terms of the amount of Europeans it has. :) ...and if there are no sides to take, it hardly matters whether or not the startup news on HN happens to be mostly in the geographic bounds of an upstart colony of the British Empire, now does it? And if that is the case, if we are indeed this sisterhood/brotherhood without nation or creed other than the desire to do work, surely it makes more sense that we address underrepresentation in our community here instead of balkanizing across the net? And the US has several of its own. Hardware: MIPS, x86, SPARC, Motorola 68* (and the attendant Apple product lines [1,2,Mac, etc.]), DTMF phones (and thus modems), the transistor (though some very preliminary work was done in Canada and Germany, Bell Labs and TI brought them to manufacture), Ethernet, packet-switched networks, touch and light-pen interfaces, etc. Software: 3D graphics, functional programming (LISP et al), node.js, JavaScript, C, C++, Java, jquery, Unix, Plan 9, Windows (lol), BSD everything (sockets, operating system, license), modern information theory (thanks Shannon!), BitTorrent, etc. Culture: GNU, EFF, FSF, copyleft, etc. Or maybe it's more important to help your fellow programmers than worry about stupid legal shit? Upvoted, as you do have a valid point. I also tend to agree about the influence of individuals, though one could argue that the US spending on defense is, in great part, the driving factor for the technology that got us here. I personally think it's a bit more than funding though--for lack of a better way of putting it, the feeling of opportunity and independence is what provides a fertile ground for starting a business. We commonly have room for people arguing and making idiots of themselves, for going against the grain, for dropping out and trying to achieve great things. There's still a sort of individualism in parts of the US that I believe makes doing business and work here great. (honest question) Is there such great tolerance of nonconformity elsewhere? I've heard distressing things about parts of Europe and Asia in this regard (Japan, for example, apparently does not support the sort of ecosystem we do due to societal expectations of young folks). I dislike painting in broad strokes, but the topic seems to lend itself to that. I'm not inclined to disagree with you that the situation in the US is far from ideal in a lot of regards, but my personal experience (started a company [tanked] at 19, just closed accounts with my state and did tax paperwork, no repercussions, about to try again) tells me that regulations here are only somewhat of a burden, and the really bad ones are seen across the world soon enough to prevent us being disadvantaged. US copyright and patent law, SOPA, etc. could be disasterous for us--but via things like ACTA and the like, you can bet your ass we'll drag you down with us. :) As for the funding and language--proclaiming that you too use US venture capital and the English language really is more a testament to American soft power than anything else. ( of course, my good sir or madam! :) clearly the best things--modern internet for example--are the result of collaboration without regard to nation of origin ) Well, to be fair, let us also count things the US did wrong: C++ | Bell Labs | USA XML | IBM | USA UML | IBM | USA SOAP | Microsoft | USA IE6 | Microsoft | USA GPL | Stallman | USA Visual Basic | Microsoft | USA gcc | Stallman | USA CORBA | Object Management Group | USA I really do hope I'm wrong, but I'm fairly sure that you can't do that. EDIT: First section here ( http://www.iusmentis.com/patents/crashcourse/rights/ ). So, I noticed that something like half or so of the projects here are C++. Depending on the codebase (and what bits of the language it uses), you may be in for a real treat. Especially given the fact that this is your first exposure to the language, I would be unsurprised if you end up introducing new, fun bugs into the codebase. Godspeed! (and don't worry about said bugs--this is a chance to learn, so make the most of it! Somebody else will more than likely be able to clean up any missteps. :) ) With the photo in their possession, they may crawl it sometime in the future and extract (via computer vision, facial recognition tech, whatever) further information about the person, their friends in the photo, etc. if they hadn't done it already. They may mine the metadata in the image itself for camera GPS position, etc. There is still very much value in these photos, and a great chunk of it can be unnervingly personal. tell me more about string processing arbitrary command lines pops Man, and those kids sure turned out badly, only doing things like modern computing and Moon landings. Poor stunted unfulfilled beings! ...that's what tagged releases are for? Push code into production, put that version into a tag, and do development on mainline? I'm not saying that Matlab, Maple, and LaTeX have the whole "How do we represent numbers to computers well?" thing down, but we sort of do. A simple subset of LaTeX for use in classrooms could be useful (something like MathML or the like). "Pseudocode would actually be the best way to transmit this image ." I wholeheartedly agree. A graphics routine or a LOGO program would do a great job of describing that. The author seems to have an irrational dislike of people trying to use computers in this fashion, which I find strange. I certainly agree that something like a geometric proof (in absence of a good modeling language) is difficult to automatically check, but at the same time I question whether or not the human element would be any more useful here. Math teachers, especially at lower levels, are not infallible. I would almost venture that a better test, one that examines both critical thinking and ability to logic about a problem, would be a battery of small programming problems to solve some kind of geometric or graphical challenge. It's a bit all-or-nothing, but it would show that the student can both interpret a problem and also describe the steps to solving it. One could make the argument that any mathematical syntax is equally confusing for the novice--so why not start them on something they'll be using later anyways? I think we presume a great deal in suggesting that a simple flat array of characters and operators is somehow less understandable than a nicely typeset equation (especially when you've never written one before!). Right, but let's be honest with ourselves here. These aren't fathers out fighting fires, these aren't fathers out fighting wars, these aren't fathers healing. These are fathers who "sacrifice" their family years so that they can "increase stakeholder value" to the tune of 60+ hours a week. I don't want my kids to grow up thinking that their job in life is to increase the value of their VCs' portfolio by a couple of points prior to being liquidated. Get stuffed. EDIT: See also ( http://www.jwz.org/blog/2011/11/watch-a-vc-use-my-name-to-se... ) So, the answer would be to never scrap features (that's why you did proper design beforehand, right?). That said, it seems you are suggesting that the workflow should be centered around rolling back features rather than commits? That being the case, if your feature spans multiple commits, then indeed you have something there. If your feature does not, branching probably isn't needed. Thank you for your input--I'm just a bit hardline on this topic as there seems (to me) to be far too much of an exploitative undercurrent to a lot of the public rhetoric about working in the tech world. There is only so much respect to be accorded to someone advocating the waste of prime years. (and all that said, again, point taken.) Anonymous: The militant wing of the FSF? "Ve vill free all ze codes! Open zource everyzing!" In all seriousness, though, this is not helping the community or fellow anons. They opened the source to the world, did they not? (yes, yes, I know the difference, but in the right light this is funny, no? Releasing the source code has gone beyond mere piracy to active liberation!) Well, now that we've got your side of it, somebody else chiming in: http://esr.ibiblio.org/?p=2122 and http://esr.ibiblio.org/?p=3567 :) So, kind of like the GPLv3 or AGPLv3? You raise two main themes here: NASA/space travel has grown into a Byzantine set of rules, and also that it is an accepted cost of doing business that you'll lose lives. Do you believe that we'd be better served by simpler (but potentially much more dangerous) craft flown by private industry? If not, why is the NASA approach better, seeing as how it is mired in both politic from without and bureaucracy/process from within? Agreed. Hell, even 20-50% safety isn't necessarily a productive strategy, if you pay too much for it. I think the main trick is to reduce the unit cost/training investment in astronauts so that we can send up more, and making very cheap vehicles to get them there, so that we'll not have to worry about losing a big investment when (not if) something goes wrong. Putting hundreds of millions of trained meat into billions of dollars worth of aerospace tech is not sustainable. If it would get me to the moon with a 1 in 3 chance, hell, give me a banana and call me Albert VII. So, you do realize that the information is free to duplicate, right? And that there is no way of ensuring you get paid for rent on a resource you can't control the duplication of--at least without causing massive headaches for everyone else? Dude, sell tickets to shows, sell merch at shows, don't perform unless paid before hand. If all else fails, consider that maybe you don't have a product worth buying, and then improve or leave. Spoken like someone who probably has never had to deal with vendor extensions to OpenGL... :( Try to fix your standards body and get them to move faster! "It's small, independent businesses and artists who shape, have shaped, and will always shape the world that you live." General Electric, Du Pont, Mobil, AT&T, Sun, Oracle, Microsoft, and Google certainly have been overshadowed by the powerful snowflakes of the world! "End-users are technically restricted from installing a different OS (or OS version) on a device or extending the OS, so this is generally not possible, and rarely supported by the device maker. " and "We architected our approach to ensure that software and peripherals can all benefit from the diversity enabled by the ARM architecture, along with the choice of form factors and manufacturers, and the openness of the platform." seem to be in conflict. How is my being unable to install an OS a good thing? These comments (along with later mention of UEFI and some other things) cause me some discomfort. Well, looks like Apple won the hearts and minds of consumers--we now are looking at a future with much greater integration of software and hardware and much less freedom. Thanks folks. EDIT: To clear up potential confusion, I'm not saying that what Apple did was not good business or that their success was totally bad--I merely am pointing out that the tight UX pushed by that company (and then aped to varying degrees by others) has out of necessity driven things in this direction. EDIT2: "In fact, WOA only supports running code that has been distributed through Windows Update along with the full spectrum of Windows Store applications." Oh goody. I was going to feel bad for the person, but then I tried to use their site and wasn't even able to get to an "About" page without needing to give up my email address. I literally have no idea what the author makes other than a simple sentence at the end of their post. To the author: Keep up the good work, kid. Starting a business is rough, and sometimes you strike out right out of the gate--happened to my first company. Get up, dust off, and keep going--and don't waste your time or ours by bringing up your age, because it doesn't matter. Particularly amusing is that, at least in the case of Anonymous, the anarchistic end state of the graphic novel is fairly closely mirrored. Further along these lines: http://the-witness.net/news/2011/06/how-to-program-independe... (around 10-12 minutes in starts talking about algorithms in production) Johnathon Blow (semi-famous indie dev) talking about when data-structures and algorithms really matter. I tend to agree with this--a bad (suboptimal but functioning) algorithm now is better than a perfect algorithm later, and when you need to ship you should write the code that gets things done. "No, it's not FREE to duplicate." cp ShohamsGreatestFlames.txt ShohamsGreatestFlames2.txt Man, that was really really cheap. Free even. "It costs money to duplicate and distribute licensed copies of other people's work." Notice that I didn't say anything about licensed copies of other people's work. Duplication--the raw act as shown above--of digital data is effectively free. Your profits derive from your ability to control the scarcity of your product, right? If a publisher licensed your music and stood next to you at your shows handing out your album for free, you'd be boned, right? The fact here is that these people can and will make duplicates of your work, and there is nothing you can do to stop them. It's not costing them enough not to, and anything you do to increase that cost--pushing for rediculous prison terms, making blank CDs have a big tax, forcing ISPs to limit service, etc.--hurts society far more than your loss hurts you. "And it's not information, it's art." To my capture card in the studio, to my sound board mixing analog signals, to my microphone receiving vibrations in the air, reading a phonebook and playing a song are functionally equivalent. To the hard disk, the bytes look the same. Metadata about "art" or "not art" is lost in the medium. There may be a great philosophical difference between art and information, there may be a moral difference about how one ought be treated as opposed to the other--but there is no practical difference, and getting paid is about getting practical. You're welcome, and no worries. :) Hey, why not launch now? You've already waited this long, and you've got HN's attention. You aren't going to do any harm you can't fix with good customer support in the next few weeks. Agreed, barring a sudden resurgence in the use of COBOL. For anyone interested, the book "Dreaming in Code" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dreaming_in_Code ) had this sort of idea as a central thread--one of the main failures of the Chandler project seemed to be that, armed with adequate funding, development lost track of reality and sprawled into some degree of failure. Contrast with, say, "Masters of Doom" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Masters_of_Doom ) where the early id software team was so pressed for cash that they would "borrow" their employer's workstations during evenings to write their code. That's what I would consider "scrappy". there is an easy way to fix this you know (the easy way is to find a job in a cool place) (hth) The Wikipedia editors now have a job that is identical to academic peer-review. I don't think that should be their job. Then why have editors? God forbid that, if you take on the mantle of vetting articles, you actually exert some intellectual effort . It's not a strictly flat hierarchy, though, is it? And so not every user has equal power, right? I'm not completely versed in the Byzantine system of Wikipedia, but the whole thing is based (somehow) on seniority, right? It would seem, then, that the system would self-select for people who spend more time on Wikipedia than doing useful research, right? Wikipedia would seem like a great place for original research, right? It's trivial to get people to check over claims, and you have a place to discuss issues (Talk pages), and the person doing the research can cite their references right there and get called out on it if they don't. It is indeed very annoying for experts to contribute to Wikipedia. They probably shouldn't. Er, you realize how poorly this reads to the uninitiated, right? The true waste would be taking valuable research and synthesize and hiding it in an encyclopedia. It's not like it wouldn't be available elsewhere, right? It goes research -> authorship of secondary source (journal article, book, magazine article, whatever) -> citation in encyclopedia. Conventionally, sure, but Wikipedia would seem to offer an opportunity to fix the shortcomings with that system. Why do you care so much about secondary sources? Because they're vetted. Why is that important? Because primary sources can be taken out of context, because people can't parse them out correctly, etc. I would submit that both of those things are no longer safe assumptions. Secondary sources can be fabricated whole-cloth and appear legitimate (entire industries, such as some branches of SEO, do exactly this) when they are not, and can even cite Wikipedia themselves. So, secondary sources aren't these bastions of truth that they seem to be. The idea that primary sources aren't usable to the populace is also old. It's trivial these days for a user (who cares even the tiniest amount) to run a search and contextualize a source. If Crazy Eddie's Account of the Haymarket Riot is, after a fast search, the only one that has Xenu interfering then maybe it's not a credible account, yeah? Moreover, having so many eyes seeing the same citations and clicking through them increases the likelihood that somebody who actually does have expertise in the matter can comment usefully. If you can't trust the great unwashed masses to search out the truth of things given primary sources, why do you think giving them prechewed knowledge is any better? Experts shouldn't want to write encyclopedias. That's presuming a great deal, don't you think? Besides, the format of Wikipedia isn't so much that an expert would need to write an entire encyclopedia as it is that they can contribute their knowledge of a tiny slice of the domain to an article. Don't get so bogged down in the definition of encyclopedia--hell, almost all of those are printed on paper or optical media, so I guess Wikipedia isn't an encyclopedia either , and so we shouldn't limit ourselves. So, I think I see the root of our disagreement here. I'm not proposing that encyclopedias writ large could/should/would do this--I propose that Wikipedia specifically do this. I claim that Wikipedia is considered an encyclopedia as that is the closest idea in mainstream use of what it is--and that now it's time to evolve further to better human understanding. There's no ambition--to use phrenology's phrasing--in doing anything less. Answered elsewhere--let's try to consolidate our discussion. So, yes, these are amazing times, Wikipedia is impressive, all glory to the hypnotoad, etc. Not arguing that. There is no reason to go to all the effort of forking Wikipedia just to prove a point, and asking me to do so is absurd. Let's ignore hosting. Let's ignore bandwidth. Let's ignore the amount of time it would take to duplicate that information. Let's ignore several "easy" (read: inconvenient to your argument that "you can just magically fork the datas!") issues I would encounter pursuing your suggested course of action. From a practical standpoint, Wikipedia has become the place where normal people get information. It is the cache of human knowledge that is first hit when somebody wants to learn something new. I'm not talking about where you turn, or where I turn--I'm talking about Joe Blow. It seems to consistently be in the top few results for any search on a topic. Ignore the encyclopedia bit. Ignore what it claims to be. Ignore even what it is . Pay attention to how it is used . The de facto use of Wikipedia goes something like: 1. Person wants to know about concept X. 2. Person searches for X, probably gets a Wikipedia article. 3. Person reads article on X on Wikipedia. So, it would seem that currently Wikipedia's use is to provide knowledge about X. The end user doesn't give two shits about the process that put that information there; or how reliable it is; or whether it is sourced primarily, secondarily, or made up entirely. The end user just wants knowledge. So, either one believes that Wikipedia has perfected the accomplishment of that mission (in which case I think you are obviously wrong), or one believes that Wikipedia has the capacity to be improved to meet that goal. Are you going to take a hard line that Wikipedia is perfect in its accomplishment of its de facto use case? Are you going to argue that good is good enough? EDIT: I'm not going to launch into how wasteful it would be to split up mindspace/SEOspace by creating another wiki. Suffice it to say that a mree policy change on Wikipedia could accomplish all this, while in the forking case you'd have all those "easy" problems to solve, plus promotion to get people (and lots of them!) involved, plus making sure people don't just default to Wikipedia anyways, etc. That would have been hilariously satisfying. "Sure, we'll shut down DFW and IAH. Your move." Would be interesting to see know if there is special-case code in the Googles for that reason--I'm as sure we'll never know as I am that it is the case. Anyways, would you mind elaborating on your disagreement? I'm pretty sure it's a fundamental difference in views that we'll have to agree to disagree on, but I'd like to know if you find my reasoning suspect. Thanks! (as for the crazy: I don't mind being unpopular, provided I can justify my position--that's why good discussion [as we've had here] is so helpful.) To clear up any confusion, I have nothing against encyclopedias. I have a fairly old copy of the Britannica on a bookshelf back home, and I used to love reading through them when I was younger. Again, my issue isn't with encyclopedias --it is with the waste of potential for what Wikipedia has become. Whose fault? SEGFAULT If something goes wonky and it hits a lamppost, SIGPOLL? The assumption underlying this whole article is that you don't "need" Office to do work. That somehow iStuff will fill in your missing productivity suite. This just isn't backed by reality. In an office setting (I'm not saying enterprise, as that would be asking too much), you make use of a word processor, a spreadsheet, maybe an email client, maybe a presentation thing. Is there honestly any real competition in that field from tablets and iStuff and the like? No. Those are content-consumption devices, occasionally branching out into cutesy creation. There's nothing wrong with that, mind you, but work is done on a desktop, where you need to do a lot of typing and clicking. The interface is simply better for that. Moreover, Microsoft Office has pretty much nailed its niche: I challenge you to find a better office suite. Here's what you'll have to do: 1. Find me an office suite that works out-of-the-box. 2. Find me an office suite that does everything (email, database (Access lol), word processing, spreadsheet, simple programming, presentations) for a flat fee. 3. Find me an office suite that does (2) fairly well. 4. Find me an office suite that does (2) that interops basically seamlessly across other businesses and old versions of my own business. There's some nifty stuff on the net as thin clients running in HTML5. There's some cool stuff happening in tablets. But the author is sorely mistaken in presuming that the world has somehow moved past Office. EDIT: And yes, I've tried Google Docs and OpenOffice and WordPerfect and all these things--but for raw "get the bidness done" Office is pretty much it. EDIT2: And Word's spellchecker could've saved me. >:( Here's the thing, though. Tablets won't replace the desktop/laptop. Augment, sure, but they aren't going to kill them off, especially in the workplace. They're different devices with different functions--it's like saying that the microwave will kill off the oven. Google Docs is great for consumption, sure, but for creation it's so-so (especially compared with better, dedicated tools), and there's no guarantee it won't be sunsetted when it ceases to help funnel meat into Google's advertising maw. So, wikis are cool and all (and we use them extensively at our startup), but let's not pretend businesses are going to roll them out. They require a server, and getting your IT department to set that up is nontrivial unless you are super tiny. I've worked in places that, being that tiny, still refused to setup something that helpful. As for email--yes, there are hundreds of alternatives, but somehow we keep coming back to email, and when we need to guarantee that somebody else can communicate with us, that's what we use. I've had Skype updates break. I've had Google Chat randomly disappear or be inaccessible. I've had AIM clients (of many varieties) die on me. Email, barring the normal issues you see with it, is always there. I'm not going to lie--if I could get a job where I flopped out on beanbags and did all my work on a tablet, that'd be pretty nifty. I just don't see using a tablet for content creation and having to sit at a normal desk. It's not just some, though, is it? I don't think that it would be a terrific stretch to say that any business outside of programming/webdev/design/etc with greater than 90% certainty uses Office. Hell, a few years ago on one of my professional engineering exams I had a section devoted to macros in Excel. Just because we know of and use other tools doesn't make our experience the norm. (and for what it's worth, I do my note-taking on gmail, my typesetting in latex, my math in octave, and my presentations in libreoffice...and still use Office at work because--hey, guess what--that's what I know is the common denominator for everyone) "Please stop repeating the 'mobile devices are just for content consumption' meme. It's bullshit." Judging by the number and sales and downloads of both the Apple app store ( http://www.apple.com/iphone/from-the-app-store/ ) and the Anroid Market ( https://market.android.com/apps ), I would say you are somewhat out of touch. EDIT: Also, you'll note that from your own posted link the author had to get a wireless keyboard. There was nothing he accomplished there that couldn't have been done just as well (and possibly more cheaply) using a netbook. I think you give too much credit to the reps. This is speculation, but I would be unsurprised if China and Russia (the current bogeymen) are able to buy votes from other countries using other tactics. The Great and Glorious Nation of Trashcanistan supports freedoom for her citizens...but she also supports access to cheap oil and rare earths. As much as everyone might bitch about the missteps in US management of things, we've done a (mostly) excellent job--for example, I don't think that the EU would have anything useful to say about allowing hate speech on the 'net, while we tend to allow that sort of thing. Do you pay taxes? Do you use the police when you have trouble? Are you armed with modern weapons? If you support the government, and have also given them a monopoly of force, you are explicitly supporting a social contract you seem to detest. EDIT: Come now, why the downvotes? I'm not saying they are correct or not--I'm merely pointing out that it is somewhat contradictory to both call for revolution/anarchy and yet still de facto support the government. EDIT2: Moreover, the final part of the parent explicitly says " ...cannot shove us around however they wish. " They very much can, as we have all given our respective governments reasonable monopoly on force in exchange for whatever it is they do that benefits us. Complaining about that while at the same time being a disarmed taxpayer is akin to complaining about the rain while leaving your umbrella indoors. I really hate to say it, but I would agree. Either Canonical has a sense of humor, or they need to think about how their users interpret their interfaces more. You ever tried to use cmake without it shitting the bed in some way? We're a ways off. I mean, do we really want to support synthesis of other people's work as something that can be protected legally? Especially when most development nowadays is clicking cogs together anyways? This doesn't seem like a meme we should seek to perpetuate. Not entirely unfair, actually. I agree with both of your examples, but the post being responded to involved the replacement of programmers. Until we can come up with a conveniently numeric way of specifying, analyzing, and solving computational problems in the general case, I don't think I need to fear being replaced. Now, a lot of modern webdev, on the other hand... nextBigThing = WebBizFactory.createNewSite(ecommerceSingelton.getInstance().createNewMerchantAccount(), socialMediaFlywheel.getInstance().createSocialAdaptor(SocialAdapter.TWITTER), AWS.getInstance().getKVStoreFlavorOfWeek()); They're doing fine these days! (we got Hiroshima and Nagasaki, they got Detroit and Pittsburgh... fair trade) Here, let's grep and replace: "The dirty little secret that I don’t mind saying is that mechanical engineering isn’t hard. There’s lots of handbooks, manuals, blog entries and Stack Overflow Q&A pages out there that very clearly describe how to work with any stress equation or tool. Follow it step by step and you are a mechanical engineer." This is pretty common in professional engineering--most bridge/pressure vessel/structural engineering is done by effectively filling in the blanks on worksheets and following thick handbooks of best practices. Are they too worth your contempt? Self-respect doesn't enter into it-- computer science might be hard, mathematics might be hard, clever low-level or very abstract programming might be hard...but software development? Especially as practiced nowadays with the toolsets and parts we are encouraged (nay, expected!) to use? No, software development need not be any harder than any other form of white-collar engineering. The problem here is that in things like chemical or structural engineering, you generally don't just bodge together things by first principles. In fact, there is a great deal of liability on the line--so much so, for example, that the guild (for what else is something like the ASME, really?) has decided "Here are the equations by which we design pressure vessels. Plug in your material--from this table of guaranteed grades and empirical data--and your dimensions, and lo, here's what you should spec." As wonderful as it is to derive these things from equations and first principles, and as satisfying as it is to do so, do you really want to stake your career on your own from-scratch solution to a CFD problem? Or on the exact solver that you used to solve those PDEs? Or on your "hunch" as for which forces were truly at play? Or do you want to follow the guidelines in Shigley's, Roark's, ASME codebooks, NACA airfoil reference, etc., and be able to more easily pass through a forensic engineering post-mortem? Electrical engineering and computer science may not have had the same checkered history as some of the more established disciplines, but that doesn't mean you can't learn something from their rigor. Firstly: A designer is allowed to come up with whatever they want. An engineer is subject to constraints, most notably: does it work, is it safe, and is it cheap. That last value does not always mean money--what is the cost if the design goes wrong, or if others have to maintain it, and so forth. This is the popular notion of "engineering": that a stoic engineer sits down, sliderule or vim in the one hand and coffeepot in the other, and sits up into the wee hours of the night scrawling schematics onto a sheet of paper or typing into a VT101, only to go pound rivets or machine code the following morning with only the aid of his throbbing turgid member--this is absurd! Secondly: In your case, for an engine, I would ask for details about the weight, cost, power output, speed, time, maintenance lifecycle, and predicted loadings of the engine. Then, I would sit down and blackbox the inputs and outputs. Then, I would go and figure out mechanisms to accomplish each box. Then, I would look up the values for those materials--honestly, do you expect me to come up with the vibration amplitude of a forged 316 stainless shaft of x length and y rpm myself? You don't want me to not use tables for that! Those things--the "engineering"--done, I'd get to the actual "design" work: how do I shape these mechanisms, how do I get them to fit in a box in the size we decided on, etc. To hold you to your own standard: Would you write your own web stack? Okay, would you write your own protocol? Your own compiler? Linker? OS? Hardware? We stand on the shoulders of giants--I am no less an engineer for using reference tables and formula than you are for using Redis/Rails/libc/Ruby/Python/etc. The lack of invention? That's the sign of maturity. And it's never the same half of the mistakes, is it? :( That's the thing that annoys me about software engineering--it's impressive that it works at all , and that isn't a good sort of impressed. I use MDR-V6s at work. Probably the best money I've spent. The cord is really long (so, not hard to route around equipment), the build quality is great, they have good isolation, and the frequency response (especially towards the lower end--important for the electronic stuff I listen to to sound right) is superb. I can wear them--comfortably--for six-eight hours at a stretch. The problem here is that the local government is being too inflexible--that's not to say, however, that a higher-level one would be any better. I assure you, the problems in getting a federal change of policy--were it necessary--are far in excess of figuring out a city. If the market really cared enough, they could likely sway the local government. If the product was good enough to justify that, then it would likely happen. Any failings thus probably stem from some mismatch in market and product. Care to provide more detail? "Outdated thinking" might mean NIMBY nuke plant aversion, or it might mean infant cannibalism--without providing more information we have no idea what you're talking about. "Writing a basic kernel (and this one doesn't even have virtual memory or preemptive multitasking) and a basic compiler are both common projects for CS undergrads." Did you notice the part where he also runs goofy JIT/linking, or has annotated source code with pictures and compiler for same, and that the virtual memory/preemptive multitasking was explicitly omitted? Or several other nifty/quirky features of the OS? ( http://www.losethos.com/LTHtml/Doc/Features.html ) He's done work that any of us should respect as fellow programmers, crazy or not. Also, his source comments are...colorful in some cases. :) nobody can use gimp what are you even saying Come to Texas. We have cheap cost of living and baller-as-hell problems to work on, whether you want games or graphics or oil & gas. So, looking over at Houston there are all kinds of crazy datasets for both energy exploitation and energy trading. There's a thriving if quiet startup community, and a local private university of some note in applied math (Rice). It's pretty unpretentious, but that's the city--we are all about the bidness. Besides, it's a chance to crunch numbers for something other than selling ads and cat pictures. :) Do we have any Apple alumni here to give feedback on how this process works, in practice? It reads--and maybe just to me--as a work environment as miserable as it is decadent. The amount of cross-pollination between good engineers doesn't seem that large, due to secrecy measures. The knowledge that your project could be killed off on a whim, and that you couldn't talk about it--this makes even some of the gaming sweatshops look downright friendly in comparison. (EDIT: Don't just downvote, use your words. How is the environment of extreme secrecy and compartmentalization one in which you'd wish to work?) Thanks for the information--I wish I could direct the karma towards a non-throwaway account. Being privacy-minded, I suppose? :) I'd wager that this is pretty much just business mentality. YC isn't a charity, after all, beyond the public forum for discussion they provide in HN--and even that is arguably a chance to promote their own startups and scout talent. :) Ah, fair enough. That additional insight (along with, say, anecdotes about cases on both ends of the motivational spectrum you've encountered running YC) would be a very interesting read. I was under the--obviously mistaken--impression that pure profit motive was involved here, and thus was curious if a blog entry would be stating the obvious. Now that you've given some more info there, I agree with my parent poster--please do a writeup! I'm not sure if you noticed, but readability here seemed to drop some headers and also render the special font sections (code snippets, etc.) in skinnier and less legible text. The scrollbar seems due to the conversation with the computer about the blocks--barring that, nothing else is offpage. Really? Observation: Scaling, mobility, and distributed computing are all problems for the electrical engineers--theoretical computer scientists likely already have the answers. The bridge between theory and practice is where most of us find work. EDIT: changed "true computer scientists" to "theoretical computer scientists" and hedged bets slightly. Yes, because there couldn't possibly be people who handle their own distribution while still supporting the artists. How many of those issues go away with infinite storage, atomic storage operations of arbitrary length, instantaneous computation and communication, completely deterministic executions of operations, completely reliable machines, etc.? My point was more that the parent posts examples were problems that really are more engineering than theoretical in nature. Fair enough. :) You asserted that "Filesharers don't care about anything but their own entertainment." I would wager that there are fans of artists who donate to artists via concert proceedings or actual online donations while still downloading (for free, from alternate sources) their music. These are not mutually exclusive ideas. In fact, you kind of have to do this if you actually want to bring about positive change--you support the artist, but you deny any money to the middlemen. YOU WOULDNT DOWNLOAD A NAME RECORD If you accidentally kill innocents you probably aren't very good at the game. (ammo is a precious resource) "Killing people is just so... unenlightened." Care to elaborate? As far as I know, war practiced at the societal level is usually not for personal development. While I do agree with you in some regards, there is a very real policy impact involved in having a professional all-volunteer army. When you have to draft chunks of your population in order to conduct warfare, public opinion is very much against you if your cause is not 'just'. "If a nation cannot get enough paid volunteers to fight a war, that war is simply not worth fighting." The flaw here is that there are always going to be people available to fight for a chance at gold. Additionally, and even more troubling for the United States, we are increasingly reliant on machines to do this work for us--there is increasingly no meaningful connection between the citizenry and the hawkish body politic. If we do not have drafts, nor the possibility of drafts, then we find ourselves in a position where either: 1. We do not fight, for war is not worth fighting. 2. We continue to fight, and find ways of reducing the human requirement even further than it is already. (2) is much more likely, given the history of man and the way our tech is evolving. At best, this implies that one day we'll have robots blowing up other robots, all made by autonomous factories--this is merely a farcical misallocation of resources. At anything less than best, this implies that we'll have robots blowing up lots of civilians or other troops. It doesn't matter whether the lives lost are ours or not, it matters only that things are worse off. I'd suggest that the United States solely use draftees, and that we pursue national policies that don't require us to deploy widely to hostile areas. I don't think that there is anything terribly indirect about linking (explicitly) the blood of common Americans with hawkish politicians. An intellectual argument is irrelevant in the face of the masses--by definition, half of them are of below-average intelligence, yeah? So, we should pursue policies that make it concrete--even to the slowest citizen or smartest zealot--that there will be immediate, personal sacrifice for any military action they support. I would also question the analogy to women and minority rights--neither has particular import here, and only muddy the waters. War is an issue that has faced all states, regardless of race and gender; it is somewhat misleading to treat it as something that may be "overcome" like a silly cultural preference of the West. "In fact, my fear is that my generation will be unwilling to take preemptive offensive action when it is necessary (e.g. to prevent untrusted parties from acquiring nuclear or biological weapons)." This is also a place where I think we differ in viewpoint. Why is it so that Pakistan can have the atomic bomb, but not Iran? Why Israel and not Iraq? I do not live in fear of my fellow man because he is armed--I only am worried if he is actively hostile. If your state does not pursue hostilities, what does it matter what they have in their stockpiles? I believe that the bigger threat to my (apparently, our ) generation is to continue to live in fear of terrorism, war, weapons, and each other--so many problems would go away if people would just accept that some day their ticket comes up, and do the best that they can in the meantime. "Dude, you're asking me to just lay down and let the terrorists kill people. No way. We should just stop the bullies. There should be no tolerance for that kind of shit." You have a somewhat inflated sense of agency here, I believe. Additionally, these "terrorists" and "rogue states" are hardly "bullies"--and your claim of "no tolerance for that kind of shit" is exceptionally incongruous with past and present US foreign policy. It's not like the terrorists decide that their favorite golf course is closed for the weekend, so instead they blow up some innocent civilians. In the absence of motivating forces, such as economic depression, sanctions, or political meddling, they are likely to not be terrorists--or even more likely, to be somebody else's problem! As for the intent of my comment: do a calculation with me. Average human lifespan is around 66 years. Average time at airport security line is 20 minutes ( http://www.bts.gov/publications/airline_passenger_opinions_o... ). Let's say 600 million passengers embark every year ( http://www.transtats.bts.gov/ ). Run it through ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=%28600+million+times+20... ) and we see that something like 345 human-life-equivalents are wasted every year waiting in line to pull off shoes and get groped or irradiated. All so that people can feel more safe? From an effective non-threat? In ten years we've wasted more human-live-equivalents than the WTC attacks. From fear and bureaucracy alone. "Pakistan should not have it. (Remember, Pakistani leaders knowing sheltered Bin Laden.)" So, the proper argument here is that Pakistan's security is questionable, but that's beside the point. What does it matter that the Pakistanis knowingly sheltered Osama? Good God, if we were to hold nations accountable for the company they keep America (not to mention all of Europe and the rest of the world) would have a great lot of explaining to do! "There are many groups that are actively hostile that are not identical to a national government. There are many national governments that are largely sympathetic to these groups." There may be a reason for this, yes? If you knew of a world government with an exceedingly strong economy and a disposition for meddling extensively in the sovereign affairs of other states, wouldn't you be a wee bit wary? The reason that we face so much hostility is due to our failings in foreign policy, least of which being our military adventurism. "If you look at history, from the middle ages until now, you see a continual improvement." Improvement in what, technology? Amusement? Wealth? Kill ratios? This is a lot to unpack, but I think that one could make an argument that things are different--not necessarily better--and that happiness of a serf, a slave, or a modern person is open to debate. I'd enjoy debating this point further, but not immediately. "Moreover, the idea that people are brutes is disturbing. We have to see people as reasoning individuals; otherwise, we decay into fascism, religious extremism, etc." You've never seen a reasoning brute? You've never seen a fascist attempting to do what they believe is best for their nation? You've never seen a reasoning zealot do what they think is best for their faith? "Reason" is not some panacea that magically turns the barbarians into white-collar workers and lays the lion down with the lamb. At any rate, I intended to suggest not that the great unwashed slavering masses will throw us repeatedly into war: I meant to suggest that any more abstract reasoning, any more intellectual appeal, is too open to debate, argument, and misinterpretation. A draft is quite clear. Somewhat cynically, it's actually been worth a great deal to several contractors and logistics companies. :) (you can surround statements with asterisks like so to get italics :) ) You're basically correct in your interpretation of my views on the security theater and the like. The sad, sorry state of the matter is that when your country is as wealthy as ours, and--more importantly--as large as ours, you kind of have to stop thinking about things any other way than statistically. It's a hell of a thing to say, but honestly, what's a few thousand deaths in a fluke attack? What's a few hundred million dollars worth of property damage? The likelihood of that happening to any one of us is so small as to be absurd--even less if everyone is armed, but that is a brand of crazy I don't expect to sell to everyone. The damage these attacks has actually done to us has been to invoke this media meme of the evil terrorists coming to kill us in our moment of distraction. The initial loss my country suffered has been compounded beyond all reason by the fear-mongering and reactionary policy-making. Worse still, while we fret about a loss of men and material over a decade ago, our government (with, apparently, our own consent and approval!) has gone on to attack our fundamental liberties and notions of decency so systematically that many still refuse to believe they're up to anything. All because people are dumb, and get afraid, and are susceptible to the same emotional pandering as they've always been. Oddly enough, I'm actually in agreement with javert about the fact that people should reason more--I just know that you can't write policy that depends on it. This a million times. I could care less if the code has a weird cornercase TODO, as long as that gotcha is documented! You've apparently also suspended his account...? ( http://homakov.blogspot.com/2012/03/im-disappoint-github.htm... ) If this is true, would you please consider unsuspending him? This doesn't seem like a good way to reward this sort of behavior (i.e., helping through hacking). Even better would be a cost analysis of what each of those visits ran the patient. Why? He didn't cause any harm, disclosed quickly, and only acted after being ignored by the framework community (multiple times, it would seem). It's not even being "rewarded"--it's being "not punished". Wouldn't you like to have people spot vulnerabilities on your site and report them promptly without also breaking things? Seems a little ungrateful, yeah? If we are all going to migrate to the cloud and assume our services (no longer under our control) are handled competently, we must place a higher premium on vetting that competency. He didn't exploit anything, technically--that's all in the service API. (thanks Rails!) More seriously, just because he violated the ToS doesn't mean that they have to be dicks. Particularly funny is ( https://github.com/rails/rails/issues/5228#issuecomment-4290... ). I'm sure that that is great solace to the GitHub customers, staff, and any other sites affected by this vulnerability. Developers: we need to do better. See here: https://github.com/rails/rails/issues/5228#issuecomment-4290... This isn't a 0-day vulnerability--this is an issue known to the rails devs, and one which they decided wrongly on. Sometimes you've got to take things to the next level of visibility. Provided that the he did so and made the change public, and the modification was not malicious? Yes. I'd even send him a thank-you email, and add him to our list of contributors. I'd then of course contact the customer (probably over phone, as quickly as possible), explain the vulnerability, explain what happened, and explain how we were fixing it. Then I'd write a post about it, and put it on the front of the site. That's how you do business. He'd already been ignored by the rails devs. For a normal project, sure, whatever, but when the security hole is in a framework--especially one as widely deployed as rails--you eventually must cede that, yeah, the fastest way to get something serious fixed is to do a public exploit. What if he'd submitted the fix to github and they'd quietly patched it and said nothing? What if they'd said something but nobody cared because hey, it's fixed now? What if they'd flat-out ignored it as the rails devs did (perhaps even citing that as their reason)? No, security only reliably gets addressed when it hurts and hurts publicly. The combination of hitting the exploit on perhaps the most visible site for the target audience and doing so in a way that didn't harm anything is impressive. whoa whoa whoa Ruby is a really cool language with some fascinating features--don't limit yourself by assuming that you also have to learn the Rails stuff. Seriously, give it a shot in one of its more palatable forms. More like: "Dear Grabastic, Today we had a demonstration by a user (xxx) of a security vulnerability on our site. ${VULNERABILITY_EXPLANATION} We believe that it is possible that your application or records are covered in the scope of the exploit, because of the fact that ${VULNERABILITY_APPLICATION}. In order to fix this issue, we have ${VULNERABILITY_PATCH}. We have thanked this user for their vigilance in spotting bugs and security weaknesses in our site, and they have been added to our contributors-security page here (link). We have a stance that security is something that can only be improved by lots of inquisitive eyes, and so if you have seen any issues that concern you, please do not hesitate to inform us and/or demonstrate the vulnerability--provided, of course, you do so without breaking anything permanently. :) Our service is better today than it was yesterday, and we hope that with the patience and openness of our users it will be still better tommorrow! Sincerely, angersock " See, not so hard! "Buffer overflows are not a vulnerability in C. If you've ever used C, you'll probably be aware that has several features for preventing things like this from happening (strlen_s, memmove, etc.). Microsoft failed to use those methods, so it's a vulnerability in Microsoft. All apps powered by C are not necessarily vulnerable to this , only ones that have not been properly coded using the aforementioned security features." And yet, people have stopped using C for a lot of things because of the security implications... Look, when Rails is pushed as an out-of-the-box magic web stack--and it is--, and the out-of-the-box config has these problems available--which seems to be the case--maybe there is something to be said for the framework needing fixing. Just because I can write code that prevents various exploits does not mean I expect the rest of the world to--and I sure as hell don't do so while brandishing about how even beginners can use my tools. yes yes yes no new genuinely new programming ideas have happened since the 70s and 80s. Don't be obtuse. It's a lot easier to have a united democracy when you start with a unified populace culled of undesirables, yeah? Sure, stacking the deck, but it can be made to work. Disgusting, yes, but it follows reason. Cuba may or may not be as bad as you claim--go look at their life expectancies and number of doctors. The Soviet Union really seemed to run into issues when they'd integrated enough other nations to create a non-unified block; today Russia has the same issues with Chechnya. So, that underlines my point: uniform culture promotes strength. North Korea is a shitshow, but that has little to do with unification and more to do with abominable management. Nazi Germany... well, that's an interesting datapoint, right? Their government was most effective and popular support greatest when dissenting factions had been integrated. Germany is doing quite well nowadays, whereas when you look at the broader amalgamation of the EU you see strife and disagreement. From the standpoint of government, and democracy, it is a lot easier to govern/be governed by a homogeneous group than it is to handle dissenting views in an acceptable fashion. The fact that the US has done as well as it has--or the UK for that matter--without devolving to purges is quite impressive. Seasoned and sauced. They're bitcoin loonies and need to find a way to make real money? Strictly speaking, we've been doing it to plants and animals--in one way or another--for hundreds if not thousands of years. That's an entirely different problem than engineering humans. I really wish that I could share your optimism. Any claims about our "self-directed evolution" seem to either: define it so loosely as to include purely social conventions or uses of technology (we keep our information in the twitterspheres!, or to assume some magic breakthrough in bioengineering that overnight allows us to start jailbreaking our genome. The sad, sorry fact of the matter is that in the time it takes to accomplish that, we could blow ourselves up. Or, we could blow enough of ourselves up to render that future unachievable. The nations that are capable of carrying out this research, and supporting the societies that can support this sort of thing logistically and culturally, are very precarious in their positioning. As a thought exercise, consider how far food on your table had to travel, how many things had to work correctly for that to happen, and how fucked you are if they don't (and how tricky it is to find a replacement, and how many other people would be doing the same). It would not be unreasonable to believe that a collapse of civilization could set back your scheme several hundred years--for example, consider how difficult it would be to get back to a point where you could use existing machines, much less make new ones. A semiconductor foundry--required for computers, in turn required for any meaningful engineering these days--would be practically unattainable in dire times, even if you find people alive who still knew how to run it! Or, even more likely, nothing goes wrong, and simple social forces render stagnation even with advanced bioengineering. Read "The Calorie Man" by Paolo Bacigalupi for a recent take on this. There is no reason to expect that we're going to fare any better. So, no, this isn't an unreasonable pessimism on the rest of our parts. That's the problem of reasoning on timescales of civilizations, yeah? You can't really pay attention to transient effects and still make meaningful policies. For example, consider how many people died mining coal in the past couple of centuries, or how many natives died when colonizing forces spread them diseases or outright committed genocide. Sure, it's awful, but would the world really be a better place if America were limited to some traders on the East coast? Or if England had never really gotten the Industrial Revolution thing figured out? We can't really reason in human terms when talking about the species writ large. "Perhaps it's lack of knowledge on my part, but I don't see what will stop atomic bombs from being as common as handguns in 30-100 years. Fissile material is ubiquitous; there's no barrier but economics and engineering, of exactly the sort near-term AI could unpredictably disrupt." You guess right--it's your lack of knowledge. Fissile material is not useful for making nuclear weapons (of any more than the dirty bomb variety). So far, we seem to have converged on uranium and plutonium, and while at least uranium is relatively common in the Earth the processing and dredging required to get a useful amount of it, and then the refining to get the useful isotopes from that , is nontrivial. Engineering and fast computers are great and all, and will get you arbitrarily close to the physical limits--but we're there right now, and physics says you aren't getting a centrifuge with meaningful output in your garage. More troubling is the idea that frankly we've had the technology to build sports cars in our homes for decades and decades now. It's called buying a lathe, an arc welder, a mill, a forge. Despite the availability--cheap!--of these things to the general populace, not only is it not widespread among those who can--and there are damned few of those even with this magical Internet thing telling you how to do all of it--it will get less likely as people focus on cat pictures and tweeting. We aren't worthy of a singularity as a culture. EDIT: Thank you for attaching some interesting facts. Allow me to do the same: The useful fissile uranium isotope (235) accounts for bout .72% of naturally occurring uranium ( http://web.ead.anl.gov/uranium/guide/facts/ ). Your hiking source claims uranium metal, but points out that it is completely locked up in slag and that only at large-scales does the approach seem tractable. Even allowing for that , the amount produced is negligible. That's just for metal--we aren't even talking about a usable isotope yet. Take 7/1000 of that result from the blogger, and wave a wand to make it pure enough to use. Now collect the (at least) several pounds needed of that to make a functioning device. Now do the machining on the rest of the device to make it function correctly (have fun with the berylium dust, if you go that route). Now do the timing electronics, and the charge shaping (if you go that route). This. Is. Not. Garage. Technology. I don't know why you are getting downvoted... Maybe people don't read as much speculative fiction as they used to (or books in general, for that matter, but I digress...) but it seems like lately I've run into more than a few people acting surprised about concepts that, frankly, have been explored to death in books as recently as half a century ago. So, from your [APS] link: "1.6 to 16 times more efficient than first-generation gas centrifuges" Even taking the SILEX claims at face value, that's compared with first-gen gas centrifuges--presumably those used in the early 20th century. That's still not going to produce output in a form factor usable in a garage. Moreover, the argument I'd posited earlier doesn't hinge on the refinement--the sheer issues of scale of processing for ingress that much raw material are what gets in the way. Then you also have to dispose of the waste tailings. As for the refining... look at a pic from an '84 processing plant ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Gas_centrifuge_cascade.jpg ). Each of those cylinders is ~40' tall, according to the parent article's caption. Better info is available from globalsecurity ( http://www.globalsecurity.org/wmd/intro/u-centrifuge.htm ): "A single centrifuge might produce about 30 grams of HEU per year, about the equivalent of five Separative Work Unit (SWU). As as a general rule of thumb, a cascade of 850 to 1,000 centrifuges, each 1.5 meters long, operating continuously at 400 m/sec, would be able to produce about 20-25 kilograms of HEU in a year, enough for one weapon." Even going with the factor of 20 speedup (overestimation from your provided article with the SILEX quote), we would expect to need 50 centrifuges, on the order of 1.5m long each--that's quite a lot. There's also the supporting equipment, power conditioners and piping and so forth. In fact, powering the entire apparatus is also a big concern. The article I linked suggests a power draw on the order of several hundred thousand kilowatt-hours (compare with around six thousand for a normal home per year) per year. So, again, I don't see the garage fab making sense. Oh, and during all that time? You bet your ass the government is datamining your browsing history, purchase orders, and hobbies. I've ignored it so far in the discussion, but if you want to play the magical singularity wand I'll play the fascist police state card. Downvote for being a shithead. So, why is it again that we don't just run hospitals like any other civil service (police, fire, defense), fund them with taxes, and treat the care as something that a civilized government should provide? Having given government a monopoly on force, it would seem that we should expect it to heal as well. This is absurd. Then we probably need to come to terms with losing our loved ones, because this is intractable. I'd rather have "death panels" than the current situation. "But posting a customer's personal information without permission is unacceptable." Let's be honest, now... in the age of social media, Google, Facebook, etc., that cat is long since out of the bag. That book is an excellent read, and has some interesting insights about boardroom shenanigans if memory serves. Also, his yacht is pretty badass. Right, but in both your examples there is still a physical good. As your parent noted, digital goods are free to duplicate. If you want your argument to hold, you need to require that the film studios never allow their IP to end up digital. (and that is quite backwards.) I consider myself pro-piracy and anti-copyright. Yet, this article still hits a nerve. First off, and perhaps most unforgivably, the author makes no distinction between content creators and content distributors. All of their arguments seem to be based around creators charging too much--that isn't so! It's the distributors that saddle us with DRM, shitty prices, and ads. A great example of this is the line: "The artists who wake up and realize they can sell me their newest physical CD for $20." That's usually not the artist, unless you buy the album at a show or something! That's Sony! That's BMG! It's those bastards, not the artist! This misdirected anger does not help their case. Second, there is far too much of an entitled tone. Statements like "You can offer me a pdf file or simply link me to a webpage, but stop ignoring this valuable info. And make sure you have a website that details everything you've released and what you're working on. There's nothing more frustrating than finding a new obscure artist you like who only has a dormant Myspace music page.There's nothing more frustrating than finding a new obscure artist you like who only has a dormant Myspace music page." and "At the very least, I should get a discount on your older stuff for being a current customer." These do not read well, to put it mildly. When the Man comes around to point out those damn freeloading kids it is exactly these sorts of quotes he points to. Wah wah wah I want a pdf and a web page and a pony--yes, these are all sound business and advertising moves, but asking for it this way is unpalatable. There is a third issue with the stance taken by the author. Observe: "I heard from a friend that Mafia was an enjoyable game. I downloaded it, played it and enjoyed it. Did I immediately go rush out and buy it? No, of course not. But when I heard Mafia II was coming out and it was made by the same company as the first one, I pre-ordered it." In theory, in a world where developers can make multiple titles, this is a not-entirely-invalid approach. Let the devs prove themselves, then reward them with your future patronage. The problem--and perhaps the author isn't familiar enough with the industry enough to know this--is that publishers, who are the ones hurt by piracy, are the ones who nowadays make-or-break most studios. When you don't buy the first game, the publisher doesn't see a sale, and so is likely to shutter the studio and give the IP to somebody else. It's not merely enough to buy the next game--you must also fund the developer so that there can be a next game! (As an aside, it would seem that maybe this is why piracy seems not to affect indies so much...a lot of them take donations or have pay-as-dev-happens models. It's when studios are held under the power of a publisher that these alternate funding mechanisms seem to fail, and thus studios can't survive to make a reputation when their first game is pirated.) There's some other good stuff in there, but those are three things the author really needs to get straight in their argument. I'm not sure I follow you. A DVD would still be (inefficient) digital distribution. Why would I pay for that either (in the, "Why would I buy that?" sense, not the "Why wouldn't I steal that?" sense)? It's an android being assembled. Of course it's going to be nude, to start with. This is a silly complaint. She's an android declared for office/home/personal use, so yes, skin tones are not unreasonable. She covered herself shyly as a subtle way of displaying her newfound self-awareness--it was a pretty obvious (but well chosen) device. The clothes weren't that skimpy, and even if they were, it would make sense to have as little material being shipped as possible to reduce transportation costs. Control for economic conditions, and then you may have a case. Policy matters like this are a tricky. "There does not seem to be any way around the issue." Do something different. Write software that solves real problems and give it away. Fund yourself by coding for companies that solve real problems. This isn't complicated. It's a cute toy for running Linux. You can play Quake 3 on it. Other than that, it might be useful for teaching programming...? "Not knowing about the existence of a patent should be a valid defense against a patent infringement suit, and it should be the patent holder's responsibility to make sure that most other people in the industry know about the patent and how the invention works." The problem with allowing this is that it becomes (as it has) de facto procedure to never read patents because you might infringe. So, this fails to uphold the idea that patents should teach society how to do a thing. Better to just remove them entirely. "The justification for copyright is to increase the value of creating creative works, so that society has a richer culture." So, there's your issue right there: creative works have no value beyond that which people assign to them. The utility I get from the Mona Lisa is greater than that I get for Piss Christ --and that is a personal preference, at this point in time. Creators should not be shielded from the free market: they either need to pander to the public (if they want money), or they need to accept that what they do is not motivated by money (and in so doing free themselves of their audience's expectations). Copyright introduces scarcity and inflates value for things that, quite frankly, don't deserve it. I replied to a couple points in your thread. Long story short, kill patents, kill copyright, keep trademark. It's just business. They have a responsibility to their shareholders. What's unethical about this? Seriously, where is the moral imperative that says "Thou Shalt Not Patent Troll"? The fact that they play it, and perhaps incidentally help show how fucking stupid the whole system is, is more respectable than armchair quarterbacking. (and yes, their shareholders and executive force them to play it.) Thank you for elaborating on your position. Upvoted for content. That said, note that this isn't an abuse of the system--it is very much using it to the letter of the law. Note further that, at least in America it would seem, we place a very high value on the letter (as opposed to the spirit) of the law. I still think there isn't a fully developed moral argument here, but at least you've elaborated on your position. For what it's worth, I think the rough sketch of the argument would go something like: scarcity is Bad, knowledge promotes nonscarcity therefore Good, patents intended to promote knowledge therefore Good, wording of patents allows companies to act to decrease knowledge there Bad. I just wanted to make sure you had a better backing than the usual "Oh noes patents are teh evil and the abuses you see". If we're ever going to fix this mess, we need to make sure our ideology and reasoning is in line and clear. The problem with the web-based tools is that, by necessity, you end up needing to find a way to monetize your userbase. And that means ads, and selling private information, and selling trends, and doing all of these heinous things. Giving away the tools lets the users help themselves, and frees you of the burden of having to keep the service alive and monetize users. Things worth being made would be prefunded, and things that aren't won't get made. As much as we enjoy entertainment, we cannot claim it is implemented as cheaply as possible. This would let the market actually sort out what is naturally viable. Open-source writ large is a dumb marketing gimmick. As far as useful code goes, the people who care and respect other hackers release the code anyways, copyright or no. "Free software" vastly overestimates the value and talent of the average user--I don't feel any pity for the average City Of Farm Wars user if they don't get the source to IE. Ideas are cheap, tools for writing/directing/coding/filming/editing are cheap--hell, cheaper than they've ever been! I would disagree that this gamble is unavailable to anyone of even modest means. If you can't raise sufficient funding, frankly, that's a your problem . There are a lot of people (myself and cofounders included) who prefund by working some job (of varying degrees of satisfaction) and diverting the funds towards development of their own creative enterprises. In the absence of patrons, yeah, we fund ourselves, and one day it'll pay off--or it won't. That's life. Novelists are great and all, but it seems obvious that if you cannot write something quickly enough on a budget, or in your freetime, and it isn't good enough to get picked up, well, sorry. The system should be in place to let you fail fast and figure out what to do next. Hah, nifty! For a hackathon this weekend we wrote a simple terminal and Ruby IDE using WebSockets. It's good stuff. I'm pretty sure the sockets + thin-client with JS GUI will win the day. what what are you even saying i dont even ( More concretely, if you use testing to drive your refactors and architecture--as opposed to, say, finding pain points in normal code or actual design time in preproduction--I would be concerned that you are "guardrail programming", as a gentleman put in a talk I saw recently. When we drive, we don't have guardrails to bounce us back on the road every time we veer off--they're there to protect us against accidents or when something goes seriously wrong with our vehicle. If you told somebody that you drove from city A to city B by hugging the guardrail, they'd say you were nuts. Similarly, depending on unit tests to do design is strange--they're there to be sure that your code functions according to contract. ) My original disagreement was more along the lines of "unit testing is more important for design than for QA" and less "unit testing is important". I certainly support unit testing, as its essential--and anyone telling you otherwise is bonkers--to ensuring that code follows contract. That said, if unit testing was great for design but didn't spot errors, it'd be useless. Whereas, if it was useless for design and good for errors, that's okay, because I can do the design work myself. As a mechanical engineer by training, I will be a sad panda if you use tau for something other than torque. EDIT: And shear stress. Derp. That's why I write software now. :) So, at the end of the day, you never actually did design-from-scratch work, and instead used tests to verify incremental design improvements (key part: verify not create )? Pi is better then tau because all of our damned engineering formulas have pi. SI is, however, the right answer (though useless without reference tools, whereas imperial isn't). If going the Perl route is the way to fix your solution your solution sucks (doesn't matter what it solves). Also, that's why we have subscripts. well played good sir/madam Freedom has nothing to do with practicality, my friend. "Furthermore, in a democratic society you're more than free to vote with your money -- I don't understand what having full access to someone else's intellectual property/the fruits of their labor has to do with democracy." You have conflated so much economics and governmental policy here I don't even know where to start. We (at least Americans) live in neither a free market nor democracy, for starters. You've never looked at academic or numerical code, have you? It's totally fugly. Go skim the first edition of Numerical Recipes in C--it'll give you nightmares. I've done this before, friend. Starting from scratch is indeed easier. The point I was making was that he used unit tests to confirm his design (as a safety net) and not as a primary design tool. "The government can't just take property from someone, and if they do, they have to pay for it," said Dowell. "Just because an entity is funded with taxpayer dollars doesn't give them the right to steal property. My client now owns 34 patents that are being infringed, and what else is he to do?" You cannot support patents and at the same time tell us, with a straight face, that somehow it is still for the common good. Pirates are accused of stealing for the way they handle IP--what mental gymnastics are folks willing to go through to condemn this while condoning that? I think your problem here is that the terrorists weren't out as Jokers--they weren't attempting indiscriminate destruction of resources and benefits (regardless of what the government/news might lead you to believe). Somewhat thankfully, true destroy-all-the-things thinking writ large and competently executed seems to be a very rare thing in the species. Minor quibble on your final point... Jokers achieve greatest absolute destruction when the lifetime of the system is indefinite--you have to have sand castles before you can kick them over. So, it would seem to me that they'd be more likely to become cooperators for the sole purpose of building things back up to burn them down again. I like your choice of terms! :) Hm.... Ice Giants would seem to suggest a fourth state, one of pure inactivity. I would almost say that you could model these modes (as the paper does) by changing the damage value to be 0 (dormant, effectively, Ice Giants) for some chosen system conditions. Were you to assign a negative damage, you might be able to model jokers-as-cooperator. The interesting (perhaps most interesting) thing about the Jokers is that they have no stake in the system. So, I wonder how to account/model that in a Jokers-can-become-Coopearators system. Hm. shhhhhh don't try to break the narrative of microsoft writing terrible software Don't be obtuse--there is a vast difference between machine tools and operating systems. Here's a better reason: because it's old and will no longer be receiving updates, one of which is support for new versions of IE . Good on you if you see no compelling reason to switch to Windows 7 from XP. I see no reason to uninstall 3.11 from my old Compaq 386, but then again I also don't bitch that it doesn't support WebSockets. We need to stop defending people that refuse to upgrade their operating systems while at the same time complaining about not being able to run new applications. Just like git and GNU/Linux software, amirite? The amazing thing isn't that Firefox/Chrome/Safari run so well on XP--it's that they run at all. That they do so is more due to their status as hobby projects (effectively) than as paid products. EDIT: Note that I respect those other projects immensely... and that the truth is that their goal/motivation is different from IE. Consider, for example, that at the end of the day Chrome is a Google product, and in some way must tie into the advertising thrust of the company. So, it makes sense to try and make it available for as many things as possible. so we'll have to change our massive amount of python 3 code? yeah okay sure (j/k nobody uses python 3) Ah, wonderful! Thank you for the extra information. :) So, you've brought up another important point in the Linux/packagemanager ecosystem: "Some app will require a feature added in lib X version Y, and they're still on Y-2." Windows has had this solved for something like a decade. Sure, there's the much lampooned "dll hell", but honestly, Linux's solution was "lol lets upgrade things and break user apps". There is zero excuse for apps in Linux to have library dependency issues. A package, when downloaded, should have its depended-upon libs and so's tagged. When some other application is updated and pulls in new version of the libs, the first app shouldn't ever see the update. Wouldn't that be nice? Similarly, having a stable ABI to program against for system calls would be helpful. Users complain when their old apps break, and this is unavoidable under the current Linux development model (see http://primates.ximian.com/~miguel/texts/linux-developers.ht... for a good article on this problem). Here, try this: he both thinks that you are not stupid and that "nobody" would confuse who wrote the book (evidently, the second thought was shown to be factually incorrect). Not so hard--I, however, think you're being silly. no we are very serious business You know, I keep hearing this meme about the evil robot taking away our jobs... how does this compare with the actual competition from overseas cheap labor? As I understand it, isn't it a lot cheaper to hire a bunch of third-world workers than to build out automated factories? There are lots of startups in Texas-- in Austin, in Houston, in Dallas. You're mistaken. And yes, we do have people fold up shop and move to other startups. Sorry Kansas (your corner of it anyway) ain't workin' out for you. unit tests the people who heroically sacrifice their sanity to write unit tests ( In all honesty, this is one of my biggest concerns about using robots for exploration and war. These are very human activities, and if we don't deign to use humans for them... well... why are we here? ) Yes. Health care research is cute and all, but we don't really have a system that lets it benefit the vast majority of people, yeah? We are doing our damnedest to wall off the research that comes off of it, yeah? We are setting ourselves up for unrealistic expectations and a fantasy world where our loved ones never die, yeah? That's not worth spending money on. Education cost is not the point--other replies covered that better than I can. Solving world hunger? You mean, feeding people who can't feed themselves while we force our own poor into shitty lifestyles from eating junk food, yeah? Giving food to dictatorships in hopes that they, oh lawdy, don't develop nukes? Giving GM crops and their associated IP to fuckwads like Monsanto so that they can get a stranglehold on the food supply, yeah? Space is the least harmful of places we've tried to make policy. So, obviously, the solution here is to have tighter integration of ad platforms with the underlying system, perhaps an ads repo that installed applications can access and which is optimized for power use. Or, you know, you could charge for your applications and stop putting ads in altogether. It will be a dark day, my friends, when there is kernel support for advertisements. Texas sure as shit isn't the South. Buncha dumb hicks over there. :) Hey, how's that state budget doing ( http://www.lao.ca.gov/reports/2010/bud/fiscal_outlook/fiscal... )? And those friendly gun laws? And quality police force? I am going to download so many linux isos with this. Depends on what sort of equity they're looking at getting. Also, and this is important, do they do node? I hate to be that guy, but what exactly is the purpose of adding 3D transforms to web pages? I mean, beyond nifty demos like this? Honestly, isn't this just going to add a bunch of dumb cruft to what browser vendors will have to support and probably just for the sake of being 201x's tag? EDIT: To clarify--wouldn't it be more useful to focus on faster js engines and better WebGL support? they put the "fun" in fundamentalism? :) So. Much. Brogramming. Anyways, in addition to the annoying beer plug, let us observe their other typos: "Massages: take a brake [sic] from hacking to unwind." "NO Idea Guys: security is on strick [sic] instructions to bounce anyone who can't code." "NO Slow Internet: Let's make buffering a thing of the paste [sic]." Fucking clowns. "Do you have sources to back that up?" Interesting article here covering sex (not gender) gap: http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/programming-and-development... ...and then there's the actual BLS stats here (ftp://ftp.bls.gov/pub/special.requests/lf/aat11.txt) which suggest something like 20% females in the workforce. In the game industry, at least as of the IGDA survey in '05, we see something like 92% identify as straight ( http://archives.igda.org/diversity/IGDA_DeveloperDemographic... ). So, we could back-of-the-envelope that perhaps a figure of 75% is reasonable, and 85% is not absurd as a guesstimate if you don't fact check. "What I do care about is the mountains of gold in them there hills that are ready for the plundering when we learn how to start selling software to women." I am saddened by the implication here that selling good software that solves problems for everyone should somehow be less lucrative then exploiting cultural norms and stereotypes. This mindset is something that we, being in a new field, have a unique opportunity to overcome. Statistics seem to indicate that, for now, you're safe. (this is not a good thing.) Sorry, I'll try to rephrase my question slightly. If the software truly solves problems for everyone, why should we have to pick a marketing strategy that segments the population of potential users (previously stated to be everyone) by sex or gender? 1) Backpack is clearly attached with better-than-normal strapping in front. Watch preflight carefully. EDIT: Look here ( http://www.humanbirdwings.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/IMG... ) 2) If it's a kite and gets off the ground, so what? Worked, didn't it? Also, for wings, it just has to be glider plus produce enough thrust off the flapping to keep it aloft, yeah? We're not making an airplane here. EDIT: Looks like there is an internal core wing structure ( http://www.humanbirdwings.net/wp-content/gallery/fixingwings... ) with the extra fabric functioning somewhat like secondary feathers. 3) Motors alone aren't made for rapid oscillation--that's why we have other mechanical devices such as cams, pistons, etc. If you listen carefully at liftoff you can hear a highpitched whine, perhaps a small IC engine. EDIT: Confirmed as electric motors using battery packs. 4) You probably just need to change the angle of attack, and maybe dick around with Cg and Cp. So, until I see your numbers, I'm not discounting this out of hand. 5) Where in the press release does it say he uses an Android OS? It says he uses accelerometers from an HTC smartphone, sure, but I didn't see anything about running Android. EDIT: Taking my own advice, look here for system diagram: ( http://www.humanbirdwings.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/exp... ). He uses one phone per wing, plus additional computation power. 6) So what? That alone isn't implausible. 7) That's probably because this is worth good money in patents. EDIT: Check the website here ( http://www.humanbirdwings.net/press/ ). Why is it so absurd that this might work? Hey, for all you people that are pulling things out from their collective asses, at least criticize from the damned website and press release: http://www.humanbirdwings.net/press/ Closeup of backpack here: http://www.humanbirdwings.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/IMG... Why don't you read his dev blog? http://www.humanbirdwings.net/project-timeline/ It would seem that arguments about the system instead of the filming might, you know, be more productive. It's an entirely different mechanism, hence the difference in movement. Note also that the wings are powered by peddling, whereas the birdman has accelerometer-controlled wings (individually controlled, rather). Just above the blue batteries you'll see two little walky-talkie looking things. Those are motor controllers (note the thick wires coming off of them). Those are mounted on a plate. The motors are farther up, under the plate. It could be the camera being wonky, legitimate post-production work, auto gain adjustment, etc. So, no, look at the equipment used, look at the mechanisms involved, and tell me that it is completely infeasible. Don't rely on analysis of some cheap Youtube video. As for the black square, I'm willing to chalk that up to being under the fabric until its stretch taught. EDIT: Black square is not under the wing--probably a patch if its real. For the record, he's budgeting around 17 m^2 surface area for wing and 100 kg for pilot ( http://www.humanbirdwings.net/about/working-on-the-wings/ ). That's about 5 kg/m^2 wing loading, well within range of something for a microlight( http://www.caa.co.uk/default.aspx?catid=1416&pagetype=90... ) if a bit heavy for an unpowered glider. EDIT: The wing surface (that kite he mentions sacrificing) is from one of these ( http://ride.slingshotsports.com/2012-Fuel# ) which is intended for exactly this sort of thing--supporting a human in flight. Note that in the design blog the motors are being run through a 25:1 planetary gear. The family of motors in question can put out in excess of 2kw ( http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/__17986__Turnigy_Ro... or http://hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/uh_viewItem.asp?idProdu... ). So, no, the power plant is quite capable. The thing you should also be complaining about is the sudden appearance of a black square on the wing. I think our friend may have damaged the wing, patched it, and the cut there is them trying to edit out a fuckup launch attempt. That's the most annoying inconsistency for me. I think that could be a patch to the wing applied after they managed to pull out the cloth from the spar (if you look at the blog a bit, there are some posts showing that issue). I think the shitty cut around 1:20ish could be them looking down during a screwed launch attempt, and splicing back in after adding the patch. You'll notice in the following video the patch is there from the start. There is a Dutch news clipping from about a week after video 13 that shows the dude without the patch, which is puzzling. Again, easily explained as using an old photo from before 13, but still. And yet more profitable per-capita than Google. Annoying as hell, isn't it? >:( More usefully, I don't mind if this turns out to be a fake--but this off-the-cuff "no it is not possible ever" is so narrowminded when not combined with credible facts and analysis. Hey brah, so, like, lemme break it down for ya. These bros planned a hella sick party out in Boston. There was going to be hot chicks, they were gonna do Rails and kegstands--it was gonna be the hottest thing since Southby. (Even the Zuck was checking it out.) But, like, the ad they payed some hipster to write, like, wasn't bronificial to the party. They didn't underline the amount of dubstep and wubwub, and, like, without the proper flag raised a bunch of those pansy Valley coders got all butthurt. Like, really, who doesn't want to rep while they REPL? Who doesn't like drinks served by the hottest bitches; what're they, some kind of queerlicopter? This author, brahly, seems to think, like, maybe they pitched to the wrong audience, you know. Like when we tried to pitch that NattyIce/Pets.com mashup, and the VCs were all like "Are you sure that your target demographic of bros who like light beer and dogs actually exist?" and we were like "Pshhhhaw yeah" and they were like "You'll hear from us--don't call." Previous night's discussion with something more than just "I can tell from some of the pixels." http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3732385 It may be fake, but it isn't impossible. Why don't you bless us with your obviously superior grasp of the laws of nature? If it's so obvious, the math justifying your position should comfortably fit in an HN post. women certainly arent picking up men at hackathons (because all programmers are big fat neckbeards and brogrammers are gigantic hunks of meat) (that is the joke you see) There is a very real possibility that the wing was pulled by a cable. The kite adapted is actually one of those ones you usually pull behind a boat and which glides you up into the air. The electric motors--if using the heavy-duty outrunners mentioned in the last thread--are on the order of 2-4 kg each, for a total of about 10 lbs. The weight of the fabric/kite is on the order of 1kg ( http://www.humanbirdwings.net/about/working-on-the-wings/ ). The batteries appear to be lightweight li-poly packs, so really powerful for very light weight. Tell that to the GCC folks, GIMP developers, Blender developers, Tremulous developers, Firefox developers, Mono developers, Rails developers, Python developers... (we all know GTK is a labor of love, 'cause you couldn't expect people to pay for it.) Er, the number of views we get on places like Youtube and 4chan and YTMND seem to present a convincing counterargument. $400 dollars for a full day of recording ( http://www.inthejarstudios.com/rates.htm ). I have to pay for my own woodworking tools and computers, but I don't expect people to subsidize me in my hobby. And if I decided to go pro--which in the case of computers I have--I would make sure I only make things the market wants, and not take on shitty contracts signing away future sale equity until some vaguely defined point in the future. Well, shit, I guess they weren't kidding. Huh. (For folks States-side, for an idea on how to implement one of these this design report has some good info: http://www.ti.com/corp/docs/landing/universityprogram/11_win... ) Until you make money because people are willing to pay for what you have and will do so even in the presence of cheaper alternatives, yeah, it's a hobby. And they are welcome to keep paying for it--as the rest of us download free copies. As for convenience, I may find it more convenient to download music from TPB or a college FTP than from iTunes, because I don't want to deal with their installer or give away my billing info. Convenience is an utterly subjective measure. (also, your car analogy is shitty and bad and you should feel shitty and bad) What? Are you unable to understand the difference between making a statement with unspecified assumptions, and making a crafted argument with carefully specified axioms and clear logical reasoning--while also noting obvious facts about the real-world implementation of the topic you debate? How many songs/stories/etc. are dreamed up by kids and never published? How many love poems are written and not saved? Content is far, far from scarce. (also, that isn't a thought experiment you suggested: it was an assertion provided without reasoning.) EDIT: Amended to better address inflammatory language. Market value is determined by scarcity and demand, right? Scarcity is finished for digital items. Sorry, but that train has left. This very much follows economics. (and stop conflating utility with market value...argh....) Fixed. (that kind of comment saved HN bandwidth several dozen KB, I wager. But, have it your way.) Your argument about scarcity is akin to saying "Never mind that we have trees that drop fruit on the ground for everyone into perpetuity--when you consider that we collect some fruit, cart it off to town, polish it, and cart it back, and sell it, of course fruit is a scarce resource!" If the time/effort would've been expended anyways, yeah, it's effectively free. If the time/effort would've been better spent elsewhere, it shold've been. ("thought experiment"--you keep using that phrase. I do not think it means what you think it means. What are your terms? What are you trying to show? How does one lead to the other?) How many artists produce one-hit-wonders and then do basically nothing else, living off of payments? How many other artists produce more in their free time (Zappa, Waits, Infected Mushroom) then others do in their career (Chinese Democracy lol). We have to make sure that we do not conflate utility (absolute value) with market value. Look, the entire debate is/ought/mustbe centered around means of distribution, right? The person I was replying to was trying to contend that content is scarce. I showed that, no, it indeed is not. Had they put in your caveat that undistributed content might as well not exist, I would've cheerfully argued and perhaps ceded the point. But, their statement, as given? Wrong. Also, you claim (as does everyone else in this debate, it would seem) that creators must be compensated or less content will result. You cannot prove this, or if you can, you have not shown a reasoning chain that results in it. Use logic. EDIT: Downvote away, but for chrissakes at least provide your reasoning. What is this, reddit? You are dancing around a point, here. You can't simulate scarcity with access provision. We've solved that. We wouldn't be having this same stupid tired runaround if access provision worked or could be made to work without being repugnant. As for the Elvis singles, those were physical goods, housed in physical places, with physical companies. This is vastly different from people giving away byte patterns to one another--and the sooner this is accepted, the sooner we can all productively talk about it. As for your GPL license... I'm willing to wager that, shock , there are a lot of companies that use in-house tools having modified GPL source without publishing their changes. I'm willing to wager even more that in developing nations there are lots of IP violations of that nature occurring. Your law means nothing if it cannot be enforced. You know, I think you're on to something. I think the frequency for overhead power lines is basically just 50 or 60 Hz, depending on region. You could probably setup a lightweight tuned secondary coil on the robot, and then use some clever rectifier/zener tricks to get a reliable trickle charge out of it. Hm. EDIT: BAHAHAHA THIS IS TOTALLY POSSIBLE ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rogowski_coil )! WE CAN HAVE DRONES LIVING OFF THE GRID! FUCK DA POLICE! :D :D (thank you for a fuller response) Re: your 3 assertions towards the end. 1) Agreed. However, the absolute amount of content being produced is increasing regardless as population grows and tool proliferate. We all know you can't count a decrease in growth the same way you count an actual cost. 2) Content creation becoming expensive can be a function just as much about expectations of what something should cost as it is actual production cost--so, no, I don't agree that creation costs what it actually needs to. Expensive things won't be made, sure, but what about ten cheap things instead? Or a hundred hobby things? 3) Agreed that time is used. However, how many people program in their free time if they do it as a job? How many people shoot movies in their free time as Best Boy Grip or whatever? Just because they do it as a day job doesn't mean that they'll do it as a hobby, too. Or that they wouldn't increase their hobby time now that they don't have to do it for a living. Thank you for your excellent expansion of my point. I wager that they either haven't identified the boulder rushing down at them... ...or are trying to win the piracy/IP battle enough that it gives them a credible position from which to attack the populist works that remix what they perceive to be their IP. Especially if, for example, they've succeeded in making faceless/nameless/processless takedowns possible--a pretty solid weapon against populist entertainment. Yeah, you apparently don't need to have a ferrous core, and you can hook them over something instead of needing a full circle core. So, like, a little arm with a clamp could totally do this. EDIT: Looks like the output is something like an impulse train... would need some kind of passive integrator circuit to make something a power supply could use for charging, I'd bet. Possibly a full-wave rectifier, followed by a passive integrator, followed by your charging circuit? Considering the outlandish fines being levied for something on the order of ten unlicensed copies of a song, being caught with a drone carrying hundreds or thousands would seem to overshadow electricity stealing fines. I like the solar-cell idea though. You know, you raise a pretty good point. I screwed up in the heat of the moment. I can go to great lengths to explain that the copyright/IP battle is uphill, and that every talking point parroted blindly and every baseless assertion made without logic is just more deadweight we have to work against, and that the (relative few) people trying to work for a better future can't afford to treat unsubstantiated remarks with anything less than full-on ridicule and insult. That's all well and good. But, really, this is about respect, and regardless of how I feel on the topic, I crossed a line in what is otherwise a place of civil discourse (and the occasional lighthearted troll). Thanks for calling me out on that. I feel really, really bad for all the coders and artists that contributed to that project over the past several years to have it all thrown away on those supremely lazy ending cutscenes. Wrong in two. The way to fight terrorism is to act kindly and justly, and to promote the racial welfare to the extent that everyone is happy and well fed enough that they don't go starting trouble. Also, you get productive enough that the occasional bouts of crazies can be ignored in the long-run--a suicide bomber can only kill once. Conversely, the way to fight a state such as you propose is to conduct the cheapest attacks possible while causing your enemy to expend lots of resources to fight an ill-defined threat, and to make public statements that are easy to flaunt and vilify. EDIT: by racial welfare I mean human race, not Caucasian or whatever damn fool distinctions little minds want to draw. Those standards are a pretty good read for anyone wanting to write good code in that language. To respond to your bullies bit: Not "reasoning" with the enemy is absurd--that's how eventually you conclude a conflict. How many wars have ended with the complete annihilation of one side? How many of those victors are regarded with anything other than disgust or shame nowadays? There is a very concrete point past which the cost of preventing an attack exceeds the damage inflicted by an attack. "Bullies" or "enemies" or whatever you want to call them can trivially exploit this for a civilization that cannot run numbers and face facts. I believe that I showed in another thread that the TSA alone has wasted human-life-equivalent years equivalent to the 9/11 attacks. On the schoolyard, in the pub, yes, you should stand up to bullies. But at a national level? As a civilization? You can't reason in the same way. So, with a clever use of a macro (and assuming you use reference-counted smart pointers or have another way of persisting variables at that time on the stack), you can totally make a fire-and-forget closure in C++. Our solution involved declaring inline classes with some minor stringification magic to guarantee uniqueness. No harm. :) If you want a good example of where they're useful, write the interpreter loop for a simple 3-byte wordsize VM. To expand on that, make an array of function pointers corresponding to your opcodes. Have the eval() function for a bytecode instruction use the first byte of the bytecode as the array index, and then call the function pointer at that position with the other two bytes as arguments. It's a pretty solid use case. Also, you're not strictly incorrect--the function pointer does "close over" the execution environment of the system at that time, though that's more a feature of C and globals and pointer arithmetic than anything else. ;) Well, we've hardly treated Latin America, most of the Middle East, or Iran fairly, now have we? There will always be relatively isolated wackos who want to cause damage to you, for real or perceived injustice. As long as you are not provoking a movement against you, it would seem that those can be considered random events which don't need to shape policy. Ah, a great shame. :( Yes, I suppose it doesn't, as you can't really freeze the execution state (or the relevant parts of it) for the use of the closure--e.g., somebody else can change the memory values before your code gets run and so you act on stale data. :( The nice thing about having a physical object is that I can hand it easily to someone else, I can destroy it, I can save it, and I can do all these things when my service provider has disconnected me. I'd like to chime in as one of the folks who was ardent in the defense of the possibility of the birdman and who turned out to be wrong. It's a shame that this ended up being faked instead of real, but I would like to point out to the community something before we all start talking about how easy people are to dupe, how easy it is for people to ignore reality for something they believe, and how some folks were right all along . The way the (original, I think?) thread went down was a mixture of claims that it was obviously fake, backed by some comments and notations basically of the variety of "It looks shooped, I can tell from some of the pixels." There was absurd amounts of unsubstantiated criticism, and very little criticism based on anything other than the video. There was not "this is fake, but technically feasible for these reasons." There was not "this is fake, and technically infeasible for these reasons." There was not "this is fake, and obviously infeasible for these reasons." The handful of attempts that people made to explain why it was physically impossible (beyond the mere statement of "lol y u no physics education") oftentimes ignored the claimed evidence and circumstances of the act (e.g., asserted manual power instead of assisted flight) or tried to base it on some weird analogy using the natural world (e.g., a bird's weight scales thus-and-such a way) or just plain appealed to authority (e.g., in the whole history of human flight we've never gotten this to work). There was an equally poor showing on the part of people arguing it was possible (I among them). Very few real numbers were pulled out, and more thorough analysis would've been appreciated. But, at the end of it, here's the core narrative we need to question: 1. Person does something seemingly impossible. 2. HN says it isn't possible, can't be possible, appealing solely at first to the video and the shooping . 3. HN minority tries to reason that it might be possible, is met with bad analogy and analysis. 4. Person turns out to be fake, lots of sorrow and/or "We were right!" Folks, we need to do a better job of 2 & 3. We can't just jump on things as impossible without doing the math, without doing the numbers. We need to be honest in our critiques, and distinguish between "impossible in general" and "impossible for this implementation". We don't judge our code by some of the pixels--why do you want to judge engineering writ large this way? (the inclusion of Ada and the dismissal of go as "not having objects" makes me question the author's wisdom) C++ is likely to be the language of the future, as it is getting to the point where you can pick a subset of the language and emulate your favorite other programming language and paradigms. This is not a good thing. So, before you rush off to dismiss C++, note a very important thing: With reference-counted smart pointers, you can guarantee that objects immediately go away once they leave scope, and that you can pass them around between threads without worrying too much about a thread forgetting to delete them. No other language has such easy support for doing something like that without relying on a background memory-management mechanism (at least that I'm aware of--I'd like to hear about it if you know one!). Out of curiosity, when does the GC happen there? Does Objective-C have strict enforcement of destruction-on-scope exiting? (not a Objective-C dev, so don't know) Yeah, one of the first things we fixed in our smart pointer implementation was to use atomic ops for the ref counters. This had the unfortunate side effect of excluding the smart pointer classes from our STL replacement (as it introduces a dependency on our low-level ops library), but in projects using both all is well. Cool on Rust, though! Thanks for the info! I'm still a little puzzled by the phrase "promptly"--you mean as soon as it goes out of scope, right? Like, immediately? Anyways, thank you for the information! Ref counting by itself is nothing new, agreed. The fact that I can reliably say when things go out of scope in C++, though, combined with ref counting, is quite handy. Interesting point about the cache invalidation, though. I wonder if we'll see chip vendors going out of their way to improve performance and invalidation when using atomic ops. Hm... interesting. Looks like we might want to expand our library to have RC with and without atomic ops--that way we can get some of the cleanness of scoped destruction when appropriate without having to go whole-hog ATOMIC RC INVALIDATE ALL THE THINGS when we can getaway with it. Thanks again folks! After looking at those I take back anything bad I ever said about Brainfuck (and also C++). Care to elaborate? Because, you know, he actually mentions in the article upping the delete quota for Warner Bros. They added a code minimap? "Why was there a "quota" at all?" The article suggests that Megaupload gave content owners such as Warner Bros. a mechanism for directly removing infringing links (and again, without being required to handle it in that fashion--this being a massive convenience for both parties). It would only seem natural that you'd want a way reigning in perhaps abusive usage of a delete/rm command. You know, is it just me, or does it seem like working as an engineer for one of the internet gambling/porn sites would be both more fulfilling and challenging than 90%+ of these hipster-social-twitterscape-search-blogomisation things? EDIT: why choose? cant i combine my love for vintage polaroid burlesque with modern erotic search engine optimization? Anyone here involved in the decision not to allow raw TCP/UDP/etc.? That would've really let us do some fun things. :) (I waned to write a self-hosting webpage, but WS doesn't get you there--the real-time communication stuff might, though.) The lego analogy is good, the Punch Buggy is not. Here's the thing: words (as opposed to physical violence) are very curious insofar as they can only hurt you as much as you let them. I'd suggest that it'd be better to try and cultivate thick skins, and to publicly shame or ignore people who are acting like idiots until they knock it off. Racism, sexism, genderism (is that even the right word?), and agism are all stupid biases, and by treating them like a valid threat instead of a silly self-limiting arbitrary preference we are doing well by no one. Because men clearly are not as invested in the possible rearing of a child. Clearly. (seriously: making a kid should be && not || ) You're welcome to do as you please, of course. Just acknowledge that, if it pleases you to be offended when somebody says something factually incorrect about you, well, by golly, you'll be offended. We cannot do anything by message passing (especially on the internet) that directly and unstoppably changes the mental state of another person--they must read it, and then become offended or not. This is trivially shown to be true. You don't throw a system out on the 'net without hardening it--even well-meaning applications can cause problems if you don't. Similarly, even well-meaning messages can cause people distress if they allow them to; it's better just to have thicker skin and deal with the unrepentant troublemakers by ignoring them or correcting them. Erm, I think there may have been a bit of a misunderstanding in my attempt at some dry humor. :( I intended to imply disagreement with your claim, mostly due to the one-sided nature of it (as my parent reply suggested). I imagine the downvotes are due to the fact that your phrasing seems to imply that the male should have no say in the matter. It's not that women should not have control over the process (perhaps even most of it), but that both parties need to have the ability to say, finally and without being overruled, "no this will not result in a child." That was the purpose of my comment, it should be a (she->wantsChild() && he->wantsChild()) makeChild(); not (she->wantsChild() || he->wantsChild()) makeChild(); sort of deal. EDIT: "Its as if most people think that the pill would have been as revolutionary if it were for men instead of women." I think you've hit it right on the head here, though. The advent of the pill allowed for equality of sexes in the manner suggested above. Had it been for men, I don't think it would've changed much at all. However, now that that is the case, we've kind of got a situation where women can choose to have relations without getting pregnant regardless of what their partner is doing, whereas for men the options are both limited and uncomfortable. A woman on the pill can have sex without protection (though there are obvious caveats, of course, know/trust your partner, etc. etc.) and still be assured of results, whereas for a man he pretty much has to either be wearing a condom (uncomfortable) or have had a vasectomy. This would be another round of equalization, better for everyone. Oh, no, I absolutely appreciate that. I'm just saddened that lower-level stuff isn't exposed. Even just TCP access and listening would be great to have--especially as raw TCP connections are pretty much the standard transport exposed for HTTP (please correct me if I'm wrong in this assumption). I'm not suggesting that it would be foolproof for consumer applications or what have you--but being able to write something like netcat in javascript for my browser would be pretty cool. We can (and should!) address directly and harshly things like pay discrimination and sexual harassment (ill-defined though that may be). The writeup in the news article you cite doesn't really address either the rigor or testing circumstances of things--I'd be hesitant to take it as gospel. (minor note: the article you refer to is available at http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18056796 but is behind a pay wall) Several years would still give you nine or ten under copyright. Anyways, if you can't move product in a few years, you should be trying something new. Honestly, how many people would that be? How many great works were produced by old folks starting for the first time? That's a pretty classic calculation, yeah? Stephen King books are bestsellers, generally, even if only for a few years. Especially when distributed digitally, it becomes no great burden to make hay for the final years of the author's life. I was addressing the claim that no publisher would touch an old novelist because they might die--that makes no sense in the case of established, well-selling authors, and makes no difference in the case of most first-time geriatric novelists. Nobody is going to take these issues seriously until there is some emotional sting. We've known for years about the uses of Big Data (good and bad), and people still cheerfully fork over mining rights of their life story to third parties to click cows and exchange pictures. Frankly, link-bait titles and apps like this are the only way the majority of folks are ever going to figure out that, hey, maybe this isn't such a hot idea. If you read his conclusion (I know, that's a lot of words down there, but do try to manage the slog!) you see that he advocates downloading the app and showing it off to people to help them realize what's going on. Where did you get the "white knight" business from? There's no excuse for not being able to make a game of at least Counterstrike quality anymore. Our tools have come so far, and our computers have become so cheap, that the barrier to entry to making a solid, fun, good-looking game is removed. Gone. Poof! All you need to do is be willing to learn and stubborn enough to execute, and you'll make it. And you know what else? We need this. We need hordes of little velociraptor indies to outbreed and outsell publishers. We need the bloated megacorp AbstractGameFactorys to die. We need to free up the IP, we need to encourage genuine risk-taking and technological progress, and we need to do our damnedest to kill off these fuckers before they irrecoverably damage the market and the gamers. I am saddened by the fact that I cannot disagree with your assessment. So, notice that I said Counterstrike (the original Half-Life mod), not CS:S--mostly made by two dudes at the start. Note also that we need to solve the art asset production problem--look at sites like cgtextures or similar for stabs at this. Look at procedural content and better tools like Unity. Those are some examples of how we can make assets cheaper and artists' lives easier. As for trying to be an indie... job in progress (check my profile). (Thanks! We're banking pretty heavily on assisted procedural content!) I'm genuinely curious how much "polish" is actually needed and required by gamers. My theory is that publishers have push the market to the point where games are very similar (not a bad thing in and of itself, but not inaccurate either) and so the differentiating factor for driving sales and advertising is visuals. That being the case, the increasingly far end of the tail of visual fidelity is being mined heavily, and "polish" is getting more and more and more expensive. So, I think that you can get by on pretty solid gameplay and alright polish without needing to get a publisher to fund you--after all, it was their business model that made it so expensive to start with. Does that seem like a reasonable conclusion? How can I get a ticket to the magical land of milk and honey you come from, where C++ performs well on all architectures without extra work? As other posters have mentioned, weird processors (notably freaks like the Cell) can require a lot of knowledge of the instruction set and chip quirks (see http://www.insomniacgames.com/category/research-development/ for a lot of good info on this), even requiring you to throw away your nice virtual object hierarchies and things to make the SPUs happy ( http://www.insomniacgames.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/GDC... ). Also, just because a compiler targets an architecture doesn't mean that it can optimize code for it worth a damn. EDIT: oh god it may even lie about its program counter ( http://www.insomniacgames.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/gdc... ) A fun read, and most of the problem seems to be repesented in this subthread ( http://lwn.net/Articles/489747/ ). A sample: "To what end? If you want the experience of running Windows or MacOS, and you're happy with proprietary software, then there a a couple of perfectly decent ways of getting those experiences. I run Linux because of the things it does differently - we don't need another Mac OS, we have one already." This is why everyone laughs at Linux folks when they complain/hope-for Linux On The Desktop (For Real This Time!). :) Room, yes--patronage, no. The vast majority of users don't care about the sort of crap even really friendly distros (#!, Mint, Ubuntu) make you wade through. They literally want--and have come to expect--"push button, receive app." I'd suggest that the Linux community either decide that they need to create a compelling, modern UX (and in so doing acknowledge that things like package management and security are really bikesheds as far as users are concerned), or they need to decide that they are an elite operating system and should optimize for retaining and helping their users (and in so doing stop with stupid UI decisions that break conventions and alienate existing users). I don't care whether Linux goes mainstream or totally elitist, but the current compromise is this awkward kid at a party who is no fun to be around for the popular kids and who is hated by his old D&D buddies for snubbing them. See, now this is how you promote something like this without coming off as a tool. Well done! Well, seeing as how it's 16-bit: 0x0000 0x0001 0x0002 ... That help? That's cute and all, but there's a difference between starting a business to solve problems and make the world better, and starting a business to convince people to buy shit they don't need to feel better about their lives. Why was this posted? This appears to be just some misc. community drama--especially since it doesn't even link the inciting article/rant/whatever. EDIT: No, really, after a few rereadings... the title has nothing to do with Javascript, nothing to do with hacking, and nothing useful to contribute to the conversation (which it barely defines). Flagged. Thank you for your inciteful and well-reasoned argument. Care to elaborate? That's not the problem here, and please don't start off on that tangent. EDIT: I can't take away the downvote, but thank you for expanding on your point. :) And indeed it was said, in many threads! A lot of those articles, at least, seemed to directly address the conversation of gender politics in the industry, and as far as I saw the ones that stuck around tended to be labelled fairly obviously as such. In all honestly, I was expecting a language war or something similar--instead, I get some random set of bullet points about Prop 8 and a dumb spat between two JS devs. The author didn't even have the courtesy to provide a transcript or fabricated/biased retelling of the events. So, no, that's not a fair comparison. Out of curiosity, do you happen to have a published account of Eich's reasoning on supporting Prop 8? Or are you just, you know, being as irrationally intolerant as the people who gaybash? A firearm sitting in a shelf doesn't magically go off and cause injury. People handling firearms without proper care cause accidents. Hacking tools on disk don't break things. People handling hacking tools break things. "Nevertheless, plenty of people are willing to forego those benefits in the case of firearms; why not the same for hacking tools?" Those people legislate firearms out of fear and mistrust and insecurity...why should they be allowed to rule on hacking tools? Nah, you've called it. That's how it'll go down. I'd imagine just having a compressed air line run over to the workbench would be sufficient. Yank chassis, pull card, blow out oil, replace card, replace chassis. "1. Where are those bug searching tools used?" Microsoft has some good static code analysis tools ( http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/gg712340 ), for a start. "3. Apple clearly is doing this too." They seem more concerned about not letting users jailbreak their devices than anything else. "Windows clearly has decent technical code-signing infrastructure, but Apple seems far ahead in terms of effectively deploying this model into the field." "Far ahead"? How do you justify that claim? Most charitably, it seems that both companies work on security. Of the two, Microsoft seems to have better documentation, better openness, and better tools. Aaaaand that's why they've added these ops. Note that it took a while (> decade) to really find out that these features were reasonable to assume support for. :) Would anyone here be interested in a shim to play with this stuff before the compiler vendors add support? We've got a library that mirrors a lot of this functionality really closely already. "You've turned something that's a person's fault into something that's the language's fault." Out of curiosity, where do you side on the C-is-an-unsafe-evil-language-because-of-pointers debate? "You've turned something that's a person's fault into something that's the language's fault." Out of curiosity, where do you side on the C-is-an-unsafe-evil-language-because-of-pointers debate? "You should never have error reporting turned off." Ha. Ha ha. Ha ha ha. Tell me more about maintenance programming and legacy production systems. Our library is mainly focused on cross-platform (Windows, Linux, OSX, Solaris, etc.) and developer ergonomics (Good documentation, orthognal and clean features, descriptive names, etc.). But yes, I do agree with your first paragrpah. And we're always open to friendly emails--see profile for contact info. HPD generally gives no fucks, sorry about that. :( Maybe it was one of the little townships that still refuses to integrate into the ever-expanding maw of Houston (think West U area)? The stuff on our site (see profile) is pretty well documented in the .h files... our next release (hopefully in a week or two) will offer something like MSDN-style overview pages along with detailed function docs. Really wish there was something like rdoc for C code--and no, Doxygen is fugly and fail. Congratulations on a cool project! There seem to be a lot of people here who are wondering why you bothered doing this instead of buying/renting/paying for some other solution. I'd suggest quietly acknowledging their points, and then going back to working on cool things. Be an engineer. Be a problem-solver. Be a thinker. Don't worry about some magical valuation of your time and how learning to roll-your-own is just cowboy development--that's bullshit the suits will feed you to try and make you reliant on their capital. Do the hard things, and you'll go far. (oh, and look into em-websockets...some cool stuff there if you don't want to mess with a full Rails deployment) Sir, you have fantastic moves. :) About UX: that's an issue for the designers, yeah? I imagine the wheel-reinvention should be left to your engineers. In general, I'd agree with you delegation is a good idea, but if you look at the site for the OP, it's a hackathon site. My assumption is that daraosn is more on the dev side of the dev-biz spectrum. It's really counterproductive and harmful to the dev ecosystem to keep pointing out that whatever we're working on, well, it already exists, and we just have to pay for it and move on. That's just my opinion, mind you, but I hope some share it. At the end of the day, we already have operating systems. And web stacks. And programming languages. Anything you pick, anything at all you use for your business, has probably been done before and probably better. We stand on the shoulders of giants. That said, it's important sometimes to reinvent the wheel. It's important to scratch tech itches, even if your biz guys are breathing down your neck and trying to convince you that you're wasting time and investor money. The big problem I have, as a developer, is that there are a lot of paid services to solve problems. But, sometimes, they don't work, or they have bad APIs, or they get acquired and go away. Moreover, every time I outsource part of my stack, I'm reinforcing to the biz guys "Hey, us devs? Yeah, we're just cogs. Find somebody else to replace my sliver of logic integrating all these off-the-shelf APIs. I'm not really that important." How much progress in tech has been made by people reinventing the wheel? Great work on the web emulator! So--and forgive my ignorance here--is there actually a spec up for things like hardware interrupts, IDTs, trap vectors, whatever? This all seems of limited utility until we know how the machine is actually structured. I cannot recommend this book highly enough. It's got a lot of great insight into how to reason about low-level issues, but Abrash (who is now a programmer at Valve, I think; first in the credits for Portal 2) isn't just a cranky assmebly hacker. He recognizes when problems are better solved at a higher level, and tells the reader as much in several amusing chapters. Also, the man's a fucking beast: http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,21... Are they any good? EDIT: Honest question... didn't mean to come off wrong there. :( We recently finished approximately one metric fuckton of unit tests for the next release of some of our libraries, and I tend to agree very strongly that a library must be well-tested. A problem that we ran into, though, is exactly what to test. The biggest basic distinction we ran into was testing to verify interface integrity (i.e., does this do what it says in the header documentation, pursuant to declared constraints and so on) as opposed to implementation integrity (does my ringbuffer properly move around elements, does my array resize move my elements, etc.). The former is very useful to ensure that the library is good for users, the latter of course is much better for testing that changes to the containers don't do something stupid. It's under the GPL, not the AGPL. Provided that you're using it as a web platform, why would this end up being a big deal? The client has your source anyways, right, in the form of client-side JS? Also, have you talked to them? Like, actually written an email? Maybe it's not so bad. If you haven't even figured out your revenue stream you probably are prematurely optimizing choice of license. Besides, you could still make use of it for prototyping and figuring out better your product requirements. Don't be lazy. Throw out a price. Oh that would be glorious. I'd pay good money to see that hammer fall. Here's the talk in question: http://the-witness.net/news/2011/06/how-to-program-independe... In a course I took junior year of college, my project partner (now cofounder) and I worked on a zombie outbreak simulation game. Towards the height of the project, we were probably tearing up and laying down a thousand lines of code a day, keeping in touch over the phone and fixing build errors and weird behavior. Years later, I can't look at that code without wanting to gouge out my eyes. It makes me physically sick. That said, it worked and worked well for the task at hand. Game programming is weird like that, and Blow's talk has a section where he talks about the relative merits of dumb structures and algorithms for developers that just have to get the thing to work. It's an interesting perspective. Hm. Tell me more about Unreal script and its interpreter. Tell me more about the Source and Gold Source engine. Tell me more about Flash & Scaleform. The fact is, if it ships and runs reasonably well, nobody gives a damn if you are running bogosort every frame. That's the great (and terrible!) thing about game programming. And, really, on the PC at least, the hardware is so stupidly overpowered for most things that you can get away with heinous algorithms and overengineered/underspecced systems. I know this, because web developers do it every day. :) We love to bash it because it's shit. Also, to answer your question: Java, C#/Mono. Isn't it strange how, whenever that phrase or something similar is transmitted, inevitably drama ensues? Flagged. Look, folks, this article's sole relevance to HN is that it involves Kickstarter's banning policies. There's no coding, no real startupy stuff--just a ban on the premier crowdfunding site. Unfortunately, any meaningful discussion of said ban requires we better understand the events leading up to the ban. That in turn requires more information than we are likely to get, and certainly more unbiased information than is available. Without that information, we can't usefully discuss Kickstarter, we can't really discuss how to handle a case like this (as we wouldn't know what the case is like, exactly), and we sure as hell can't learn anything useful. With that information (let us pretend it is even attainable), all we are doing is spelunking internet drama and finding a weird edge case that frankly is most easily solved by a blanket banhammer. I appreciate that Kickstarter may be in the wrong. I also appreciate that the "victim" here apparently has several pseudonyms(annoying) and is arguably a troll/drama queen/lulzcow/whatever. The point is, we don't need to waste any time on this. This is dumb internet shit--boot it out. I honestly don't care if you can provide his social security number. Can you please not drag this crap into Hacker News? (also, good god, how many aliases do you have...) (I don't know if you are a sockpuppet, but I do know you clearly haven't been around very long. Don't act surprised at accusations of sockpuppetry.) Frankly, I'm inclined to believe those other people are wrong--as I've sketched out elsewhere, there is quite obviously nothing productive here that we can discuss. We lack useful information, we lack unbiased info, and all we can do is rage for one side or the other while producing nothing other than noise. "If someone approaches those with the know-how to help, asking for help, and are summarily told to fuck off, who then should they turn to?" They probably should've thought of that prior to pissing off people. You know the great thing about the internet? We have the unique opportunity to deal with people on an equal (mostly) footing. Your damsel in distress? "Rachel", or whatever his/her/its name is? They can go to the same resources we all have, they can learn about the same subjects as we have, and uniquely empower themselves with the same know-how we have. Even better, they can clutter up HN with threads asking for that information, without ever having to mention why they need it . Isn't that great? Isn't that productive? Or, you know, they can waste our collective cycles trying to find somebody else to pull into their drama vortex. Funny thing about meritocracies--if you lack merit, yeah, you are expected to fuck right off. Hell, if you really want vigilante justice, go try and summon the /b/astards and goons from SA. HN is not for dumb shit like this. "So, please, try to take a long view on this issue, even if Rachel can be kind of a drama queen." Don't insult us by trying to conflate internet policy with what can help out your friend (?). The long view is that every time we get others involved in petty drama, we waste their time. Every time we stoop to engage with people who clearly get off on trolling us, we encourage them. The internet is an anarchy, yes, and that's what's so great about it. And you know what? Maybe Rachel should consider taking a breather, or not replying to trolls, or maybe just trying to get along and be a friendly person regardless of some people being dicks. I imagine that having a solid set of system libraries, useful abstractions, and a fixed ABI helps a great deal. That's the price for living in a civilization that provides enough safety for having a source of reliable income, and a market to spend it in. Not that the US government is really doing a good job allocating that price or spending the proceeds, mind you, but please don't go all "MAH TAX DOLLAHS". You must be a hit at parties. I know this, because you sure as hell aren't spending that time doing something useful and worthwhile. EDIT: [REDACTED] EDIT2: In hindsight, probably not nice to make fun of somebody's product. I know I wouldn't appreciate it. Rails is a small hobby--day job is paying the bills with Java. I mostly hack C and C++, graphics, games, containers, tests--take your pick, coffee and pistols for two at dawn. :) What sort of issues did you observe with concurrency and Smalltalk? There were several other things the author mentioned--though I will admit I found that first part of the first reason somewhat silly. The thing is, you really ought to expose yourself and at least play around in other languages. No language (except, perhaps, APL, assembly, Forth, Lisp, or Prolog [not that there exists a standard variant of the last two]) is perfect. Every language does some things really well, other things really poorly, and muddles through the rest. Being familiar with other helps you know when your language of choice might need to call out to something better suited to your problem domain. Wonderful quote from the article: "(This concept may be foreign to some traditional government space contractors that seem to believe that cost overruns should be the responsibility of the taxpayer.)" Well, let's be honest then. If you don't contribute to the projects, if you don't spread your knowledge, if you don't give away your source... ...what good are you? What have you done? How are you anything other than a consumer of other people's work and knowledge? "Where did I ever say that I didn't do those things?" meet "Just because I don't do these things, it does not mean I'm not a passionate programmer." I apologize if I incorrectly read your statement. As for passion: I mean, a lot of people are passionate about Jesus, and are passionate about the Chicago Bears, and are passionate about Jersey Shore. That doesn't mean that they're doing anything genuinely useful . The problem here is that it isn't enough to be passionate. You have to be doing Good--and if you look at my original wording, that was very much what I asked (albeit with poor capitalization): what Good are you? Again, if all you do is dump code into the maw of some proprietary system without writing about it or trying to share your knowledge or give away your tools, well, you haven't really helped anyone who isn't a user of your project, right? Don't get me wrong--I'm not saying, "Hey, to hell with your kids, we've got commits to make!". I actually got hammered pretty hard a while back for defending the stance of fathers telling VCs/bosses/etc. to fuck off when asked to choose between family and code. That's the right thing to do. But, there is a real problem, right? We can't really judge a person by anything other than their programming value--and the vast majority of us, here on HN, are only somewhat qualified to do that much. Even in a seemingly simple case such as whether or not we should ascribe personal value to somebody who has had kids, we can't assign value easily. Do they support their kids? Do they beat their kids? If yes, is it for good reason? If yes again, how often do they beat them? Even something as seemingly clear-cut as that is a transparent as mud. Are they homosexual? Are they polyamorous? Are they racist? Are they sexist/genederist? Are they a fan of classical music? Do they play an instrument? Do they like the Yankees? All of that is stupidly subjective in terms of valuation. Why bother? Programming, though--and more particularly, how they contribute to the community of programmers--is something that we can at least try to reason about. Something we can attempt to quantify (and yes, you can game lines of code, you can gain commit counts, etc.). Lastly, note the attitude of the ancestral post: "I'll never put in 80 hours in a week for you. I'm sorry, but there are more important things in life than programming. Maybe I'll never be the best programmer, but I think I'll be a better person." That's a little high-and-mighty, yes? Didn't even bother to qualify "more important things in life than programming". There are, but that was an unsupported statement that we can't expect anyone who values programming above all else to agree with. The "better person" bit, too--better than whom? Themselves having chosen to value programming more? Us, the hapless codemonkeys who see a chance to make progress for everyone? Who? I don't begrudge people that are punchclock coders. If you ignore what I do outside of my day job (which admittedly is secondary to my startup efforts), I qualify--and I come in late and leave early! What I cannot stand, however, are people that make unsubstantiated claims, that come off as holier-than-thou, and that seem to be unable to grasp that they can insult a whole group of people without meaning to. So, in regards to fighterjets and things at least... I've heard (and I'd love to hear whether or not this sounds reasonable) that one of the big problems is that you'll source a part like a resistor, ASIC, or something, and then for whatever reason it'll get changed--maybe a cheaper part became available and you were forced to use the cheaper part, maybe the part is no longer in production and has to be switched out, maybe the part just failed to function correctly. The effect of this, of course, is that you have to redo all of your integration testing and verification work, and for something like a 6-month endurance test on an avionics box this just plain takes a lot of time and money. I'm not sure that my friend was accurate, but it seems reasonable to me that that kind of thing could cause big delays. Here, let's do better. Apple has something like $100bn in cash reserves. Like, cash on hand ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/2012/mar/19/100-bill... ). Think about that. I think I agree with you--and I don't really have an answer either. It's hard business all around. :( The interesting thing to me is that, by the time we need it, we likely will not be able to do it. That's why it's important to take the long view. "It's like language. You can't own words but you can definitely steal the ideas conveyed by words from someone else and that shouldn't be okay. " Why's that a bad thing? If the idea is lifted wholesale, it's usually easy to see where it came from, and if it is used as a basis for remixing/tweaking, value has been added. In either event, the world is a richer place. What's wrong with sharing? "This is just mind blowing to me. These are endeavors normally left to nation states. There's something buried in here that I find fascinating." One wonders if the rise of markets, global communication, etc., have rendered the nation state somewhat obsolete. In theory, we still depend on our governments for things like public works, for ensuring peace, for promoting justice, and protecting personal property. These are things that we believe corporations would be ill-suited for. And yet, in practice, at least in the United States and in the PIGS of Europe--we see that hey, holy shit, they've dropped the ball in a lot of cases. I'm willing to wager that we wouldn't be too much worse off with a different system. Note: I take this position not in support of our new corporate overlords, but out of the necessity born from the realities of our government. If our government actually helped the public, actually had a legal system that worked justly and fairly, and actually did Good, I'd shun the amorality of the free market. But it doesn't, so I can't. The nice things about nobility (and by extension, dictatorships) is that the buck stops with one person. You can get what you need by having one decree (at least until their mind changes). By extension, you can fix a problem by killing/overthrowing one person. The truly scary thing about both governments and corporations is that they are remarkably resilient power structures. Consider: would removing/jailing/prosecuting the entire board of directors/C-level officers of a company truly kill it? Could it just be taken over? Would its property, patents, IP, employees, etc. become public property, or just food for another entity? It's pretty terrifying, actually. I, erm, appreciate your attitude. That said, what is so special about you folks? Business-wise, I mean? I don't care if my website is hosted by queer folks. I don't care if my payments are processed by dwarves. I don't even care if my favorite news sites are generated by python scripts. I care that they work, I care that they help me do my thing, and I care that they're cheaper for the value they provide than competitors. Why do you believe that transpeople need to focus on anything other than being the best at what they do (and that is running a business, hacking code, design or engineering--not being transpeople)? It's like a Y combinator, but straighter? EDIT: Because, you see, if you straighten out the arms of the Y, it turns into a T. Nevermind. It was a dumb joke. The serious answer is because it's a Trans-friendly YCombinator. I think. Hey, come on now, be constructive in your criticisms. Try to help them suss out a business model/market fit instead of just poking fun. "But the idea of altering human sexuality with surgery is extremely recent, and I am unaware of any precedent in nature (feel free to correct me)." Eunuchs have been around for quite some time. Pretty awesome FUD here. Ben (the author) was a hack when he wrote game articles on Ars Technica--glad to see he hasn't given up on the muckraking. EDIT: To elaborate, he makes one good point--you need a good pitch to expect funding on kickstarter. The bulk of his argument, though, seems to stem on a conversation about how there is no way you can make a game for less than X, where X is some arbitrarily impossible-to-obtain value for indies. This is mealy-mouthed repetition of the same garbage that publishers want devs to believe. The problem I see is that I can either get the service from the best of the set of transpeople, or from the set of people who offer the service (of which the former is a subset). I'm unsure that choosing gender identity as a defining factor is going to help anyone market themselves as the best--especially when there are significant social biases in place. First, I'm pretty sure that comparing the plight of the differently-gendered to that of slaves is somewhat absurd. Second, your comic is open to interpretation: In the first panel, the white and black are at the same level, with the black enchained. In the last panel, the white is up one level and the black is free. So, clearly, the sum situation has improved for both parties. Where's the problem? Again, please don't interpret what I've said as "Hey, fuck governments, let's all place our safety in the hands of the free market!" I merely mean to point out that the idea that governments are the solely-enabled providers of the Good is being threatened by the advent of enabling technologies and poor precedent set by governments themselves. Wrong in one. That type of thinking is why the GIMP has been a painful program to use. Don't let the best be the enemy of the good. It's funny, because we had this in the mid-90s. And by funny, I mean sad. Replied to above. We don't really need anything new in this space, though. We need a free/open Photoshop clone. We need a direct, one-to-one monkey copy of Adobe's product. We don't need flights of fancy, we don't need to retrain existing users of image manipulation programs, we don't need to experiment. Adobe already has all the legwork done for us--the answer looks a hell of a lot like Photoshop and its interface. There is zero--ZERO--reason to try to come up with a new interface when there is a perfectly good one in existence that just happens to be poorly distributed. The place where GIMP has screwed up (and Blender and the like along with them) is in not parroting exactly the common tools in the ecosystem. There are weird programs (Wings 3D, Paint.NET, etc.) that are able to significantly depart from conventions, mostly because they have very narrowly-defined functionality (something I don't believe anyone would ever accuse the GIMP of). The GIMP developers should either focus on making a monkey copy (and ignoring everything else until feature/UX parity is achieved), or stop working on the project entirely so they can do something else for a while. Once the monkey copy is done, then innovate. Until then, stop wasting time with things nobody cares about. I used the GIMP as my primary art asset creation tool for several years. It was miserable. The filters and procedural image generation stuff was awesome, but everything else was at best hard to use. Eventually I switched to Photoshop because it was a (comparatively) clean, tight tool with all the bullshit removed. I've used Wings3D to do static meshes for over five years. It's very, very, very good at the type of modeling that it does--and miserable for anything else. But for UV pelt mapping, for box modeling, for those sorts of tasks? It shines like a diamond. It's got probably the most minimal interface I've ever seen on a modeling program and, despite a few oddities, probably the most discoverable/fastest. I agree that GIMP will always be a bizarre of features. The thing is that, while Photoshop may not be the pinnacle of UX, it's familiar to everyone in the space. It has issues in the UI, but nothing that can't be overcome fairly quickly and nothing that is a gamebreaker. For design wanks, yeah, you could probably improve it. You then lose the overtraining, though. You also might screw up. You end up trying to develop a moving target. For a productivity tool, I don't want imagination. I want excellent execution of a proven design. Only in magical fairy pixie land does it pay to reinvent the wheel to be slightly rounder on a tool everyone already knows well. As I mentioned elsewhere: don't let the best be the enemy of the good-enough. "Sorry, but need to ask - are you trying to troll here?" No more than GIMP has trolled me. : ) First, look at the toolbar. Instead of folding the tools into categories as PS does, they throw it all out there. This is clunky and dumb. There is no reason to have 30+ icons on the toolbar. Photoshop has many more features, and yet doesn't manage to clutter up the interface with them ( see http://www.designlessbetter.com/blogless/wp-content/uploads/... ). Second, if I close the toolbox pallette, GIMP closes. What the hell is this? Third, right-clicking on the canvas gives me the same tools as the menubar. This tells me that one of the two is superfluous. Oh, and some of the options are duplicated yet again on the toolbox pallette. So, make that three. Huh. I can also click the upper-lefthand corner of the canvas to get the same menu. Four. Four ways. Fourth, at least the tool options are layed out--oh, no, no they aren't. There isn't a fast-access tool menu along the top of the screen, and the dialog is coded to not reflow reasonably when positioned there. Fifth, the goofy mascot is leering at me over the top of the toolbox pallette, as if to dare me and try to make sense of the tool. Sixth, the scrollwheel doesn't seem to be used, so why not have it zoom in and out? Nope, not done. Instead, it scrolls up and down. Useless. The devs let us drag the canvas with middle-click, but no scroll zoom. Seventh, color tools are duplicated (yet again) between the Colors menu and the Tools->Color tools menu. Derp. Eigth, there is both a Layer->Transform menu and a Image->Transform menu. Acessible from something like three different places. So, six redundant menus? I don't even know what the fuck. Ninth, why are Edit and Select different menus? Even PS doesn't do this. Tenth, why do Colors->Map and Filters->Map have different mapping options? They're the same? I think they used to be together? I could go on, but it's giving me brain cancer. ~ I'm not just trolling. The GIMP is an accidentally useful sprawl of bad design. The fact that you have managed for a decade to use it for anything is much more a credit to your skill/persistence/stubborness than any redeeming qualities it has. It's had a good run, but now we need to move on. Pax americana, friend. What're you afraid of? "Horizontal lines"...? What? No, I'm saying that the toolbox palette is cluttered and takes up more space and is less usable than the PS equivalent. "This is a limitation of the Operating System," is not actually a limitation of the operating system. All you do is create an invisible root window that handles events for your application, and then all your visible windows are children of it. Or any of several other solutions. Most of the rest of your points go back to defending duplicated functionality. This is bad design. There is no reason to apologize for that--it's just a failure. It should be redone. As for the mapping--at least for "alien map", those used to be in the same plugins menu. This is a regression. The thing about software and engineering is that it isn't like singing--you aren't stuck in your range. You don't have to grow comfortable and complacent. The wonderful thing about learning to program and engineer is that you can, on any day, pack up your bags and head to the new frontier and makes friends, and soon you'll be a part of that community too until it's time to move on. It's liberating. "Any privacy you have today is purely through obscurity." That is, indeed, the definition of privacy. Good show. "The reality today is if you want it hidden, don't do it, or hope no one ever has a reason to care if you did it." Yes, because there is never a time when I might want to do something that others might not want me to. Say, stand up for my rights, for what's good, for what's unpopular. Don't be a fucking imbecile. Come, come, surely this would never be a concern. Don't ruin the poor kid's delusions. give me five minutes in photoshop and ten minutes on reddit you will soon have a fish Here, let's try it on somebody we should all recognize: https://www.divio.ch/github/u/dhh/ Welp. Huh. Looks like the creator of Rails isn't getting an internship. Well played sir or madam! "With salaried employees rewards are capped." Now, this might surprise you, but working on cool projects can be its own reward. Your utility metric is flawed. "I don't buy the idea that most of the employees at valve don't want to dominate all the projects and their coworkers. It is exactly the same anywhere." Did you perchance get your worldview from anime? Really? This might also surprise you, but a lot of well-functioning folks don't care about petty politics as much as doing cool stuff. The next person that claims that C++ is a good language is getting a link to this. Yes, I program my projects in C++. No, it is not okay. "But you can run a software business without knowing how to write a lick of code." Perhaps, but can you start a successful one? I'm guessing, no. "I know, because I've done it " What have you done, out of curiosity? "He can be replaced, as can the programmer." That's because he's a technician. When you're starting a business, you don't want technicians. Put differently, I can't even guarantee that my program finishes compiling. That's dumb. Brainfuck is Turing-complete too, you know. It's not a good language either. Let's not be silly here. If it weren't for VCs doing all the hard work, what would ever ship? Erm, is this real support, or just more cribbing from Mesa? C'mon, Notch, even Apollo supported interrupts: http://www.ibiblio.org/apollo/hrst/archive/1678.pdf "It is first appropriate to briefly describe the Apollo Guidance Computer (AGC). This processor is a general purpose, sequential, digital machine. Its word length is 16 bits including parity. The random access memory consists of 2048 words of destructive, read-write memory, called erasable, and 36,864 words of non- destructive read-only memory called fixed memory. The memor’y cycle time (MCT) is slightly less than 12 microseconds, with two MCI’s required to execute an add and four MCTs to execute a multiply. As is typical of real-time control computers, this machine has a set of special input-output channels with which it controls the spacecraft and observes the state of its environment. The interrupt structure consists of ten program interrupts with associated priorities, which are used for program control transfers. In addition, twenty-six counter interrupts with associated priorities allow for input-output servicing. The instruction set consists of forty-two regular instructions and nine involuntary instructions. Figure 1 indicates the number and diversity of systems with which the AGC interacts" EDIT: Apparently, as of six or so hours ago, Notch has implemented cutting-edge 1970s technology ( http://dcpu.com/highnerd/dcpu16_1_3.txt ). :) Interesting bit from the end of the article: "This isn’t just bad news for Shaw. Because his company is in the red, he has been unable to pull together the financing he needs to expand his factory in Little Elm. So he has partnered with Chinese companies, which put up money to build assembly lines in China in return for permission to produce his syringes for the Chinese market. When his patents do run out, the Chinese manufacturers will be the ones poised to bring his technology to the world market, meaning all the jobs and economic benefits that could have gone to the local residents will instead go to the people of Gansu Province. " Goddamnit. Some reasons: 1. Everyone has a C compiler, or can write a decent-enough one to support their preferred environment. 2. C is well tested and specified. Reading the standard isn't an exercise is face melting (compare with, say, C++). 3. As a systems language, C doesn't require a runtime library if not needed, and this can be left out very easily (not the case with Go, D, or C++, as I'm aware). 4. C exposes easy trapdoors to the underlying machine (inline assembly, pointers, etc.) that are very handy. 5. C is usable by other languages, as its calling conventions are well documented. This is why C is a preferred base language for things like OpenGL bindings--it's easy to write Ruby, Pyhton, Java, etc. wrappers. This is in sharp contrast to C++, which is brainfucked for things like symbol exports. 6. A line of C is pretty obvious in what it does, when written correctly. You can usually estimate what code it'll generate, barring #define hackery. C++ especially is bad at this. ~ C is still used because it doesn't do a lot, and it nails what it does do. I'm really sorry, but I have to ask... do you perchance work for a game development firm in Washington? Perhaps the most unforgivable thing you've done here is forced me to weigh in on the side of javert. >:( If you cannot separate political policies from military ones, you cannot pretend to argue usefully about this. "I only recognize that a distinction could exist when we restrict the discussion to conscripted armies." You need to further elaborate on this, because one easy interpretation is that you have no idea how to reason about volunteer armies. I'm not going to even go into more esoteric arguments about how "volunteer" anything actually is--just consider that the military does not (except in some bizzaro world some people seem to want to live in) spontaneously go to war. The politicians guide policies, the politicians set agendas, and declare wars and deploy troops (for our sake here, I consider the President in the politician camp). (I'll also argue that things like what the CIA/Homeland Sec. do that require drones and such are wrong, so save it.) It is wrong to inflict injury on another human being (we could argue this, but let's not). That said, surgeons cut to good effect, police detain suicide attempts, and bouncers eject unruly patrons. We can argue that harm is being done in all those cases, but to good effect. More to the point, though, javert is saying that the military deserves praise in terms of how effective/professional they are, and you did not disagree beyond saying that the divide between politics and force was beyond you. You cannot with a straight face tell me that you refuse to agree that the (American) military is due praise for their ability due to their given directions--while at the same time participating in this community here on HN. Tell me, what is the cost of pushing consumerism and advertising on people? What is the cost of buying the latest and greatest smartphone? What is the cost of the shinier, faster computer? What is the cost of developing games and amusements to distract and destroy manhours of productivity? What is the cost of datamining to circumvent privacy and better target ads? Of streamlining sharing of information about friends who wouldn't do so themselves? So, please, by all means, criticize those dumb sociopaths in the military--but hold yourself to the same goddamn standard when talking about the majority of your fellow hackers! "When this army got it's ass kicked and left with it's tail between its legs a few years later, leaving those farmers to live their own lives as they chose to, did our society come crashing down?" You are seriously undereducated on this. Were you born this stupid, or did you put effort into it? At the very least, go read about how the war was actually executed, and to what degree politicians influenced military decisions (where to bomb, etc.). Read about the push to let natives do more of the fighting, and read about how shitty the South Vietnamese government was. There were a lot of factors involved, and few of them were failures of the military. You are certainly welcome to your opinion, but it's unfortunate that you seem so heavily defined by your tools (especially when they aren't even one's you've written). "Qualified candidates will have at least 5 years of experience with using Flowmatic in an enterprise setting." Please restate your point with less inflammatory language and more facts. there is nothing reasonable about igpu tell me about opengl drivers tellll meeeeeeeee i have yet to pick up members of the preferred sex at bars talking about my startup where are the groupies, the sex, the drugs what am i doing wrong ( More seriously: While there are certainly some similarities between the lifecycle of a band and a startup, the author seems to put forth a very structured form of the startup lifestyle--I think that claiming there is one true trajectory does any favors to us. Also, something to muse on: "The first Velvet Underground album only sold 10,000 copies, but everyone who bought it formed a band." What do you think would be a reasonable mapping of this onto tech/startups/CS/engineering? ) If you read the link, he actually describes his methodology: "The time to send a packet to a remote host is half the time reported by ping, which measures a round trip time. The display I was measuring was a Sony HMZ-T1 head mounted display connected to a PC. To measure display latency, I have a small program that sits in a spin loop polling a game controller, doing a clear to a different color and swapping buffers whenever a button is pressed. I video record showing both the game controller and the screen with a 240 fps camera, then count the number of frames between the button being pressed and the screen starting to show a change. The game controller updates at 250 hz, but there is no direct way to measure the latency on the input path (I wish I could still wire things to a parallel port and use in/out Sam instructions). As a control experiment, I do the same test on an old CRT display with a 170hz vertical retrace. Aero and multimon can introduce extra latency, but under optimal conditions you will usually see a color change starting at some point on the screen (vsync disabled) two 240 hz frames after the button goes down. It seems there is 8ms or so of latency going through the USB HID processing, but I would like to nail this down better in the future. It is not uncommon to see desktop LCD monitors take 10+ 240hz frames to show a change on the screen. The Sony HMZ averaged around 18 frames, or 70+ total milliseconds." If we had 1 good application programmer for every 100 cryptoweenies, the world would be a better place. Write code or shut the fuck up. Regardless of the strengths or weaknesses of this article, the scansion of his/her opening poetry bothers me. In the spirit of hacking, I've tried to improve it (and please help me if I've done this wrong or poorly!): Twas the Y-Comb deadline eve, when all through the valley All the hackers were stirring (it's a big night for Cali!). Scores of applications were POST'ed with care In hopes they'd be found by Paul Graham to be fair. And many a partner slumbered softly in bed, while visions of A-rounds flooded their SO's heads. Quite out of the blue my iPhone did ring: an old friend to a bar for a convo I'd bring! There is an interesting bit (section 6.2, "ANSI and Copyright") in which the author relates a phonecall that involved the copyright issue for who owns a spec. It's an interesting read. "a site devoted to deep technical content of lasting importance, have all failed at their jobs. " Yes, because Valley drama and Apple PR and nerd rage are truly deep technical content. There's a lot of noise, sure, but it's a great chance to broaden your horizons. Get over yourself. EDIT: And flagged. Meta kills, my friend. well you see the true hacker following the way has no need for your 'emotions' beep boop they are a vanguard and protector of their vcs portfolio unsullied by things such as empathy If I have a script that is listening for a response to ping or trying to confirm an HTTP request or something, I damn well want to know when the host is unreachable. I don't want to successfully reach your bullshit ad host. I don't want to get successfully served an ad instead of timing out. I just want to fail. Any other behavior is wrong. I assume you ask this honestly. The problem isn't something like "Oh, hey, well, there's some empty space so let's setup a lemonade stand until someone buys up the property." The address is supposed to be valid, or fail fast. It is of much greater utility to everyone (except the ad farmers) to fail fast. You're silly, that's silly--stop being silly. This "average user"? Frankly, we've had the 'net for like fifteen years--now's a good a time for users to learn as any. Unless, of course, you prefer to spoonfeed the next generation of consumer whores? So, in my experience, one of the big issues with the Java ecosystem is that you've got to use all these frameworks and tooling and all this other stuff in an enterprise setting (and once you scale, you're enterprise). This is somewhat abhorrent to systems guys/C neckbeards because, honestly, it reduces your role to cleverly linking together AbstractPipeEnterpriseBeanVisitorFactory objects. Moreover, once you scale, you get big money, and then you hire IBM or Oracle or whoever to come in with consultants and give you the bespoke blessed Java stack. I have a friend in ecommerce right now (who is also an excellent low-level neckbeard) and his company bought top-of-the-line storage and things just to support the log spew from this stuff. This isn't wrong, mind you...it's just that, at some point, it's better to just spend money on bigger iron, and then the neckbeards say "Fuck, this is boring and dumb" and leave for a challenge elsewhere. (not sure why the downvotes, but hey, to each their own) Again, I'm not bashing Java here. I think it's a good language, with a some cool things. But, if you hire a neckbeard to code for you in Java, and they start messing around with java.net.blah and java.io.blah, and you're doing a webstack or something... I'm going to wonder whether or not they're mad. If they were doing this in C, that'd be par for the course and perhaps worth the effort. If you're in Java, though, why aren't they using the established libraries? Anyways, again, consider the other issues for things like SOAP, XML, etc. Everybody ends up using the massive tooling stuff for that, and we're back to my original observation. I'm unsurprised, but still, goddamnit guys. As one of the comments in the linked page points out, the problem with more modern C code is that it tends to be covered in GCC gunk. Without Microsoft implementing support, well, that won't get better. Maybe one day Clang on Windows will be far enough along that Microsoft will let you use it as a VS backend. Well shit. :( You aren't giving enough credit to engineering. Science is all well and good, as is basic research, but honestly engineering is what carries the day. People who fetishsize -~=!SCIENCE!=~- and ignore the sheer quality of engineering that the US produces are frankly fools. I don't mind losing big projects like the supercolliders or even the goofy NASA stuff if it means that we can let the funds end up in the hands of lean, strong, and awesome engineering teams. Besides, your supercollider builds no homes, makes few jobs, and really is just a chance for a lot of particle physicists to stroke off on things that aren't really useful to most of mankind. Sorry, but your "science" is super fringe. You know, every so often, a Stallman item or quote or something shows up on HN and there is much wailing and laughing and mocking and gnashing of teeth. Folks feel ashamed of his words, are outraged at his lack of tact and manners, and constantly and publicly denounce him as an anachronism, an inconvenient throwback to the bad old days of the free software movement. We drink beers, sip coffee, hack web apps, compare term sheets, and chuckle at this old goofball. And then shit like this happens. And you know what? Maybe he's right to be that crazy, and maybe we're wrong to be so dismissive and consider him so alarmist, and maybe everyone should take a good, hard look at what we value in tech and what we can do to protect it. "Now... ITS 20-fucking-12 and windows still has the biggest piece of absolute shit terminal tool possible, with no alternative in sight." CLI is not a primary way of using Windows. Do you bitch as much when you can't use your terminal on your mobile devices as you do on your dev box? Microsoft has very good ( very good) tools for developing things for their stack. "Furthermore terminal programs that work in linux, work in mac, so you get REAL developer tools. There is nothing decent like that on windows." Why do you need terminal programs? Jesus fucking Christ--as you pointed out, it's 2012. "Many things I need for my program to run DOES NOT WORK IN WINDOWS, so it's on MS' head to make them work. Apple saw that having a fully custom OS meant developer alienation. That is why they made OSX. People immediately praised it for it's ability to run dev tools, and developers were happy." No, those tools that don't work on Windows are due to lazy/busy/shitty developers who can't be bothered to support 90% of the market. Sorry your tools suck, but don't act like that is in any way Microsoft's fault. If your goal is to establish a culture of mindless consumerism and an inability to create content, you are correct. Or, you know, there's the fact that a computer isn't primarily a TV for serving you ads. You cannot in good faith separate the what from the how when passing on the "revelation of computing". To do so promotes ignorance among the populace. They have the same chance everyone else does: the market. I respect jwz, but this is very much a step backwards, and while I appreciate his complaint about breaking existing APIs, this would be for programs near 20 years old targeted at a different platform. OpenGL is a terrible, awful, crufty API, and the reason those methods were removed is that they are comically suboptimal. They do not reflect anything remotely like modern card capabilities, and their use directly causes harm to the ozone layer, kittens, and infants. I'm pretty sure that glBegin() gave a coworker cancer, and the matrix stack has claimed more lives than Kevorkian. Building a shim to port over old OpenGL 1.3 apps is kind of like translating the Necronomicon into English--possible, of questionable utility, and likely to bring about insanity and demons. As others have pointed out, OpenGL ES is not intended to be an extension of OpenGL--it was a chance to break out a lot of the dumb cruft that had accumulated into the API. Most of the features he's complaining about are either bad practice or should be gotten rid of entirely. Compare the length of the API listings for GL 1.x, 2.x, and modern 3.x / 4.x. Remember that the whole thing is a hissing, clanking state machine, and that interactions between functions can be arcane--and threading presents additional issues. Immediate mode rendering with glBegin()/glEnd()/glVertex()/glNormal/etc. is ugly. Any shim that collects that information still has non-trivial work stuffing it into a buffer, and the overhead of drawing anything with more than a few hundred triangles soon becomes absurd. Worse, this style of programming discourages storing geometry on the card, and that causes additional inefficiency--and trying to use those calls remotely over X causes all kinds of stupid as glx can barely do indirect rendering anyways. Additionally, we have additional vertex stream attributes available now which are very flexible and don't map onto that anymore. It's time to let go. ~ tl,dr: jwz is complaining about a fork of an API that removed cruft people depended on, but the cruft needed removing. :( Sure, here's my attempt at explanation: OpenGL is a gigantic mess, one which only somewhat recently has started to get better. For those that don't know, it's lineage goes back to IrisGL and big-iron Silicon Graphics machines. There's a wonderful recap of its history on Stack Overflow ( http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/60544/why-do-... )--long story short, design-by-committee and squabbling vendors (especially the CAD folks, whom I until recently counted myself among) resulted in bloated, sad, crufty APIs. Having to maintain a codebase to mimic old OpenGL functionality, especially when in some cases it wasn't particularly well-defined/standardized, in addition to coming up with a small profile for new features on embedded systems, would present a nontrivial burden on the driver and hardware writers. Hell, even Intel has only somewhat gotten it right recently--and they've had the OS community via Mesa do most of the work for them (as I understand it)! These aren't features that are hugely important, these aren't features that are game changing, these are a lot of things that simply obsolete or unnecessary. jwz laments the lack of quads support, so let's start there: OpenGL 1.x supported the following primitive types: points, lines, line strips, line loops, triangles, triangles strips, triangle fans, quads. quad strips, polygons (see http://www.opentk.com/doc/chapter/2/opengl/geometry/primitiv... for examples). Several of these options are quite redundant, and supporting them is not really helpful. Moreover, several of them present interesting questions for a driver writer: what is the preferred way of decomposing quads or polygons? Strips? Fans? Discrete triangles again? Sphere mapping has, I believe, been replaced with cube mapping. OpenGL ES 1.1 has cube mapping as an extension, but I don't know if Apple decided to implement it or not--such is part of the evil of OpenGL, this use of extensions. 1D texturing (and 3D texturing) were omitted, again presumably to make implementors' lives easier. To face this, fill a whole 2D texture with a gradient, and clamp on the edges when sampling (glTexEnvi I think should do this...?). Hopefully that would work. Only recently have 1D and 3D textures gotten really useful, for clever tricks in passing LUTs and such to the programmable shader pipeline; I think the older use for them was ghetto cel-shading and palette mapping--cool but not critical. ~ Anyways, the problem with requiring that the library writers support all that is again that they would have to create most of the OpenGL environment (which is terrible), and then map it onto their new environment (even more terrible), as well as develop the new environment. This is nuts. It's similar to asking if people could write a portability layer atop Win32 to support Win16 to support old DOS system calls--anyone can do a subset of that and complain that "Hey, it's easy!" but to do it right (and you must do it right, or else somebody else will complain!) is very nontrivial. For a more timely example, consider the issues folks have had getting people to move on to Python 3--and contrast that with what the Rubyists have accomplished by just moving fast and fixing things as they break. Or think about the amount of time/money spent on keeping the COBOL infrastructure up, or supporting legacy VB6 installations. Honestly, sometimes we should applaud vendors for Doing the Right Thing and trying to force users into fixing outdated code. Come now, be reasonable. If we released some sort of libc for embedded systems, specifying only fprintf(), your analogy would be valid.