law of history: telling people who sit at the bottleneck of a trade network that it's their culture that made them rich will always get you invited to dinner. "The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism", by a bloke named Goldstein, may have something to say about "neofeudalism", but I haven't been able to find more a few fragmented chapters... I have been wondering lately what motivated Japan to join the Plaza Accord. (Germany seems clear: a strong DM made reunification cheaper) A hypothesis of mine is that the "Lost Decades" are only apparent aggregating over the GDP of JP, but that if we slice japanese society finer we would find that some japanese have indeed seen higher growth. Anyone have suggestions on how to go about checking this hypothesis? according to https://eml.berkeley.edu/~saez/moriguchi-saezREStat08japan.p... even affluent japanese didn't get much out of the lost decades. why did they sign? If you want germans and chinese to import your production, you'll need to raise standards to meet theirs. For pork, this has already started happening: Hormel, JBS, and Tyson are no longer taking ractopamine-dosed hogs, even though they're still legal to sell to US consumers. see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Space_Merchants for a 1952 prediction of where "the consumption based economy" winds up. the original CNN article is not far removed from the initial attitude of the protagonist... looks like reserve requirements are currently 0% https://www.federalreserve.gov/monetarypolicy/reservereq.htm You can start shorting chinese real estate: I was just reading the other day that WTI going negative had badly burned many chinese retail investors. (as for germany, I'd call that an argument against currency unification ... but that's an entirely different thread) If a country saves too much forex, one can slap sanctions on them for being a "currency manipulator". If a firm saves too much cash on hand, one can find a corporate raider (which the germans and chinese also have) to make a hostile LBO. However, for thrifty households, there don't appear to be any similar sticks, only carrots. How would you propose to incentivise german and chinese households to consume more than they do? S'pore ought to be glad that all the US wanted to do in a recent trade agreement was ("for medicinal purposes only", of course) sell chewing gum? cf https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_Course (I am still seeking an explanation for Japan's signing of the Plaza Accord that doesn't rely on calling in favours from the LDP. Anybody have one?) Maybe we should look at the europeans who were rich in 1900 to see what return they had on investments in machines of war by 1950? The way I currently see it, is that Gorbi tried to change the soviet system, and in the middle of his reforms Fahd opened the taps and crashed the price of the USSR's main hard-currency export. Not sure how true this hypothesis may be, but it would explain why Putin was happy to open the taps just when Salman was in the middle of trying to reform his own petrostate... An example of layoff differences between CH and US: unemployment in April climbed to 3,3%, with the doomsayers worrying what might happen if it eventually goes to an (unprecedented) 7% due to coronavirus. (there are many other differences; eg swiss don't take their rifles to demonstrations) I was going to say that any potential hostile takeovers by chinese hedge funds probably wouldn't involve anything as kinetically hostile as the EIC's presidency armies, but a little surfing turned up 先丰服务集团 (Frontier Services Group)... What is the indian or chinese equivalent to "The Fox and the Crane"? Out of curiosity, ребята, three questions about Иван Васильевич меняет профессию: (a) which currency would Shurik have used when buying transistors (~45 minutes)? I'm assuming he would've used regular rubles if he'd managed to find them in a shop, but since he was buying from a dubious looking source (Бери шинель?) would he have needed other currency? (b) when Иван Грозный discovers the elevator (~24 minutes), is his sign of the cross period, or anachronistic? (c) as for the pen Милославский gives to the ambassador (~1 hour) ... were those available for rubles? They even have the same business model, in which users are not the customers. If you are Sylvester McMonkey McBean, you do not want to place ad impressions in groups of star- and plain-bellied sneetches who share an interest in underwater basket weaving. You will happily spend to place impressions for star-on machines among groups of plain-bellied sneetches, and star-off among star-bellied. Thankfully there are almost two hundred sides from which to choose. Il faut de tout pour faire un monde. Nie mój cyrk, nie moje malpy. Investors diversify, so we need CEOs of individual firms to take more risk than we want for our portfolios as a whole. To be worth their wages, a CEO of a publicly-traded company should be making risky slightly-positive expectation value bets; were the firm too risk-averse, it'd be just as inefficient as if it were to keep too much cash on hand. Almost all voting is mail-in here. But then again, we basically have a one-person one-vote system; from the outside, it seems your "electoral college" is voter fraud on a far grander (and far more institutionalised) scale than either gerrymandering or individual bad actors. Then again, the US is strange: we can all agree that single-party states are bad, yet the US insists their two party state is somehow better than a multi-party state? (mOzg, would you mind terribly answering my question about convertible rubles in "Ivan Vasilievich Changes Profession"? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23311253 спс!) Мерси боку ! You're right; they're bonds. compare https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/iXcD4yjnYag... Шпак богач... No need to be partisan: for systematic disenfranchisement, see the Constitution, which predates the party to which you are opposed by a good half century. As far as hating democracy goes, I found some good Republican ideals here: http://www.abrahamlincolnonline.org/lincoln/speeches/pierce.... "Republicans, on the contrary, are for both the man and the dollar; but in cases of conflict, the man before the dollar." https://www.theonion.com/white-house-press-secretary-trump-s... https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/glorification... doesn't seem to have 'unequivocally' anywhere. I am not in favor of looters, but note that https://fas.org/irp/doddir/army/fm3-19-15.pdf emphasizes the necessity of graduated response. I presume state militia units share the doctrine (Figure 2.1) that lethal response is only called for in the face of an armed threat, and that it must be the minimum response necessary. (found by googling four words: national guard crowd control; 2nd page of results) One can also check easily-discoverable recent US military policy https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23347453 to discover that those who think these things through don't condone "looting ⊃ shooting". Bonaparte was a fan of the "whiff of grape" https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insurrection_royaliste_du_13_v... but we all know how that ended. The stream is like oral culture, where expressions exist in temporal sequence and referring to connections often requires indirectly shared context; the garden is like a literate culture, where expressions can directly as well as indirectly link? Both are fun and useful; I tend to gravitate to the literate side (coincidence: "garden" and "culture" both have agricultural roots) because direct linking makes it easy to discover new garden paths, whereas the oral side requires a much deeper commitment to learning a culture to catch the references streaming past. Asymptotically, I believe. There were a some people a few decades ago who tried to use training methods which had improved human running times, only to discover that horses' cardiovascular systems were not the same bottleneck that humans' had been. (bottleneck is with tendons and bones; racing breeds are already morphologically quite different from the wild types) Mark 'em up to your liking (at least that's my interpretation of 1.E.6) https://www.gutenberg.org/wiki/Gutenberg:The_Project_Gutenbe... Aloha Since 2018? Plenty of time to have run some Westlaw/LexisNexis searches in between. According to the Phase-1 agreement, China should buy at least USD 68B of US services in 2020. If they were to spend most of it on counsel, that'd be a lot of nastygrams, even at common-law billing rates. Europeans tried to ban the slave trade as early as 1815: https://gallica.bnf.fr/ark:/12148/bpt6k5039693/f124.image.r (Congress of Vienna, Act XV) and the US did eventually get over slavery, so we should be optimistic and believe it may just take them some while longer to get over lynching. JFK had some thoughts on ways to resolve conflict: https://nationalcenter.org/KennedyInaugural.html but I guess not everyone was on board with "where the strong are just and the weak secure and the peace preserved". (Διογένης, I like your "bottleneck" much better than Brookings' word choice) calculemus! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_ethnicity_in_the_Unit... whites are 72% of your population but only 370./802 = 46% of those categorized shot by your police. In the short term, maybe. On a longer term, one has to ask why half the homicides? (while one is at it, why so many homicides, period?) https://www.smithsonianmag.com/smithsonian-institution/1968-... "Ultimately, going to the moon was far easier than solving the nation’s racial issues." Et que nos champions songeaient à se défendre / Arrive un troisième Larron / Qui saisit Maître Aliboron ? what's the legal distinction based on shareholder structure? (I can do my own searching if you can remember a keyword or two) I always used to wonder about Otto's line "excuse me while I fold my pants" in Repo Man. Now that we no longer have NTSC vs PAL vs SECAM, I wonder if it may have been a reference to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F68bbzOOOdY&t=38m52s ... and over on RUnet, I saw memes about US botting. Too bad we can't have a Geneva Convention on botnets or something. (I would write "couldn't", but don't believe it's technically feasible) That's why one never counts "twitter public", but real protestors. A small silver lining to coronavirus is that crowd size estimation is much easier when the crowd is on a 2m lattice. Edit: not very useful these days, but still of possible interest: http://www.gkstill.com/Support/crowd-density/100sm/Density1.... I'd agree in general. On the other hand, astroturfing is much older that TWTR (or even AstroTurf), eg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torches_of_Freedom or https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claque Somewhere I'd read a book on propaganda by a fellow who produced it in ww2 and finished his introduction with biblical examples of the main techniques. those exist here, in both carbonated and non-carbonated versions. (then again, we have milk-paste in toothpaste-like tubes that can be reconstituted with water; I suspect the main market for all of these are summer cabins that are both off-the-grid and not close to the road network) It may no longer be true, but several decades ago it was possible to find sugar-sweetened soft drinks in the US by looking for kosher labels. (I have a coke can next to me as I type; it is sugar-sweetened) From what I saw of Italy, the Pope was perfectly cool with waiting to congregate. The funny thing is that the US tried to install two different post war governments, one before the "fall of china", the other after: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_Course As for influence lasting decades after, I am still searching for a reason that the Japanese would have benefited from signing the Plaza Accord. Anyone have one? MERS-CoV, Ebola, and SARS were all this century. We only locked down mid-March, but we're back down to less than 2% of our peak and have been unlocking since end-April. Stopping the spread is easy, but it apparently requires a population that understands and is committed to hygienic measures. for reference as to "small": current Covid deaths in the US are probably over Fat Man (長崎) but under Little Boy (広島市). Switzerland. This is a safety publication of ours (not safe for vegetarians) https://www.ekas.ch/download.php?id=7869 Even if you don't read german, I think the pictures show why we haven't had the same problems (compare to an image search of conveyer-belt-driven meatpacking in, say, germany) with social distancing and meat. It probably helps that even though we are a politically third world country, we are an economically first world country: people are expensive and machines are cheap. For nerds: the slogan on the front page, «Unfall – kein Zufall!», means "Accidents are not happenstance", and the graph on p.8 shows the close relationship between improvement on safety assessments and accident rates. p.19 is also an interesting workplace safety observation, but that's a different topic. Sorry about that. I'm not sure why we get sugar* and you all don't, but it's probably something to do with the invisible hand. * just checked all the cans in my house. Six-packs in the fridge from the grocery came from the EU, and have sugar. Two-fours in the basement from the discounter came from some nordic-speaking country, and have sugar. "Nobody remembers or noticed what Reagan said" is equivalent to asserting, on a hypothetical 2056 HN, that "nobody remembers or noticed what Trump* said". * At least he hasn't said "We begin bombing in five minutes". (besides, can't have Oceania at war with Eastasia until you all get Airstrip One back from Eurasia, innit?) maybe these are the droids you're looking for? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8rQU4LC3c4 I guess the progression in various jurisdiction's* meat laws tends to go: 1. protect consumers 2. protect workers 3. protect animals * food is well labelled here. My pistachios tend to alternately come from California and from Iran; my potato chips are tracked back to the farm from where the potatoes came; and restaurants generally have the sources of their meats printed on the menu (if not, no one is surprised to be asked) Thank you for your point of view. Maybe I have just been lucky, but in my travels, I've found most people wherever in the world appreciate looking for win-win situations, just like your countrymen. However, in the "Star Wars" franchise, there is the concept of the antagonistic Sith. These always come in pairs — "one to embody power, one to crave it". When one runs across people who believe in zero sum games (or worse yet: seek a bigger slice of a smaller pie), I guess they are attempting to apply the movie concept of a Sith lord to real life. PS. I enjoyed the 1961 大鬧天宮. Orwell's "Animal Farm" starts out similarly, being a story about animals vs elites, but ends much more cynically. It is depressing, but provides wonderful insight into anglophone politics. How many months of 110% income would it take for, say, the middle 80% of US households to have accumulated 6 months worth of savings? It's good to hear that at least the beef carcasses can be processed in a wide range. One problem meat finishers had in the pandemic US was that even despite the lack of automation, packers would only take animals in a narrow weight range, so simply waiting for packing plants to come back up wasn't an option. (speaking of options, I understand there are some goods so perishable that even the notoriously imperfect commodities exchanges won't touch them: when both sellers and buyers can store goods, it's much more difficult to manipulate markets) good defensive technologies are not destabilising when one credibly has no first strike capability. (this is, of course, only an option for third world countries) Before OPEC wrested control away, the Texas Railroad Commission used to set output. (well before the TRC, Rockefeller bet heavily on Pennsylvania oil. Luckily for him, no one found oil outside the state until after he'd cemented his monopoly) Crude Rules Everything Around Me (barrel, barrel oil, you all) We both agree that Reagan/Bush were 1980-1988, right? Other than that, it doesn't sound like we had much in common. I was going to search old USENET for (Reagan|Raygun) references, but those archives seem to have gone down the memory hole. Maybe we're from different timelines? I do see an amazing number of people around with goatees. Do you know how I can get back to my timeline? Should I ask evil Spock or evil Cartman for help? Strengthening a currency seems good in the short term, but local growth comes from (a) increasing exports, and (b) substituting imports, both of which get hosed by too strong a currency. (at least according to Jane Jacobs, "The Economy of Cities". Most of her books are good, and "Systems of Survival" might even be relevant to the current US administration) Germany used the post-Plaza strong DM for reunification. Even after adding NIIP to accumulated GDP, I can't figure out what large aggregate in Japan the post-Plaza strong JPY has benefited. The (eastern) Roman Empire was cool, because it was sitting in the middle of eurasian trade. Then Byzantium fell, and merchants (and hence artisans and scholars) fled to the other end of the mediterranean trade routes (less a Renaissance than a Déménagement), and Italy was cool. Then some atlantic countries figured out how to sail to asia, and they were cool... I don't know how superior (or even effective) it may be, but the existence is (and has been) well known: lots of underground concrete sufficient for the entire population (Saint Barbara has a strong local cult). Nuclear powers (especially those who have already made first strikes) can't do this because (a) they would have to somehow retroactively do all the construction which we spent the whole cold war doing (it's much easier to put a shelter in before you build the rest of the building than after), and (b) as you point out, it would destabilise MAD. (having no natural resources worth bombing us for is probably more effective. We don't want to threaten anyone, we would just prefer to make decisions, such as those concerning our bill denominations and our central bank strategy, by ourselves) Tinfoil conspiracy theory: MAD explains why the US doesn't have decent subways :-) How deep are Warsaw's? Not tinfoil: during the US/USSR cold war, it was the west- and east-germans who were most likely to get tactically nuked. In a hypothetical Oceania/Eurasia world, I'm guessing that distinction has moved to PL and BY. Luckily for you, the current two-minutes hate is directed to Eastasia. On the brighter side: what do you think of Kongres Futurologiczny? Somehow that makes (yes, this is woefully out of context) Ты лети за ясным солнцем вслед. И бойцу на дальнем пограничье От Катюши передай привет. sound a bit more sinister. on the other hand, I'd hope in He is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored He hath loosed the fateful lightning of His terrible swift sword those grapes of wrath are neither chemical nor biological. US companies aren't supposed to pay back debt (in Hertz's case, how did 2005 affect the balance sheet?) because that would be an inefficient use of capital. US consumers are supposed to spend, not save, to stimulate the economy. US government is supposed to run a deficit, not a surplus. And yet the aggregate US net worth is positive: about 5x its GDP. What sector have I missed? Shareholders also diversify over several firms — so the individual parts of a portfolio should run at riskier positions on the efficient frontier than shareholders (already the investors with the highest risk appetite) wish to have for themselves. Thank you. Out of curiosity, how long is the training for police officers in Australia? 36 weeks? (here it takes 2 years: trainees sign a contract saying they won't leave the force for a certain period, to justify the expense of their training) Off topic: I consider the '-' in my comment scores to be the forum equivalent of a dueling scar. People who won't refute downvote. Oddly enough, while attempting to say another country does (in a single particular instance, not even overall) something better than the US, only gets downvotes to negative, when I actually attempt to defend the US (some of my best friends are Americans!), the whole tree gets flagged. In US social mores, is it considered uppity to mention that other countries and other people exist? On topic: https://datawrapper.dwcdn.net/chmVn/3/ 12 uses (not necessarily deadly) of a gun in 2018 would be what, 480, scaled to US population? In the last 20 years, police snipers have had to kill once. That would be twice per year for the US. That wasn't snark. As an undergrad, I was taught that households should be positive, corporations negative, and public sector balanced on average, which would balance out. Either I'm missing a sector in the original analysis above (please tell me what it is), or the "common wisdoms" expressed there are false (and I should be more cynical), or...? Thank you. So combined US assets are worth a great deal, enough so the declining equity position of (consumers+businesses+government) in those assets has not been significant. That makes sense. Thank you. Both Russia and the US have a strong tradition of "demotivational posters", shared online. I've assumed this is because both countries had the non-lamp shaded version first. Do any of you all live somewhere that has demotivational posters as a common meme, but never had the propaganda poster? Maybe there ought to be a Wikipedia page listing the "graft level" of a country (in nominal and PPP amounts, of course). In more corrupt countries, a large fraction of the population gets to use petty graft. In less corrupt countries, a small fraction of the population gets to use grand graft. From https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_killings_by_law_enforc... it appears that encounter-killings occur almost 30 times more frequently in the US than in India. Indian encounter-killings occur at rates similar to German or Taiwanese. US encounter-killings occur at rates similar to Pakistani or Rwandese. How much violence was there when the Polska Rzeczpospolita Ludowa became the Rzeczpospolita Polska? The US transition to end slavery (ca 1860) was very violent, and the US attempt to end lynching (ca 1960) was not without deaths. of which TALLY appears to go back to the XIII https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tally-ho#Etymology When Obama left office, he apologised to Argentina for the US involvement in the guerra sucia. I read one of Hanson's books. He recalls that he didn't like academia because, unlike his own farm, he couldn't order people with whom he disagreed off his land. After reading this article, I think Hanson probably is disappointed that there are not more lefties thrown out of helicopters, but I am not more informed as to what his counter-suggestions to "reform at the local and state level" may be. Pat Buchanan, in my opinion, was a much more convincing National Review columnist. Obviously they differ on how to get there, but can the US right agree with the US left on "with liberty, and justice, for all"? It's an excellent sounding ideal. Only if you have the same pocketbook. See the Herbalife short squeeze for how many zeros it takes and how many years it can last. There's a reason they call market manipulation "billionaire's poker". that it might become perfectly cromulent? At least Nero could play the fiddle > Can't take the mote out of your brother's eye until you remove the beam in your own. When there are sympathy protests outside the US, this is exactly what the sympathy protesters are attempting to remind you all. The US has nice ideals, eg "and justice for all" Apparently it's possible to make a futures market resistant to manipulation on the short side, or on the long side, but not both at the same time. (if onions markets are poor because they're perishable, what might that imply about wage markets?) hashing was originally invented to keep physical clerical staff from bumping into each other in front of the file cabinets CIA learned from the fall of the Shah of Iran that strip shredding is, given time and patience, a reversible operation. I never knew much about the USSR as a kid. We grew up in fear of MAD, but the iron curtain meant that we didn't know, for instance, what kids TV shows were like on the other side, or what their music videos were like, or that they also liked Winnie the Pooh and Mary Poppins, the Three Musketeers ... or played with hula hoops and skateboards. (even getting TV shows from the UK, a western country, was hard, because they were on PAL. people used to "camera copy", running a VCR to a TV on one system, and videorecording that with a camera running the other system) So anyway, lately I've been taking full advantage of web standards to see what I had only been guessing about during the Cold War. (the kids shows are still useful; I've had enough greek that I already knew a good portion of cyrillic, but learned the rest from Khryusha, Stepashka, and Philya) Full props to all the ex-Warsaw Pact countries who changed their basic political systems without much violence. молодец! Like Шарик the dog's wigwam? :) (speaking of Sharik, I enjoyed the episode where he mail-orders a gun so he can gratify his "hunting instinct") I also appreciated that кто там? кто там? sounds just like a bird... and it seems russians do still remember the show fondly: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfhV0Sew0j4 From what I have seen, peering over from the continent these past 3 years, top US military officers are both less racist[1] than the general populace and more reflective[2] than the current administration. [1] Lt. Gen. Jay Silveria: "If you can't treat someone with dignity and respect, then you need to get out. If you can't treat someone from another gender, whether that's a man or a woman, with dignity and respect, then you need to get out. If you demean someone in any way, then you need to get out. And if you can't treat someone from another race, or different color skin, with dignity and respect, then you need to get out." [2] witness the USN response when Trump tweeted they should fire on sight on the NEDAJA: we retain the right to self-defense. I wish you all the best of luck and hope you all live your lives and do wonderful things. https://www.upi.com/Defense-News/2003/04/11/Rumsfeld-Looting... merci je wel! From the same book series: Guest from the future (1984) - https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086723/ - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtWGKZatqTU I think Julia's grandmother knows a thing or two because she's seen a thing or two? (Wikipedia claims brits and french got this one, but we never did) even the propaganda gets recycled: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_lYBxDLwz8 (on the other hand, lots of propaganda, as in the former FRY or Donetsk, doesn't exactly seem to be the recipe for peaceful change) I would've expected a swarthier Moldovan, but maybe she's supposed to have been sunburnt from working in the vines? Maybe a museum, like in the frame story of https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBnCo2SKafU ? (for context, the soviets didn't have separate boy and girl scouts — they were all young pioneers together. So today's russians apparently go clubbing in "sexy pioneer" outfits on 80's nights, much like Halloween in the US is the time for "sexy nurse") Yandex just gave me https://yandex.com/search/?text=ссср%20Плакат%20купить&lr=10... 5 pages of hits... There's plenty of Nu pogodi on youtube, last I looked. Besides, wasn't Wolf supposed to be a hooligan?* (Speaking of hooligans, do you have any idea what year this might be from? I think it's 1989: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaLa7NboOAw ) * the poor irish always get the slurs: hooligan, paddywagon, etc. Repressive systems are apparently good for humour; the jokes are excellent. My current favourite, on how important ministries wound up led by sclerotic ideologues with no clue: Chief Rabbi of Moscow synagogue dies. In atheist soviet times, party functionary, not congregation, picks replacement. Comrade Burns: Nu, who are candidates? Comrade Smithers: Well sir, we have comrades Flanders, Szyslak, and Rabinovich. Comrade Burns: Who is recommended? Comrade Smithers: Is toss up, sir. Comrade Szyslak is impeccable Party member, but knows nothing about religion. Dr. comrade Flanders has degree in religion, but not recommended by Party. Unfortunately, you have to decide. Comrade Burns: But what about —checks notes— comrade Rabinovich? Comrade Smithers: What? You can't appoint him, he's a jew! Nice to see Bradbury. We had Lem in translation, but neither Булычёв nor the Братья Стругацкие. Is there a copper pan in the upper left corner of: https://www.ferra.ru/thumb/1720x0/filters:quality(75):no_ups... ? I didn't know we had a king! I thought we were an autonomous collective. That was 1770's in power transmission. Here's 1770's in information transmission: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iz8lB3y5euk In 1987, they weren't on twitter, like the US and the Taliban exchanging agreement barbs recently. (unlike in certain quarters, I think these twitter presences have allowed some grievance airing which has actually helped the peace) Maybe we can get them all to settle their differences with a dance-off on TikTok? for instance, one can use one's own app: https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-trump/with-r... “The most important, golden thing in politics is a cellphone number,” said Parscale, who ran Trump’s digital efforts in 2016 before leading the 2020 campaign. “When we receive cellphone numbers, it really allows us to identify them across the databases. Who are they, voting history, everything.” Good question! I don't know enough about the subject, honestly. Would you like me to try to dig up the paper from which I got that summary? Here's Bush Jr's take on eyebeams: https://www.bushcenter.org/about-the-center/newsroom/press-r... (I haven't visited the States since his presidency, but although I found much to dislike about the man, this is an argument I could get behind) Abraham Lincoln's thoughts on party flipping: http://www.abrahamlincolnonline.org/lincoln/speeches/pierce.... It takes some legwork, but both my wife and I (thanks to our parents' curiosity during their retirements) have been able to go back to the 1700's for at least some lines. Even the europeans were moving around a lot internationally, though. The portion of my family tree from the US is about half pre-Civil War, of which most were pre-Revolution. (and my father told me that, while researching, he found the Mormons for some reason have records on way more people than just their adherents. Could be useful) my cynical take: DEA has been authorized because DOD will not. B-34 et infra, p.B-6 FM 3-19.15 https://fas.org/irp/doddir/army/fm3-19-15.pdf (esp B-54) I have no idea what the most recent incarnation of GARDEN PLOT may be, the above is what I found in a quick search. But I'd hope that at this point the DOD is more likely to side with the population than other agencies, and work-to-rule if need be. Anyone know of an online copy of DA Civil Disturbance Plan 55-2? Nonsense! The US used to have racism and inequality under the ancien régime, but now it is a workers' paradise, colourblind[1] and bountiful[2] for all. [1] And crown thy good with brotherhood... [2] Thine alabaster cities gleam... Why, I bet I could stand all day in front of the White House with a sign saying "Thank you, President Trump, for my happy childhood!" and no one would turn me away. The setting is 1975, but the ideas are familiar: "There has been a substantial relative decline in American military and economic power, and a major absolute decline in American willingness to assume the burdens of leadership. And most recently, the temporary slowdown in economic growth has threatened the expectations created by previous growth, while still leaving existent the "postbourgeois" values which it engendered among the youth and intellectuals." "The system becomes one of anomic democracy, in which democratic politics becomes more an arena for the assertion of conflicting interests than a process for the building of common purposes." I've just skimmed it so far, and found distasteful their general theme that the "crisis" is that there was too much of it, and the kids would not "Respect Mah Authoritah". However, they did include a dissent, which also brings up many themes that are still timely in 2020: Appendix I.B "Excerpts of remarks by Ralf Dahrendorf on the governability study" "Is growth presumably growth of a gross national product? Is this the only kind of expansion of human life chances which we can think of in free societies?" I've heard that Jedi is an official response in Oz, but is there anywhere one can claim "Bill & Ted-ism" as a religion? A society which truly integrated their murderous cannibals would reserve bbq spots in the park for them. But no, they just have to put up with the cold shoulder. I think it was Pirrong, "Manipulation of Cash‐Settled Futures Contracts" https://www.jstor.org/stable/10.1086/209671?seq=1#metadata_i... in further evidence for [2]: https://www.reuters.com/article/us-minneapolis-police-protes... A nice ritual (at least pre-covid) for the times and places for healthy competition and sportsmanship is to shake hands before and after, to put parentheses around that competition. "And Then There Were None", SF by Eric Frank Russell, purposely characterises the natives as not fitting into "types" and thereby creeping out the Terrans who have come to explore (and exploit?) their planet... That's a bummer. You all managed to have a bloodless revolution, then got lots of violence in return. Sorry to hear, but glad it's much better now. It was heartening to read the handwritten addition: "We all committed our lives to the idea that this is America — we will stay true to that oath and the American People". In countries where people are nicer to each other, there is less police brutality. It would take much more time, but I think more Fred Rogers and less GI Joe (or whatever their current equivalents may be) is likelier to provide a more lasting fix than any of these short-term policy proposals. WWJD? Back when the US was doing the Great War on Terror, I was pleased to hear my country's interior minister saying something like: yes, we are taking note of potential terrorism — but we are actively concerned about football fans. Why King (like Kennedy) made himself enemies: https://kinginstitute.stanford.edu/king-papers/documents/ive... ... the American Negro collectively is richer than most nations of the world. We have an annual income of more than thirty billion dollars a year, which is more than all of the exports of the United States and more than the national budget of Canada. Did you know that? That's power right there, if we know how to pool it. (Yeah) [Applause] We don't have to argue with anybody. We don't have to curse and go around acting bad with our words. We don't need any bricks and bottles; we don't need any Molotov cocktails. (Yes) We just need to go around to these stores (Yes sir), and to these massive industries in our country (Amen), and say, "God sent us by here (All right) to say to you that you're not treating His children right. (That's right) And we've come by here to ask you to make the first item on your agenda fair treatment where God's children are concerned. Now if you are not prepared to do that, we do have an agenda that we must follow. And our agenda calls for withdrawing economic support from you." Obviously Dr. King didn't realise that economic sanctions are a form of violence monopolised by state level actors? Eh, les gars, le postmodernisme, c'est du XXe siècle. On est au XXIer ou bien ? We are now about as far away from postmodernism as postmodernism was from, say, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pragmatism two world wars You are not alone: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcdXczfIFl9pOHZRCKCss_g/vid... has a lot of rants about raising kids in the US. (so many that I can't find the one I originally watched) My explanation for swiss voter turnout: if it ain't broke don't fix it. Two anecdotes: - the presidency rotates among members of the executive committee, on a yearly basis. Cynically, the president exists so if a foreign head of state wants to have dinner, they have someone with whom to do it. - when a referendum comes to the ballot, we don't just have to vote it up or down. The government gets a chance to say "yes, we agree this is a problem, but we'd suggest solving it this other way". Those are two options. The third (and I believe this is most popular) is "meh, it's working fine as it is". Anyway, compared to US politics[1], swiss politics is wonderfully sedate. I'd like to think that's because the politicians are here to make the country run more smoothly, so the rest of us have better things to do. Edit: and yes, we receive all balloting material by mail, and return it by mail. No problem. It works. [1] is this because there are no center parties? Q. Why is US politics like the Cupid Shuffle? A. To the right, to the right, to the right, to the right / To the left, to the left, to the left, to the left 1971 having been due to holdouts who are so conservative that to this day they vote* by physically assembling and holding up hands. (this year postponed due to the 'rona). Despite that, since 1971 there have been 5 female presidents from 3 different parties: Calmy-Rey, Dreifuss, Leuthard, Sommaruga, Widmer-Schlumpf (some having served more than once) * as they have since 1403 https://www.ai.ch/politik/landsgemeinde Education (in the french sense of the word)? My only specific recommendation I already gave above, and even that is a hypothesis. If I had an answer, I'd be proposing it, but as it is, I've taken the easier path out, by living in the place where I'd found the nicest people, after having traveled a bit. (I don't think one can make people be nicer to each other. At best, they can experience for themselves that things go more smoothly once nature is not red in tooth and claw, and decide to be nicer. That said, legislating morality does work better than one might think: it allows people who might already go along with the legislation to claim to their in-group that they still don't really like the out-group, but are only going along with the law.) By the time they get to the national level in their party, politicians generally have a track record, and don't tend to surprise. See the link zubspace gave above about collegiality (Concordance); what I've referred to as the "executive committee" is exactly the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_Council_(Switzerland) As to your specific questions, I'll do some research for the details and get back to you... Tout le monde fait son truc. You speak your dialect, and I'll speak mine. (it could be worse: a local paper has a crossword with the clues set in patois) thanks for the source article; it has the same graph as the BBC article, and references https://www.cloudflare.com/galileo/ If we're coup-watching, the military has sided with the people: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23412986 That's usually a good sign. Is there any song in the US currently equivalent to "We Shall Overcome" or "Winds of Change" or "Перемен"? How did the USSR do it? Was the deal that whoever took on the debt would keep the nukes? Sounds good to me. I thought we all learned from Iraq that "Weapon of Mass Destruction" is not a super well-defined term? marine mine delivery is done by JDAM these days ... no idea how non-mobile the mines themselves may still be This puts a new light on Wuhan thanking their doctors and nurses with a big drone show instead of jet flybys. that treaty is getting close to expiration https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:ICC_member_states.svg (it seems unlikely anyone should be concerned that the Vatican isn't a signatory) Holding to account: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal_Council_(Switzerland)#... Could you please elaborate on "remit"? I'm not sure what you mean. General information: https://www.ch.ch/en/demokratie/political-rights/referendum/ In some cultures, it's even considered rude for a table to be bare, without some sort of food on it, during daylight hours. Our germanophones are boring but punctual: their extra meals are Znüni (the 9am) and Zvieri (the 4pm). As far as I'm concerned, it's a oxymoron to eat merienda according to a clock... cf Barber, "Women's Work: The First 20,000 Years" Part of her thesis is that weaving and textiles have been stereotypical occupations for the distaff gender because they can be done in a single location and are interruptible, making them very suitable for child-rearing. But they would fight in or near China or Russia — I don't see any chinese or russian bases in Canada or Mexico. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permanent_members_of_the_Unite... Realpolitik says Airstrip One gets a better deal from Oceania with that veto; otherwise it could only hope to get treated as well as, say, Japan. (aren't you all impeding the free market by preferring unchlorinated chicken?) Have you circulated your CV recently? I had thought people learn to be very transactional through either (a) prison, or (b) international relations, but clearly I am wrong. (as to A, I know two prison guards. One of them is now retired, and he told me the speech he'd eventually figured out: "I don't care what they say you're in for. It's none of my business. I do care that we all stay cool. If everyone is cool, everything will be cool." Still transactional, but he claims everyone was mostly cool) If the English equivalent to "meet and hash things out" is "stolen fair and square", that might explain a lot about the Empire :-) Can you criticise actions/decisions among other managers, or in private with the actor/decider? No chips against Andorra, Belarus, Bolivia, Burundi, Central African Republic, Chad, Congo, Guatemala, Ivory Coast ,Kyrgyzstan, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Mali, Marshall Islands, Monaco, Mongolia, Paraguay, Sao Tome and Principe, Sweden, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan and Vatican City, then? Odd that tacticool US police, despite copying the look, don't attempt to learn how the US military behaves: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23347453 "2-54. Scalable effects concepts are a measured approach in response to a crowd gathering. By recognizing a use-of-force policy, soldiers must be taught and understand that they use the minimum force necessary. Without the appearance of a graduated response, the gathering crowd may consider actions as excessive, causing a possible escalation of hostilities or violence." Then again, even within the LE world, the information is available, eg https://www.chirontraining.com I doubt anyone contests that point, least of all Lindemann: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rr8ljRgcJNM (I think we're heading for the classical Oceania/Eurasia/Eastasia split, but I could have read too many entirely fictional books in my formative years. Personally, I'd have preferred to have been in the timeline with centrifugal bumble-puppy and feelies) de gustibus... Shouldn't that be Phonosology? Miller has some thoughts on the sheepdog metaphor: http://chirontraining.blogspot.com/2017/11/sheepdogs.html (he has thoughts on lots of things, up to and including how to deescalate when one is amped on adrenaline. I sometimes think that in a more just world, he'd have been an academic intellectual, but am glad that in ours, he choose his parents poorly, and wound up working in law enforcement —due to a financial glass ceiling— otherwise we'd probably have no one who is both familiar with the problems LE practitioners face and has the inclination to theorise upon how the approaches might be improved) US military also has "up or out". Be careful with asking people to do what the law says. King (Martin, not Rodney) said[1] "[a]ll we say to America is to be true to what you said on paper". Kennedy suggested[2] a world "where the strong are just and the weak secure and the peace preserved". If he were alive today, I'm sure JFK would have half a mind to ask "how could you elect such a schoolyahd president?" [1] https://kinginstitute.stanford.edu/king-papers/documents/ive... [2] https://nationalcenter.org/KennedyInaugural.html (incidentally, Earl Warren has an interesting history; he once became Governor of California by winning both the D and R primaries) The "Bob Roberts" movie has aged well. Did you eventually become ruler of the Queen's Navy? https://www.allthelyrics.com/lyrics/gilbert_and_sullivan/whe... I like the concept of Edge ::= Hard | Soft | Lost where hard edges are delineated, soft edges are blurry transitions (more area than edge), and lost edges are merely implied. Good pen & ink work uses many lost edges. I once lived in a bilingual area in the States. Depending upon how I was dressed, I would be greeted in either english or spanish[1] when walking into a shop. My experience was that people were more helpful (to the extent of addressing me as "paisano") in spanish. I suspect this is because when I was greeted in english, I was being greeted as an out-group[2] member. [1] hypothesis: if you have never learned to code-switch, you are probably a member of a preferred group. [2] not necessarily due to being classified as anglophone, more likely due to being classified as tourist. In Switzerland, on one side we had unions who said "OK, no May Day parades this year", and on the other side we had bank CEOs who collected donations from their entire management team and took part in videos whose message was "all for one, and one for all". eg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPLx4cVJW10 (Koch may be retired now, but don't think we're out of the woods yet — we're still in double digits) sars-cov-2? I didn't mind the idiots so much (here they were playing "foot sauvage"). What bothers me is that SRF2 was reporting untraceable fake news left by voicemail — which were in Züritüütsch. I'd have thought that would have been too small a demographic to be worth targeting? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ow9qf5DgrVI For timing: even if we didn't pay attention to China, we saw what was happening in Italy. The government measures came late for the romandy and Ticino, and early for the deutschschweizer. https://www.srf.ch/news/schweiz/coronavirus-so-entwickeln-si... see "Wöchentliche Todesfälle in der Schweiz", and remember the red curve is with measures, the greys without. Maybe you haven't had a friend's uncle die of covid. It could have been much worse; I think we got lucky. sometimes I wonder if the cosplaytriot types are even aware that they're Googlebombing. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boogaloo_(funk_dance) has the semantics I had expected for the syntax. It even made it across the Iron Curtain: https://youtu.be/QSc3uk8Q5w4?t=4881 (1986, so a bit later than 1984's Electric Boogaloo, and a bit earlier than the 1989 end of the wall) Ran into a website with creative UPC symbols recently and couldn't help but think of how the Mad staff has been having fun with them since introduction. That's funny, I've never heard that on "Classic Rock" stations; guess Top 40's gonna Top. (incidentally, "Kiss an Angel Good Mornin'" is also from 1972, but there's a lot on the Billboard Top 100 with which I'm unfamiliar. Thanks for giving me a new queue!) One of my ancestors worked for Southern Pacific (not a software, but a choo-choo, engineer). His family was able to live in affordable nowhere[1] because taking the train was going to work. Before becoming a telecom provider, SPRINT was "Southern Pacific Railroad INTernal" and allowed railroaders to chat long distance with cow-orkers without dealing with Ma Bell. And the sons of Pullman porters And the sons of engineers Ride their father's magic carpets made of steam [1] Fun fact: Coalinga was originally "Coaling [station] A", retconned to sound more spanish. The spaniards themselves usually just named places after whichever saint's day it was when they first passed through. (Thomas Guides used to show rancho property lines in southern california; many of their borders go back to the original 18th century land grants) "inexplicably removed" — if I have this correct, a big difference between here and the US is that here, freight traffic pays the passenger company to use their network. In the US, I believe Amtrak has to pay the freight companies to use their networks. (a bigger difference is that one of the things we use our supercomputers for is to calculate a nationwide multimodal schedule that not only integrates trains, buses, boats, etc., but also differs minimally from the previous year's combined schedule. That'd probably run afoul of antitrust in the US) Yikes on appropriation. I had been assuming the "Trump on a Tank" image was obviously parody, both from subject matter and from the black power fist on the tank (on the mudguard just behind the sprocket). Now I wonder if this may actually be a case of "any sufficiently advanced ideology is indistinguishable from satire"? Oz attempts to be multiparadigm; I liked their taxonomy but haven't tried the language itself. (still waiting for "ADD ONE TO COBOL GIVING COBOL", myself) The Bourgeois Gentleman Complaint tablet to Ea-nasir :-) Emma Essays Gulliver's Travels HMS Pinafore In Praise of Folly Journey to the West[1] Mullah Nasruddin stories[2] Nicomachean Ethics Panchatantra Uncle Remus War & Peace[3] [1] haven't read this one yet myself, but the old cartoon "Havoc in Heaven" was good, and books are usually better than their movies. [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nasreddin , collections are probably available under multiple titles [3] much more in the book than the movie. it also looks like I should queue up Eugene Onegin. That's the optimistic angle; the pessimistic is that Helvetica grew in popularity due to its being nearly the polar opposite of a just-prior-to-mid-century use of Fraktur by a certain european political party. (Helvetia itself gained a fourth national language in 1938, due to comments made by someone who made his trains run on time; the dutch reformed their spelling in 1947 to distance their language from a neighbouring country in the same language family who they had had the involuntary pleasure of hosting, etc. etc.) Maria Ivanova tells her class at the end of the day that they should find out what their ancestors did during the Great Patriotic War. The next morning, she calls on little Johnny. He says "My great-great-grandfather was electrician: his helmet had two lightning bolts..." Edit: added involuntary, for clarity. Neemt u me niet kwalijk. From the textile viewpoint, suits are the copperplate of garments. In many cultures, traditional wear can be made out of rectangles of fabric with minimal cutting and sewing. (consider the togas from "Animal House") A suit used to say "I have so many rectangles of fabric, I can afford to waste most of them by cutting out irregular shapes and then sewing some fraction of the resulting pieces back together". (Now all it says is that I can afford the time to have someone take my measurements) They haven't even reached "brutally" yet. Dr. King advocated non-violent, economic, protest on 3.4.1968 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23414101 On 4.4.1968 they showed him the violence inherent in the system. Do you have any good anti-authority songs in your country? I've been trying to think of what might be good ones in the US tradition. In the shadow of the steeple I saw my people, By the relief office I seen my people; As they stood there hungry, I stood there asking Is this land made for you and me? But that's an ancient one... probably the kids are way ahead of me on this front? I'm more impressed that somehow Hatsune Miku was doing live concerts? Unfortunately it doesn't look like she play Wales; they'd love her there. "Mark Twain" had a posthumously published essay in which God points out that, just as one builds a boarding-house for the benefit of its boarders and not of the building, man was created for the benefit of his microbial population. A long time ago I was looking at artificial chlorophyll. About all I remember is that in comparison to inorganics, that stuff's already super wideband and detuned. (OP is definitely a cool approach, anyone know anything about last year's progress in artificial chlorophylls?) Edit: as to the effects of speeding up plant growth, we've already had several instances in history where more intensive agricultual techniques have improved crop yields, some of which were by increasing number of harvests/season. True. Also: when one is in a local maximum, bad ideas are the easiest way to get in the attraction basin of a better one. mersi — this is about the protestors, was it ever sung by them? (coincidentally, YT just suggested https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJTOD5jjac4 ) I hear the sports bettors are jonesing so hard they're even betting on what will be a dictionary's "word of the year". If they're that patient, maybe we should offer some continental plate racing? (my local mountains are actually rebounding up faster from the last glaciation than they are being eroded down by weathering — kind of the orogeny version of Wirth's Law) France also having been SECAM might explain why russian retro-80's concerts[1][2] often feature "Emmanuelle" (1974, NSFW) K7s in their "do you remember" interludes? [1] https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/Дискотека_80-х seems to be the main one, but it has competitors. [2] from the 90s, but if the instigators of the US PMRC had ever seen eurodance like https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E-Rotic they'd have been clutching their pearls. (the retro-encrypt screen's "pour en savoir+" mdr) Is Habermas worth reading to attempt to figure out what postmodernism got right? Note that even "Ancient Aliens" doesn't ask their viewers to accept anything on blind faith. 6581840dnP Yes, sorry. Try: 6582352 dpP (at least we now know the error is old enough to be in octal) sorry, I was referring to coup-watching the US. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23412986 I'm seeing military and a majority of the media as not being with the White House on "dominating the battlespace". Am I missing other power centers? (I think the Fed would prefer to see some emphasis on addressing the pandemic) Is mimesis really the issue here? The imagination/appropriation problem is only one if one assumes the reader is naively taking the author's world for truth. If a critical reader approaches a story as revealing the author as well as the characters, a story that falls short of perfect fidelity can still be entertaining, and may even be edifying. (I often work with people who are not communicating in their mother tongue. When I spot an orthographical or grammatical "error", I try to treat that as a hint of what similar constructs in their mother tongue might be; I'm sure they do the same with my translation mistakes) Youtube probably has some DDR-era stuff, if you speak german. ("Besserwesser" is a pejorative these days for former West Germans who think they know more than the former East Germans [about what it was like]) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VKBgxOY5g8 is Sting's reminiscence[1] of how his song "Russians" came to be; having watched some USSR kid's TV[2] myself, I agree with him that the russians did, in fact, love their children too. [1] Sorry it's a video, the article I originally read has gone down the memory hole. [2] hint: YT search gives different results in latin and in cyrillic. Separating BRD from DDR will be more difficult. William Gibson was too poor to afford a computer when he started writing; he's said that cyberpunk was pure imagination, and it might never have existed if he'd known what machines were really like. product placement: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjB6r-HDDI0 (somewhere I once ran across a discussion of "Starship Troopers" the book vs. "Starship Troopers" the movie, complete with a matrix of reactions depending upon how ironically one thought the ideas presented in each should be taken) How about this appropriation? Straight Outta Surrey: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bj7J7vXCf5w I am fine with it. But then again, he does acknowledge his sources: Hip Hop Was To Blame After All: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkES4anCYOw another thought: http://diafilmy.su has stuff in german, which undoubtedly is DDR-sourced. Don't know if it's indexed separately (but you might use "Poisk" to search for DDR cities to start) Not new to technological social networks. Edward Bernays wrote a couple of books on exploiting pre-computer social networks in the early 20th century. Russell once wrote "Work is of two kinds: first, altering the position of matter at or near the earth's surface relatively to other such matter; second, telling other people to do so." Maths is a constructive proof that his case analysis was not exhaustive. I'm guessing the reason we had all these named revolutions is because the something that inspires the name —phrygian caps, carnations, laban signs, etc— help coordinate the perception that a minority (Outer Party members?) actually believes in Moloch. But I've never lived through one of these — anyone on HN with firsthand experience? (Yugoslavia was, I guess, what one gets when coordination is intense but not universal) grazie! I hadn't heard that one. The wobblies anticipated Portal's "The Cake is a Lie" with "Pie in the Sky": Work and pray, live on hay You'll get pie in the sky when you die, that's a lie but later got googlebombed: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EH6n71-zctE (it's also bleakly amusing to have learned from Youtube that Paul Robeson —up until they cancelled his passport— sang different words to "Old Man River" in the US and in the USSR) On a lighter note, it seems US kids do still sing "This Land" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRnHx3yVuf4 You're welcome. See also Todd Winn: https://www.military.com/benefits/military-legal/court-marti... Bertrand Russell was a philosopher, so he wrote about the "problem of induction." "Domestic animals expect food when they see the person who usually feeds them. We know that all these rather crude expectations of uniformity are liable to be misleading. The man who has fed the chicken every day throughout its life at last wrings its neck instead, showing that more refined views as to the uniformity of nature would have been useful to the chicken." Game theorists probably have a different term for unexpectedly converting a repeated game to a terminal one. The street has its own words for this sort of person. Gift. (anglophones transferring to germanophone chemistry labs may think, at first, that the local industry is very generous) I blame The Hobbit. 'By the end of [Longfellow's] life ... carping about this beloved icon was no more acceptable than “carrying a rifle into a national park.”' Just like Gibson's “The sky above the port was the color of television, tuned to a dead channel.”, the final phrase may have changed its value in between writing and reading. Volatile literature? Living in a country where people are expensive and machines are cheap, I can attest the automation level is higher here. For instance, I often see cows at farms here enjoying automated brushing systems. There are youtube videos in english, but I don't recall ever having seen something like that in the US, even at Harris Ranch. (I have yet to witness a farmer using fully-autonomous hay feeding robots, but the ag magazines have been running articles on them) In the mid-twentieth century (IIRC) there was a "paradox" observed that the US was capital-rich but its exports were labour-intensive. Is this situation still true? > How long did mechanical looms need to show they wouldn't become sentient? They didn't become sentient, but at the time how the Quality distinguished themselves from the rabble was through art, literacy, and music, all of which were achievable (to some degree) by mechanical loomwork substituting brass for brains. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8u93VQfHmw Predation leads to optimising for speed. Calorie cost isn't such an issue if one is either getting a meal or avoiding being a meal immediately the sprint is finished. Even within ancient to medieval cavalry this tradeoff existed; the horse one rode to the battle would often not be the same breed as the horse one rode in the battle. (cavalry having arisen in the first place because a slow horse is still much faster than a fast man. infantry that can't run can't regroup) I currently believe the third-person view comes before the first-person view. There's a substantial evolutionary pressure to be able to predict one's predator or prey; even quite limited theories of mind come in handy there. Consciousness, however, isn't required — I'll argue that the first-person view is an accident: once we have a system that is suitable for modelling others, it makes sense that the creature we have the most substantial data stream on is ourselves, so we model that as well. This way around might explain why our self-awareness sometimes fails to be optimal. For how little theory of mind it takes to play antagonistic games, see Shannon's 1953 mind reading machine: https://this1that1whatever.com/miscellany/mind-reader/Shanno... (or try to play fetch with a dog, mixing two types of throws, and see how quickly it learns your tells) 33 km is much longer than I was talking about (and lends evidence to the sibling thread's persistence hunting); I'm guessing most cavalry pursuits of routed infantry would've been between 1 and 10 km. Taking world record 5k (5000m/12.58min) ~= 400 m/min versus a top CCI run (6398m/9.97min) ~= 640 m/min we see that at these shorter distances the horse has a distinct advantage. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEFeZuc3J3g Wasn't the choice between offering the brushes or brushing them manually? Around here I see that farmers find installing a EUR 2'500 brush to be much cheaper than attempting to pay cheap foreign labour to brush cows. (TIL automated pig brushes also exist) History, long form: Durant & Durant, "The Story of Civilization" History, short form: Orwell, "Animal Farm" (One of these 20th century works is an extended treatment of a bunch of animal bad apples who lie, cheat, and steal to maintain power over their fellow animals. The other is fiction) The tech debt is so legacy in those amendments that it predates SCCS. See the git blame for "three-fifths", or ponder the fate of the "Equal Rights Amendment". Note: Where I live, most young men, and some young women, have assault rifles at home. Cops still don't kill people. (might savoir-vivre have something to do with this juxtaposition?) (speaking of refactoring tech debt, the Duke of Wellington was one of the signatories to an international treaty which may have helped inspire the "Monroe Doctrine". [flagged] discussion at https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23359754 ) I keep my LinkedIn mostly to be aware of how much they know about several decades of my true social graph. (cf Böll —he did work in statistics, so I think the irony is strong in this one— https://www.tandfonline.com/na101/home/literatum/publisher/t... ) Still hoping I won't have to reevaluate my amateur Brandenberg analysis: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23349804 (the US military is now even less of a concern, but I'd forgotten about all the other groups in-country, awash in small arms and light weapons) For the low-tech version, see Dolly Parton's Imagination Library. I'm waiting for the pentagon plan for "nazis from the dark side of the moon advise the president on reelection messaging." A "Culture Club" seems to have been a place people went in soviet times when they were bad (or even already halfway decent) at things, in order to improve in a supportive environment. So far, the only clue I have as to how close practice came to theory is the 1956 film "Carnival Night", in which old-school russian hackers mess with the power and information nets of their club in order to save their New Year's party from a Party functionary who takes his leadership role entirely too seriously. (would a community college be a rough US equivalent?) Luckily the censorship game in the US is strong, but not that strong. I read a book about propaganda written by someone who wrote it for the US in WW2, and he was able to explicitly state (a chapter or two in) that he only gave examples of axis propaganda in the book because his side's were classified, but to remember that everyone did the same things. (he did leave for a footnote that for examples of pornographic propaganda one would have to visit archives at an address in Washington DC; guess that'd be the 1950's talking) It's the only way to bring inorganics down to parts-per-billion. (what do we want? 18,2 MΩ cm! when do we want it? on demand!) C, E-flat, and G go into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, but we don't serve minors." So E-flat leaves, and C and G have an open fifth between them. After a few drinks, the fifth is diminished, and G is out flat. F comes in and tries to augment the situation, but is not sharp enough. D comes in and heads for the bathroom, saying, "Excuse me; I'll just be a second." Then A comes in, but the bartender is not convinced that this relative of C is not a minor. Then the bartender notices B-flat hiding at the end of the bar and says, "Get out! You're the seventh minor I've found in this bar tonight." E-flat comes back the next night in a three-piece suit with nicely shined shoes. The bartender says, "You're looking sharp tonight. Come on in, this could be a major development." Sure enough, E-flat soon takes off his suit and everything else, and is au natural. Eventually C sobers up and realizes in horror that he's under a rest. C is brought to trial, found guilty of contributing to the diminution of a minor, and is sentenced to 10 years of D.S. without Coda at an upscale correctional facility. Part of the problem the USSR faced at implosion was that its major export, oil, was not only produced in increasing supply (by saudi) but was priced in a weakening currency (USD). If it turned out the US doesn't like countries like Iran or Venezuela, a weaker dollar would serve foreign policy. Also, a weaker dollar would be better for young people in the US. Making exports expensive and imports cheap doesn't help an economy grow over the long run* (see JPY), it only benefits those who already have lots of USD. So depending upon the generational balance of power within the US, a weaker dollar might also serve domestic policy. * for short term goals (like M&A of the DDR) a strong currency can be beneficial. The Plaza Accord was instigated by the US. But that was the 1980s; these days, when a safe-haven country attempts to keep Francs from appreciating (which should be under our control) due to sabre-rattling by China and the US (not under our control), we get placed under the double secret probation. https://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/swiss-franc-climbs-after-us-add... (why is the US treasury telling us what to do? We've attempted to adjust against EUR, so if you all don't like USD/CHF why don't you all work the USD lever instead?) Try "Zeus" or "Jupiter" for ancient furry. Also, rich renaissance italians didn't just invite dates upstairs to see their etchings, they had statuary. A plausible theory explaining: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suburban_Baths_(Pompeii)#Eroti... is that, just like modern parking garages are often colour coded, "you're unlikely to forget where you left your street clothes with those murals". Were there any "я сама крымчанка дочь офицера" accounts on their list? The Anglicans are a state-run church with the bomb, maybe they'd better watch out. The map says an O-1 outranks an E-7; the territory says a wise O-1 takes cues from their E-7. In the old days, this game used to be played with passports and visas[1]. I was surprised to hear a recording of Paul Robeson singing "Old Man River" in Moscow, with the lines Show a little grit And you land in jail Someone must've narced on him for showing a little grit: he didn't land in jail, but his economic livelihood (from touring internationally) was effectively destroyed when his passport was pulled. "Yes, Minister" introduced me to conjugations of the form: I am an activist You are a troll He is a bot To be perfectly clear: I am in favor of free exchange of ideas (what day of Eternal September[2] is today?); just trying to point out that repression at the hands of the state can take many forms, some more obvious than others. [1] why do US visa authorities harvest VK and Youku accounts, anyway? [2] that was too cynical; we're actually living in one of the easiest times for ordinary people to communicate, with other ordinary people in other cultures, ever. Not only do we have an internet (so timezone is more of a barrier than location), machine translation is no longer "invisible, insane." Was the Brave New World that anti-utopian? For all we know, the island may have been super chill. So what's the gold standard of whispered convos these days? Last I'd been paying attention it was standing in the surf. On the bright side, because it's not normal, it makes it easier to spot people who might be worth hanging out with. (like Dolphus Raymond with his paper bag, engaging with kids may provide useful cover for playful adults) "When Kelvin looked through the eyepiece he saw what was undoubtedly the phenomenon that Maxwell had described, but in addition there was the image of a little man dancing about ... Maxwell had achieved this by the addition of a zoetrope ... Kelvin could not help asking: 'What is the little man there for?' ... 'Just for fun, Thomson.'" https://www.cambridge.org/core/books/fourier-analysis/ode-to... Being able to poke fun at oneself is one the components of my personal turing test. (but that would imply /r/totallynotrobots/ are indeed human. ERROR! ERROR! +++ATH + "(Oäç/"ç ä%()/ ç%(/ ç tape_drive_spinning.gif this must be an early training video of an Antifa sleeper cell: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9KCMBBn0EI (given the existence of poorly-regulated militia in small towns, it's a good thing it's just self-inflicted fantasy; professionally-developed fantasy would look more like https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Scherhorn ) Are there any good Downfall bunker scenes about Antifa yet? Yes. I'd be grateful if you ever remember an URL. Specifically, Mond tells us (ch 16): "One would think he was going to have his throat cut," said the Controller, as the door closed. "Whereas, if he had the smallest sense, he'd understand that his punishment is really a reward. He's being sent to an island. That's to say, he's being sent to a place where he'll meet the most interesting set of men and women to be found anywhere in the world. All the people who, for one reason or another, have got too self-consciously individual to fit into community-life. All the people who aren't satisfied with orthodoxy, who've got independent ideas of their own. Every one, in a word, who's any one. I almost envy you, Mr. Watson." Brits in the Austen period distinguished between attributes, acquisitions, and accomplishments. The first are things one is born with and keep until death, such as eye colour. The second are things one has bought and may sell. The last are things one has done, or has learned how to do. You may not be able to acquire instances of 'architecture porn', but you can enjoy them (and may even be able to rent them), and very little keeps you from accomplishing things. Starting with Reagan seems optimistic; I'd blame Earl "get big or get out" Butz for your predicament. alternative meatpacking, cool automation videos https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23367350 automation (cow and pig brushes) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23474129 (off topic, but I consider HFCS sickness in food supply https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23363053 ) Thanks! It's reassuring to consider that "Amusing Ourselves to Death" was written in the 1980s. The comic doesn't address the ways to leave the system, however. Brave New World, as mentioned above, has its islands, and (not having read anything of 1984 beyond the Goldstein chapters: is there anything I don't already have from pop culture in the rest of the book, or are those chapters just the "fast-forward"?) it seems that Oceanic refuseniks who didn't wish to toe the party line could be ignored by joining the proletariat (which might imply material and intellectual poverty, but freedom's just another word...) 炬燵 are a thing Sturgeon's Law at work? (skimming further in the thread, I must admit that subreddits subhead is accurate) Going from writing reasoned, informative posts to disrespecting the Wu-Tang Clan must be a pretty tragic arc. "Federal Indian trust responsibility" seems to be the term of art. Like with the South Dakotan governor's opinions on tribal Covid checkpoints, I'd expect the CDC to become more cooperative after they've consulted counsel. https://youtu.be/rRnHx3yVuf4?t=67 The US has commendable ideals. My heritage is of a web that worked just fine without cookies at all. I've failed to find it in either Leibniz https://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/ads-00104781/document or Napier (Rabdologiæ), but at some point I'd read a (seven-/eighteenth century) paper which explicitly called out steganography as an application of binary encodings. From Socrates to Evans, using questions has been part of a long tradition. What are pre-Socratic examples? (Why is this punctuation different from all other punctuation: ?) Western companies also reorganise involuntarily, through leveraged buy-outs. Are these not big in Japan? Children may not be capable of the sustained informed rigour needed to "work on" philosophy, but they're certainly capable of the playful inquiry needed to "hack around" philosophy. (I had a sports coach who used to ask the little kids questions like "what is freedom?" I asked him why he asked them questions that adults fail to answer, and he replied he was hoping that, in five or ten years if not now, they might come up with an answer he hasn't yet run across) (from profile: "What if thoughts had Fourier transforms?") Couldn't the "frequency-domain" conjugate of thoughts be Vannevar Bush's "Associative Trails"? One might think that predictive keyboards would make the epistolary genre more accessible, but I'm still seeing a general decline in paragraph count between olduse.net and online conversations pretty much everywhere outside of /r/AskHistorians. (Theodore Roosevelt's 1903 State of the Union speech had a Flesch-Kinkaid score of 15,1. But then again, apparently even Queen Elizabeth's christmas messages have become measurably less posh over her lifetime) https://www.theguardian.com/world/interactive/2013/feb/12/st... http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/1080228.stm Specific actionable bit: "... as if no one had ever tried before, try to say what you see and feel and love and lose. ... avoid those forms that are too facile and ordinary ... write about what your everyday life offers you; describe your sorrows and desires, the thoughts that pass through your mind and your belief in some kind of beauty. ... use the Things around you, the images from your dreams, and the objects that you remember." tl;dr "c'est en forgeant qu'on devient forgeron" Edit: one exercise from soviet education (no idea if this is still done in modern russia) I'd think worth stealing is that the teacher would pick a selection of famous lines out of a poem, and ask the class to write their own verses around one of them. If I remember the story correctly, the chorus to Leningrad's "In [St.] Peter[sburg] we booze" was inspired by a line "Peter — endure, endure" from a classical russian poem. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ugivNRYfjc I think I know what Rilke was trying to say, because of "Understanding Comics" by Scott McCloud. McCloud has a series of components of craft, from the superficial aspects of a comic to the abstract storytelling behind it. He says that people often begin by paying attention to the superficial ("I want to draw ${character} just like the artist does") but end up paying attention to the abstract ("wow, this Homer dude had a knack for characterisation and pacing, several thousand years ago"). So I think Rilke was saying he won't attempt criticism (won't talk about technical details such as rhythm or structure or vocabulary) because none of that matters until the poet has something to communicate (has found their voice, a style of their own) in their poetry. For an athlete, it might be that it's not useful attempting criticism of the finer points of their checking technique ("keep your elbow further in during a shoulder check") if they haven't yet figured to skate to where the puck is going ("skating to where the puck has been" being equivalent to paying too much attention to what outsiders are saying). Returning to the comics metaphor, imagine if Rilke were trying to nicely say "these model sheets you've sent are technically slick, but they all look like Marvel characters ... what do your characters look like?" (at which point I guess Rule 63 might be the equivalent of the poetry exercise in the sibling thread: it constrains a lot of decisions as to style, tone, etc. yet the gender swap forces one to make decisions of one's own) They're conjugate in the sense that thoughts will be part of many different trails, while trails are composed of many different thoughts. Focus too much on the specific thought, and one loses track of which specific trail; focus too much on the trail, and one loses track of which thought. (so a self-reinforcing coherent group of thoughts and trails would be a gaussian?) Speaking of dehumanisation and abstraction, Roberto Begnini's "math problem" scene: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LhuGKejDq8&t=116 came to mind during March-era discussions of possible Covid responses. Fortunately (or unfortunately, depending upon where one lives), fighting poverty is like fighting pandemics: some places try it, and others declare it difficult* and leave it untried. * "difficult" being the charitable interpretation of the people who will argue, at length and in print, that having poverty or having an endemic or having brutality is somehow better than the alternatives. (in my country, it's considered shocking news that, unemployment having reached almost 4%, thousands of people showed up for food handouts during the pandemic. It's considered ongoing news that we still have double digits, about 1% of peak, of new virus cases per day. Both public mass shootings from this century are considered national tragedies) Having worked in remote sensing[1] in the distant past, every now and then I still glance at the Wassenaar Agreement[2] to find out what today's fun stuff may be. [1] interplanetary on my part, but I have no illusions that our funders didn't have further intraplanetary applications in mind. I was young and needed the money. [2] https://www.wassenaar.org/app/uploads/2019/12/WA-DOC-19-PUB-... (as far as watching bunkers being dug, I'm pretty sure LIDAR already gives a much cleaner signal) A few years ago I went on a non-anglophone[1] YouTube kick; my anecdote is that the comments sections were generally less toxic. [1] YouTube's filter bubble seems to lag a few days to a week on searches, so moving it around takes patience, but is possible. "American electoral system" was properly qualified. "Ad-supported internet economy" was missing a qualifier. GDP gives nominal values; PPP attempts to give a better estimate of actual goods and services available. I would not be surprised if it turns out the ratio of factual information to false information is higher in propaganda outlets than in ad-sponsored outlets. (ad-sponsored media measure what ratio of advertising to editorial maximizes their profit. Propagandists do the same; if you want eyeballs on the propaganda, you need plenty of straight content in between) Linebarger, "Psychological Warfare" (1948) http://www.gutenberg.org/files/48612/48612-h/48612-h.htm "The intelligence that goes into the making of propaganda must compete for attention with the home newspaper of the enemy. It must therefore be up-to-date, well put, authentic. ... Even if exaggerations or nonsense appear in the commercial press of his own country, the propagandist must realize that he is Honorary G-2 to the enemy—a G-2 whose function consists of transmitting news the ultimate effect of which should be bad but which should go forth with each separate item newsworthy and palatable. ... The Japanese who obediently hated the Americans when it was their duty to do so nevertheless could not help looking at maps that showed where the Americans actually were. Nazis who despised us and everything we stood for nevertheless studied the photographs of our new light bombers. The appeal of credible fact is universal; propaganda does not consist of doctoring the fact with moralistic blather, but of selecting that fact which is correct, interesting, and bad for the enemy to know." Note that in 2020, double-checking credible fact has become easier than it was in 1950. C19 has been estimated to cause a 5% dip in global production. Given how controversial this small drop has been, suggesting that people be comfortable with their natural selves is likely to receive some amount of push-back. (it'd affect not only "beauty" and "fashion", but probably also some fraction of "automotive") https://britishbeautycouncil.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/... has (p.28) "The £7.0 billion [tax] contribution potentially supports vital public service work, and was equivalent to the salaries of 250,000 nurses and midwives" The oldest russian fashion magazine of which I am aware is "Mod": still on the newsstand (Vol 63x) and published since the 1940's. http://jurnali-online.ru/zhurnal-mod https://books.google.ch/books?id=DZDCCAAAQBAJ&pg=PP211&lpg=P... The creative for "Does she...or doesn't she?" knew her target audience: https://www.nytimes.com/1998/06/08/nyregion/shirley-polykoff... 20 years ago, and even 40 years ago, it was also true that urban communities arguably[1] had more in common with each other than with their surrounding rural communities. (the future was there, it just wasn't evenly distributed yet) [1] Jane Jacob's "The Economy of Cities" argues that cities resembling each other has been true for at least 5'000 years. Sorry, being from the pre-Canter & Siegel days, and not being exposed to any of those funding sources in my surfing now, I missed them. How does "directly-financed internet economy" sound? That's why I had the caveat of "former". However, he's published NYT op-eds, and isn't exactly, I believe, considered persona grata in US politics, so there is precedent for the NYT running "officially distasteful" opinions. Then again, the US doesn't seem to have any equivalent to: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don_Camillo_and_Peppone If people weren't yearning for unrealistic images (note: this is neutral as to whether the irrealism ultimately comes from demand pull* or production push) the impact on GDP from foregone purchasing would probably be a substantial fraction of the currently observed C19 impact. Beauty: 2% UK consumer expenditure (1,8% UK GDP) Fashion: 7% UK consumer expenditure Transportation: former as given above, latter from https://fashionunited.uk/uk-fashion-industry-statistics/ (a decade ago, there seemed to be two distinct types of car brochure: those that show all the happy people inside the car, and those that show the car from the outside, with reflections avoiding any hint of the occupants) * as noted above, even the soviets, not otherwise known for producing a wide range of consumer goods, had fashion mags. Interesting that bottom up techniques come to the same low-dimensional conclusions as top down techniques. https://i.redd.it/1zk6cin78ng31.jpg After further reading, I get the impression that Bennet was already at odds with his newsroom, and far from being a "Cultural Revolution", running Cotton was simply the straw that shoved him out. I'm sure the free market will find him another job, and he seems like a smart guy, so this time around he'll probably get along better with his staff. There's a market power story here. If one grows a perishable crop, like onions (or even hogs, in countries with centralised meatpacking), one is at the mercy of the markets that season. If one can store the crop (corn->bourbon, poppies->opium, etc.) then, for the price of the processing, one has a lot more options about when to sell and can attempt to get better prices. (I live in a jurisdiction where people come around the villages with stills on trailers, and will distill your excess fruit production. Some farmers even leave their extra bottles on a table in the farmyard, with a box for the money when we non-farmers stop by to buy some) My brief stint in journalism was after hot metal but before full computerisation. We typeset by keyboarding into a machine that produced column-wide printed output. Afterwards, to do layout, 'Cut' was done with a blade, and 'Paste' was literal. (in this vid, too: 25:32) Never saw how the actual back-end printing was done, but we did cadge used printing plates from the big paper downtown when we needed thin aluminium sheet for other hacks. Are 24:32 cordwood modules? 25:13 the days when storage was dangerous if it fell on you (now it's probably riskier that you might choke on it). ___________ | ooo . | | ooo . | | ooo .o | | o . | | oo .o | | o . | | oo .o o| | ooo .oo | | oo . o| | oo o. | | o. o | ___________ You might also like "abstract comics". Here, Wells constrasts the work of writing for an english audience with the hack value of playing with english itself. In our language, Joyce might've posted a "Show HN" of some reflective lispian tower that self-rewrites at runtime to collapse into monadic machine code, and Wells would comment that it was probably more fun to write than to use, and as for himself, he will keep on plugging along in javascript to produce value for his paying users. There's more than one way to skin a cat. Now locomotive power engineers can even have fun turning bugs (harmonics in the audio range) into features (solfege): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iLrXDU31Dg Lattices are also ordered (by intellectual descent) with respect to early explorations in philosophy, such as using transitivity on "Socrates is a man" and "All men are mortal". Without lattices, we would never have had the ambiguous phrase "computer scientists commonly choose models which have bottoms, but prefer them topless" occurring in a serious textbook. Edit: agreed, intellectual descent is only partially ordered, but the interval between aristotle's example syllogism and lattices contains a chain. Guess I should've said "also comparable (by." My current favourite Metric C: "If you feel like showing off, average everything into everything else and call it the Gross Index of Total Enemy Morale. This won't fool anyone who knows the propaganda business, and you won't be able to do anything with or about it, but you can hang it on a month-by-month chart in the front office, where visitors can be impressed at getting in on a military secret. (Incidentally, if some smart enemy agent sees it and reports it back, enemy intelligence experts will go mad trying to figure out just how you got that figure. It's like the old joke that the average American is ten-elevenths White, 52% female, and always slightly pregnant.)" Shorter "American Alpine Journal" (circa 1970s): we were tired, hungry, cold, low on oxygen, and that's when we made this stupid mistake and ${colleague} died. I don't know what current standards may be; around the turn of the century there was a proposal that a team should include someone at base camp radioing simple math questions "6 times 9" and timing the response. If the response time increased significantly, they'd say it was time to turn back. (Viesturs on how to train to climb without supplemental oxygen: he doesn't think he trained to do it, he's just lucky to be a freak) It's meant to be an homage (programage?) to /usr/games/ppt but my memories could easily have suffered bitrot. There was an extra newline. (according to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baudot_code AT&T used post-1963 encodings) What's the "12+" next to the date? Does that imply gov.ru also has NSFW subdomains? - Open up! Police! Your neighbours called. - Nu, so go next door. We didn't call for police, we called for ... ... produced in any country. I wonder if the money Crypto AG made will have been worth any future reputation cost for Zug's economy. https://www.luzernerzeitung.ch/wirtschaft/bund-stoppt-nachfo... "... verkaufte die Crypto AG im Auftrag des US-Geheimdienstes CIA und des deutschen Bundesnachrichtendienstes Jahrzehnte lang manipulierte Chiffriergeräte an diverse Staaten." Coming chip wars? I remember stories of vax boxen filled with concrete in previous export restriction wars, not to mention japan losing chip production to south korea. 20th century: https://micro.magnet.fsu.edu/creatures/pages/russians.html (my russian is atrocious, but it's good enough to know the story given has obviously been elaborated in the telling before it hit this web page) 21st century: https://www.brookings.edu/wp-content/uploads/2020/04/FP_2020... (much of Blank's "secret history" of SV is an outline that chips have been strategic since before they existed https://steveblank.com/secret-history/ ) Some not as obvious as others. I'd never noticed it before on https://aif.ru but now that I look the 16+ is way down in the footer bar. Sps)) Obviously President Trump would prefer Twitter to Telegram, at least if he's still on a bleach & laser kick, given that the original URL says "propagandizing suicidal behavior" is one of their blacklist categories. :-) For some time, meaning since 1949 or so. How does one get in the situation? Kennedy suggested working towards a world where it wouldn't matter who had the largest economy, all countries could compete peacefully, etc. but at least one person in 1963 didn't think that a worthwhile project. yes, they have :( Strategic bombing is a good example of network analysis of national economies. I don't know if anyone was doing this in 1914-1918[1], but an under-appreciated aspect of 1939-1945 is how much it was about nodes and links. Ford-Fulkerson wasn't published until 1956, but someone must've been doing similar analyses to pick allied bombing targets[2]. And linear programming, courtesy Kantorovich, helped save Leningrad during the siege. (Strategic bombing requires strategic bombers which require airframes, which would explain the some-markets-are-freer-than-others deviation of https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defense_Production_Act_of_1950... ) [1] apart from the poor fellow who ran railroad operations for the german army, who wrote a whole book afterwards about how it wasn't "too late" to recall the troops and he could've stopped mobilisation before the french border if anyone had actually bothered to give the order. (edit: found a name, Staab https://www.historynet.com/kaisers-question-1914.htm ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strategic_bombing_during_World... suggests it wasn't developed to the extent it would be, mid-century. Incidentally, Kissinger is well worth reading. Many think he's a war criminal. Maybe he himself thinks he's a war criminal. But he does explain his reasonings at length, and his justification for his counsels seems to have been a desire to avoid situations like 1914, where entire empires fell due to a cascade of stupidity. (whether we actually got any tasty omelettes from his broken eggs is, I believe, still an open question) [2] that some people still carry out these analyses is witnessed by the fact that the US Department of Homeland Security for some reason has been tracking the price (volumes, really) of tea (and other goods) in China. My dear colleague, the bowl doesn't go on your head. There was a period local rite of keg standing* and the Stanley Cup, judging from the materials (evidence for an expanded elite trade network), is obviously an apparatus for the temple version of this ritual. * In Great White North, head goes on bowl. ObCanada: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QCcWzLAcv4o The pre-internet saying was "freedom of the press is for those who own one." (journalists like to think of themselves as professionals, but publishers are not journalists. These days I guess we have to mention that random people with a truck and vlog are "journalists" in the same sense that random people with headphones and an open incognito tab are "scientists") For your amusement, WASP self-parody: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTU2He2BIc0 "haters like to ???? ?? our ivy league education / but they're just jealous 'cause our families run the nation" (as far as I can tell, this commerical was only aired in New England. That's OK, the P-word is their word, they can use it. "Sloane Ranger" for our brit friends, I suppose. It's "Goldküstenmilieu" here. What is the term in your countries?) It's been 30 years since Yugoslavia so you all have fortunately avoided that particular misfortune arising from polarisation and breakdown in civil discourse. The great advantage of Trump for those of us in the rest of the world is that his emphasis has been on doing unto his own rather than doing unto others. If medieval military structure influenced feudalism, I can see strategic bombing https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23572030 as influencing vectoralism. But I'm not super convinced vectoralist/hacker is that useful a distinction. I think Orwell called it correctly in predicting Oceania, Eurasia, and Eastasia. Where he went too far[1], perhaps because he grew up in a parliamentary system, is in not predicting that the Oceanic outer party would be dualised in two distinct thought-monitoring parties: the pitchfork party and the torch party. https://i.imgur.com/RlmIFzj.jpeg [1] I haven't read anything but the Goldstein chapters, so all my knowledge of the rest is from pop culture. Is there anything there, or is it "fast-forward?" (Also, it seems pop culture overplays universal oppression: at least 87% of the population appears to be unaffected. Doesn't the severe dystopia only hit those readers who identify with outer party members?) If it's the same threat I'm thinking of, the phrase apparently has a history for americans, like "Лес рубят, щепки летят" might for russians (or maybe not? is the Stalin association a purely anglophone one?). "Racially charged" is a thing in the US. I read russia freed the serfs in 1861, does anyone beyond historians have an interest in cultural influences of serfdom now? The US military doctrine differs with you on how armed authorities should approach crowd control: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23347585 (an older manual, but the doctrine seems to be up to date: they have shown themselves unwilling to play cossacks for their czar, both in word and in deed. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23412986 https://www.military.com/benefits/military-legal/can-militar... ) By the way, speaking of shooting, what did you think of "Брат 2"? There are people with LE background who have ideas for how to improve it: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23429390 (my current theory as to why the US military is more enlightened than US police is (a) they normally operate in situations where they have to win hearts and minds, and (b) "up or out" gets rid of bad apples) For what it's worth, I have colleagues who have gone through police academy. It's 2 years here, which may correlate with the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_killings_by_law_enforc... these are what a web search gives me: https://www.newspapers.com/clip/52372056/walter-everett-head... or, for general sentiment: https://www.newspapers.com/clip/52393672/the-los-angeles-tim... as well as cause for optimism: https://edition.cnn.com/2020/06/18/politics/peggy-wallace-ke... (about George "segregation forever" Wallace's daughter and grandson) I know americans who truly believe it is a colour-blind country where everyone is middle-class. I hope they can make it so. found in english: https://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-facebook-trump/facebook-ta... As you all point out, this could simply be highly unfortunate coincidence. I would advise the white house to try internally circulating campaigns for feedback before running them. (a flight of fancy: the infamous Antifa agent Max Isayev, as part of a highly structured plot —supported not only by the FBI, but also by Thurn und Taxis and the Trans Scouts of America— to prevent Trump's reelection, has gone deep undercover at Fox under the name of Seymour Buttz, and has been both circulating memes with unfortunate connotations among the Base and flashing subliminal emoji during programming, confident that in the US things that happened in WW2 are even less part of common knowledge than things that Ancient Astronaut theorists believe, making it more likely his nefarious "suggestions" will intermittently seep into campaign material with the innocents none the wiser.) The book made it clear that during his few years bumming around, he made plenty of mistakes too. Luckily, then, he had other people around to bail him out. "Gravy Planet" / "The Space Merchants" The pro argument: many of the people I've exchanged email with[1] from that period have indicated that functional had more geek cred even then. The con argument: we have enough memory and cpu now that functional languages are more practical than they ever were, which may help them be more prêt-à-porter fashion than the haute couture of a geekish peacock tail or springbok leap. [1] I'm usually asking questions about long-dead endian-style controversies (cue the compromise of arrays starting at 0,5), and it's been nice to hear many of the people involved recommending the work of their opposites. Folk history seems to ascribe more dogmatic attitudes to the people who lived through technical controversies than they actually have. Another lesson learned: when I try to tease out chains of influences, a not uncommon response is "I wish I'd been that clever, really it was just hacked together." Sorry, I'll reword: Thanks to Moore's Law, functional programming is no longer just for the mainframe, but can now be used for normal programs on standard platforms. If more people choose functional now just because they like the style[1], then it could be that procedural would be becoming less fashionable[2] over time. [1] instead of before, when "wearing the hair shirt" of functional programming could be seen as declaring oneself a strong enough hacker that one could hack despite all the practical drawbacks. (compare "Honest Costly Signal" in the context of https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23570975 ) [2] in the mass fashion vs class fashion sense. (compare https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23560291 . I doubt it's controversial to say functional has always been on the Joycean side.) Might be difficult. I couldn't turn up any policy in brief surfing, but the only posthumous degrees I found were non-doctoral, and https://psychology.fas.harvard.edu/people/mary-whiton-calkin... doesn't bode well. (I'm probably just cynical, but if we took up a large enough collection, I'd bet they'd be willing to grant a degree in lieu of naming a building.) It's not only HN which has been affected by George Floyd. I ran across the following modern visualisation on a site which normally runs container shipping news. https://slavevoyages.org/voyage/database#timelapse One can clearly see the British slave trade dry up post 1815. (on a site normally dealing with maritime issues, I see Lloyd's of London have apologised for their work insuring these voyages) Trump's power as a statesman is that he doesn't feel the need to ride a horse. Starace rode a horse. Reagan rode a horse. Putin rode a horse. Le Pen rode a horse. Kim rode a horse. Kadyrov rode a horse. Johnson sat on a horse. Bolsonaro rode a horse. Do you ever see Trump on a horse? No, that's unpredictability for you. He doesn't need to do what the cool kids do. He's a leader, not a follower. Horse sense in 1779: https://www.loc.gov/resource/ppmsca.33532/ Equines have not much cortex, but they do prefer their allies reliable. (the counter argument here would be Animal Farm's Boxer. We'll all discover which model had a better fit, later this year.) Reading CACM on 50-year delay gives me an interesting diff against current state of the art. Functional programming was a thing (albeit perhaps before "functional programming" was a name) in the sixties. CPL, IIRC, actually had an outer-functional semantics, and one would escape to "value of" blocks to do procedural stuff (which was necessary in inner code due to the pitifully small machines of the day). Writing bootstrap compilers in GPM must've been very similar to working in a lazy functional language. See also https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PAL_(programming_language) It's not as if the vocabulary in tech doesn't change* every few decades anyway. In this case the vocabulary change is intentional, but even if one believes it misguided, it's hard to argue it's harmful. * Myer and Sutherlands "On the Design of Display Processors" gives some sense of how we go around in circles (or, hopefully, spirals), but I'm unaware of any reference for how vocabulary changes while the concepts remain unaltered. An example might be "prefix sum" calculations (or whatever they're called on GPUs nowadays), as these have appeared under different names back to before computers. (when hand calculating, in the days when "computer" was a job description, not a machine, and US Navy calculations took weeks to run, shallow parallel algorithms could save substantial sums) "Voice recognition lift" (BBC Scotland) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3lYLphzAnw Your colleagues might be amused by Europanto[1], a creole created for amusement by professional translators. My modest proposal is this: it used to annoy the brits that european english differs[2] to their dialect. On the other side, we should incite the possibility to embrace[3] our dialect for international use. Finally, this would paradoxically be a gift to EN-GB speakers, because EN-US speakers might then experience being separated by a common language. [1] http://www.europanto.be/cabillot1.html [2] https://www.eca.europa.eu/Other%20publications/EN_TERMINOLOG... [3] as in s'pore, lah? knowing which part of town you are from means I no longer have to ask where you went to school, but there's still more to know, like: What was your mama's name? Can you make a roux? (more seriously, New Orleans falls under my list of "civilised" places, because Carnaval/Fasnacht is still a thing there) Fuss is because we have both french è é à and german ü ö ä on our keyboards, so we don't have room for ß. Luckily for shell scripting, $ is unshifted (shifted would be £. I far prefer USD GBP CHF etc.) (nonante-neuf > quatre-vingt-dix-neuf. Fais-moi changer d'avis :-) ) Nothing wrong with tribalism as long as we're all seeking to understand people from other tribes instead of imposing our own tribe's[1] ways upon them[2]. A little less "melting pot" and a little more "salad"[3] might go a long way towards whirled peas. [1] and even that "own tribe" has a fractal nature. Scratch a dialect and one finds a collection of idiolects. [2] my understanding of swiss german dialect history is that there used to be pressure to educate the lower and middle classes to speak "standard" german, as the upper classes did. Developments in the 1930s put an end to that, so now not only do we encourage Romansh https://rm.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Pagina_principala (Mussolini had claimed they were just peasants who couldn't speak italian correctly) but one can tell where politicians and captains of industry grew up by how they speak. Differences are celebrated, not merely tolerated, or worse, steamrollered away. https://als.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Houptsyte gives the flavour of the dialects, but a more academic reference is required for all the isoglosses. (the variety of isoglosses also means that for informal use, SMS, internet, etc. orthography is a matter of regional taste) [3] in which the constituents retain their identity but taste much better because they're all mixed together. cultures are a fourier transform of humanity? People find Brave New World's Betas and Gammas[1] to be evidence of dystopia, but my observation of the US school system is that by moving[2] to a specific ZIP+4, one attempts to influence one's viviparous children's lot in life by picking their friends' parents. On the russian side, I'll make the preposterous claim that Crimea had to be "liberated", because otherwise how else were non-Moscow parents supposed to be able to send their kids to Artek[3] for the summer? [1] undoubtedly thought of as an expansion on the 1966 system: https://twitter.com/johncleese/status/1254130854462455813 [2] what are current premiums for houses with "good schools?" [3] https://artek.org There's some prior work (in animal models) on when the transition occurs from critical need to inherent need. https://pages.uoregon.edu/adoption/studies/HarlowMLE.htm is probably enough of a start (monkeys ca. 1950). I dimly recall "imprinting" studies in other species from the 1970s. Jefferson's pantograph goes back well before his time. Also, by use of a pantograph (2 axes of translation) between two linked turntables (rotation), one could enlarge maquettes for finishing sculpture that had been roughly pointed. of possible interest to those who have only calculated areas in GIS or CAD tools: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planimeter affluence (n) a state often correlated with both influence and effluents. TIL the great schism in baptism isn't between (a) the baptists who dance, and (o) the baptists who don't have sex standing up because that might lead to dancing. :-) Here's a nice ecumenical baptist video, sadly (judging by YT views) hidden under a bushel: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjLSo3cRh6g (for HNers who have never lived in the southern US, 0:29 depicts a spit cup. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spittoon As for myself, I'm with the Popular Front of Judea.) I have often wondered why the 1989 revolution was so violent in comparison with the rest of the warsaw pact, but learning about experiments like that help provide background. (anyone know how much lead there was in romanian petrol circa 1969?) Easy mode: each participant in a dialogue speaks their own language. Hard mode: each participant in a dialogue speaks the other's language. Interesting, but I wasn't even thinking of the Ceausescus in particular. In https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolutions_of_1989#Romania it says "over 1,000 people died" (one link away says "Death(s) 689–1,290") which seems very high compared with neighbouring Bulgaria and Hungary. I had been sceptical about the Iraq adventure in part because my observations tell me the US attempted nation-building, in its own back yard, in 1866 and still hadn't fully managed it by 1966[1]. Looking for mid-nineteenth century civil wars, I find https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Revolutions_of_1848 and maybe I'm just too ignorant of domestic politics in these countries, but it doesn't seem that any of them still have divisions rooted in those conflicts, or even still had in the mid-twentieth century. It's unclear how much geographic sectarian division there is in the current US. I would hope most yankees would agree that Sherman was an arsonist, and most southerners would agree that lynching is despicable (and most memes I run across on the internet to the contrary of either originate in a relatively small community of trolls?). As to the original question, try a web search on "you know you're a southerner when". There are definitely cultural differences which can be, and usually are, celebrated without any reference to the Lost Cause. (In some ways, southern culture may be more familiar to europeans. A german[2] colleague of mine once asked me "how do you confuse an american?". "How?", I replied. "Answer them, when they ask you how you're doing.") [1] there is hope for 2066: compare George Wallace with his grandson https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23574675 [2] Wessi oder Ossi? mox nix. Do national myths need to be heroic? When we started virus measures (lasting two months), the government didn't invoke William Tell, instead leaning on the spirit of "Unus pro omnibus, omnes pro uno." Two american songs that resonate most with my head-canon of the "American Dream" are: "Coat of Many Colors" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYAdKXzGtcY "This Land" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRnHx3yVuf4 neither of which are particularly statue-wise heroic. But it's been a long time since I've been in the States. What are some current national mythos songs there? It's been a long while since I've been in the south, but I'd never heard a southerner say "poor white trash". poor whites are a thing. white trash are a thing. they are exclusive categories. Edit: removed the way to distinguish between them. You all were correct, I should be more charitable. Very well said about the sin eaters. I once heard a joke: "in the south, they don't care how close you get as long as you don't get too rich. in the north, they don't care how rich you get as long as you don't get too close." But the colder truth is probably the french "il y a des cons partout": jerks are everywhere. As far as figuring anything out, the best I've figured so far (my back and knees being in better shape than yours) is a line from a movie I saw in the States: Be excellent to each other and party on, dudes (californian "dude" is not only unisex but can even be used, with proper intonation, to communicate whole phrases) See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_Course I wonder if anything similar happened with regard to Reconstruction? There are various indian wars, but they shouldn't have been big enough to roll back Reconstruction. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Sioux_War_of_1876 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nez_Perce_War https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northern_Cheyenne_Exodus On topic: Custer lost decisively at Greasy Grass, but he still has statues. Life in hardscrabble Ohio might be like life in Pennysltucky, but neither of those are below the Mason-Dixon line. Looks like he went to Nashville at 28, after getting out of Ohio jail. Thanks for enlarging my country horizons. What do you think of Hank3? (Hank Jr's "cold cold ground" I like, but otherwise I prefer the other two Hanks) Like many things in Real Genius, it had some basis in fact: as I heard the story, the sweepstakes stuffing was done via line printer, when they were leading- instead of trailing-edge technology. As I understand it, Snowden is perfectly willing to go on trial in the US, as long as said trial is conducted in public. Körner, "The Pleasures of Counting" (1996), has a bit in "The Poles" (on breaking Enigma) that might shed some light on traditional tradecraft vs mass surveillance. (compare what the Stasi could accomplish with their non-automated labour-intensive methods) > Churchill's romantic soul loved the excitement and secrecy surrounding Bletchley. He relished the way that >> ... old procedures, like the setting up of agents, the suborning of informants, the sending of messages written in invisible ink, ... all turned out to be largely cover for this other source, as one might keep some old-established business in rare books going in order to be able, under cover of it, to do a thriving trade in pornography and erotica. 2nd level quote from Muggeridge, "Chronicles of Wasted Time" (1973) p139 US soldiers (who haven't carried out a defensive war since, what, 1812?) are also taught not to obey immoral orders. (see recent memo from the JCS) As to war crimes, these days there's the ICC. Other parts of the world ended slavery (when?) without civil wars, which strongly suggests there were other ways to end it. That someone given a tria nomina uses "poor white trash" indicates my experience (over half a decade living + later business) and my father-in-law's experience (business trips, some of which may have been during actual Segregation) in the south may well be outdated. With that in mind, please allow me to also be descriptive, of how things were in the Tidewater South, 40-60 years ago. I am going to write about class, and race, which the south of my time admitted[1] existed as social constructs. I hope you all appreciate that I am attempting to keep in mind EWD's "How do we tell truths that might hurt?" as well as Dr. Mike's "Regret, by definition, comes too late / Say what you mean. Bear witness. Iterate." "Poor white" was ethnic, but not a slur. It was in fact a positive term. Poor whites were good people, who happened to not be part of one's social group because they lacked the means. Poor whites were no longer poor whites if they came into money. (I suspect JAR's family would have been poor whites under this system, not "poor white trash") "White trash" was ethnic, and a slur, but not an ethnic slur. White trash was no better than they should have been. They were not part of one's social group because even if they had means, they lacked manners and education. Trash could easily be richer[2] than the people in one's own circle. White trash was not an ethnic slur because although they couldn't change the 'white' part, they could always change the 'trash': not everyone could afford an education, but anyone can have manners[3]. Trash who got their shit together[4] could eventually become unmarked, but because of the positive nature of "poor white" were unlikely to become the latter, even if they lacked money. In the time and place I experienced, "poor white trash" would have been an oxymoron[5]. Now I move from factual description (not prescription) to hypothetical, attempting to apply this construct to events of our times. What was important to white trash of the time is that even though they were on the lowest rung of the social scale, they were still "free, white, and 21" meaning that a separate social scale existed below them. If one removes 'white' from the equation, then white trash would be just trash[6]. I note that Minneapolis is well north of the Mason-Dixon line. Cops are not well paid in the US, meaning they are unlikely to be drawn from educated social classes[7]. However, even though they are in a society where respect is deeply tied to salary, they do still have people beneath them: "thugs". [1] Marivanna asks class to name word starting with letter 'A'. Vovochka quickly raises hand, calling out "ass!" Marivanna sternly tells him "for shame, there's no such word!" Vovochka feels back pockets, thinking how odd it is that everyone has one, yet it does not have name. [2] compare Dolphus Raymond, who uses this to his advantage. His town would not accept a rich n%%%%%-l%%%% (in modern terms, a w%%%%%?), but they would accept a trash alcoholic whose failure to segregate could be expected. If you haven't read "To Kill a Mockingbird", Calpurnia's advice on code-switching is an interesting excerpt. [3] "my mama always said stupid is as stupid does" Not everyone sacrifices as much for their childrens' education as Mrs. Gump. [4] and put it in a backpack. [5] note that Dolly doesn't refer to herself as "poor white trash". She is proud to be "white trash" because she is not now, nor ever has been, a sorority bow head. [6] See https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23592167 on "sin eaters." My wife watches talent shows from the States, and asks me "why do americans always have to be proud? they're always saying 'I'm proud of you'", for which I have no good answer beyond culture. Taking away someone's pride and expecting them to listen reflectively to what one has to say is unlikely to be effective. [7] as to manners: cops here are respectful, and view their primary focus as education, not enforcement. I see that traffic cops in the RF (as they did in the USSR) even salute the people they pull over, which (if it means anything beyond hoping for cabbage) is a nice gesture. One of my favourite russian memes is a traffic cop in a Santa outfit, with the caption being "Not only do you have to pay the ticket, but you'll have to recite a poem as well." As to quickly-constructed, I'd thought my suggestions too old and too outdated ("Coat of..." being 50 years old, and "This Land" nearly 75). I'd look for older national myth songs, but I'd rather hear from someone who is committed to, not merely interested in, the future of the US. Anyone? Bueller? For further context on extra-territorial expansion of slavery, see also the non-political "filibuster" and review the Monroe Doctrine in light of the Congress of Vienna, Article XV. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filibuster_(military) Visualisation of the transatlantic slave trade: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23582777 Thank you. Yet another instance of electoral result not reflecting popular vote. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1876_United_States_presidentia... No need, I'm already in a one person one vote jurisdiction with choice among a handful of major parties. (I happen to know a fair amount about the Lakota because germans are really serious about playing "Cowboy und Indianer". And it's just as well I don't have to propose an Amendment, because I'm sure legislators are like high-end real estate: if one has to ask how much they cost, one can't afford them. It is somewhat amusing that Hundley in 1860 was predicting that if people were ever allowed to get rid of slavery, the next thing you know they'd be attacking the Constitution. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23599419 Slippery slopes were probably already old even back in greek times.) Easy Mode Durian: frozen durian has most of the taste and little of the smell. There used to be a few books, aimed at academics reading the literature, eg Jannach, "German for Reading Knowledge." (on reading vs speaking: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23582262 ) Not to discourage you from a Sprachaufenthalt (ganz im gegenteil), but you can prepare for one by following germanophone papers. (which have the advantage that you've probably read many stories in your native tongue beforehand ... also one can start small by just picking out nouns at first, which won't the case for latin-1, but is very useful when learning a new script) https://www.faz.net/aktuell/ https://www.nzz.ch (in Schrifttüütsch, conveniently for you) I don't normally follow AT, maybe https://kurier.at ? Hals und Beinbruch! ==== Edit: there are a couple of amusing anecdotes on german culture in http://www.gutenberg.org/files/48612/48612-h/48612-h.htm which I find stereotypical to this day: > Germans liked things done in an official and formal manner, even in the midst of chaos, catastrophe and defeat. The Allies obliged, and gave the Germans various forms of very official-looking "surrender passes," ... http://www.gutenberg.org/files/48612/48612-h/images/p4.jpg > The Americans and British dropped leaflets on Berlin ... [with] key numbers in the corners, showing to which series they belonged ... Nazi authorities [sent] Hitlerjugend and Hitlermädel out to pick up the leaflets and turn them in for destruction. ... What the Nazis discovered—too late, too late—was that the schoolchildren had begun collecting the leaflets, using the key numbers to make up perfect sets. Some numbers were rarer than others, so that the Hitlerite children swapped Allied leaflets all over Berlin, trying to make up attractive albums. Mother and Father—who did not dare pick the leaflets up off the street for fear the Gestapo might be watching—found a convenient file, reasonably complete, in the room of little Fritzl or Ermintrude! Undoubtedly not just a loose file, but neatly punched in a two-ring binder. When Oceania starts to always have been at war with Eurasia (that is, if they read their own books, which Dr. Linebarger doubts), they'll have to make up propaganda sets in the form of Panini cards. "I in turn was astonished that he was astonished. Did he suppose I could fix in a couple of hours what two people had done wrong over the course of their entire lives" "Sometimes he runs his hammer along the walls, as though to give the signal to the great waiting machinery of rescue to swing into operation. It will not happen exactly in this way—the rescue will begin in its own time" From what I see, the farmer/captain in question has two hammers (one with a head too big for its handle, and the other with a head too small), and is currently banging them against each other, having yet to start on the wall. It's too bad there's no equivalent to "one cuts one chooses" for financial modelling. For instance, if we lived in a transhuman universe and the sick old person could trade consciousnesses with the healthy young economist simply by paying the difference in their QALY values (maybe funding sources would even enable the LDO, the leveraged die out?), QALY numbers might be different. > All of the uncertainty around COVID-19 There is far less uncertainty around COVID-19 now than there was at the beginning of the year. It is possible to see which countries are successfully tracking and tracing to eliminate, which are entering second waves and need to mitigate, and which haven't even finished their first. https://www.lemonde.fr/les-decodeurs/article/2020/03/27/coro... Danke! (auch für https://www.masswerk.at/keypunch/ und auch an die Landsleute: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tW2sr3j-VoQ ) Like hindi and urdu, the biggest difference between yiddish and other german dialects is the script[1]. I have "Velo" and "Poulet", so my loan words are not as exotic as the hebrew/aramaic ("tukhes") and eastern european ("ну") influences on yiddish, but all the dialects[2] have loan words ("Homeoffice") and most have their own unique terms ("Rundumeli"). https://yi.wikipedia.org/wiki/הויפט_זייט is interesting if you can read hebrew script. https://als.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Houptsyte_(Schwyzer... will give you some idea why I recommended starting with the NZZ, which almost writes in standardised german. [1] it was yiddish that got me into russian, because it's easier to find more than just Andrews Sisters on YouTube in cyrillic: eg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWeqbs9OFX0 also recommended, for any germanophone: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XH1fERC_504 (or anglophones who don't mind subtitles) [2] in tourist hiking areas, a popular past-time is to guess where people are from by how they greet on the trail. Toll! Jugend ohne Gott even got a "+" review here: https://sammlungen.ulb.uni-muenster.de/hd/periodical/pagevie... reviewer's coding scheme explained on: https://sammlungen.ulb.uni-muenster.de/hd/periodical/pagevie... An organisation has really "made it" when they get a special font dingbat. Not even Prince Rogers Nelson managed that... Coq is a francophone's revenge (deniable in more than one way) for the bit. (a) I have former-Yugoslav colleagues who believe that "Information Wars" were already at work last century. (b) in Maginot's defence, junior french planners may well have imagined a Blitzkrieg, and rightfully discarded it, assuming the germans wouldn't have an energy source. A coal-based army doesn't move quickly. The french were to learn that a synfuel-based[1] army can blitz. The germans, on the other hand, had to blitz: after failing[2] to reach Grozny and Baku to replenish energy stocks they were put on the defensive. Crude Rules Everything Around Me [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bergius_process https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fischer–Tropsch_process [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Stalingrad#Prelude https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Motherland_Calls#/media/Fi... https://books.google.ch/books?id=6_h3DwAAQBAJ&pg=PA85&lpg=PA... https://www.sida.se/contentassets/700b0d2b48444b058389c27a64... "Affordability: Less than 5% of household income spent on WSS services." "Sweden has also underscored that richer states have an obligation to assist other states to fulfil the right to WSS." "In addition, Sida offers credits and guarantees for WSS investments as well as international training programs,..." Bangladesh, Bolivia, Burkina Faso, Kenya and Mali are mentioned. But it doesn't seem Sweden would set up a water and sanitation services programme for the US. "Through development cooperation, Sweden assists countries in Africa, Asia, Europé and Latin America." especially 8:00-9:20 and 12:00-13:15 also 31:40 "All the changes we made to the structure of Serbia were implemented using perfectly legal means. We followed the proper procedure." (Milošević's projection game appears to have been strong. Everything was everyone else's fault.) This was a BBC production, so we expect to see the NATO side, but given that Milošević's lawyer had a fool for a client, I am not feeling poorly at being inclined to their editorial. Pathogenic actors don't even wander around. See the description of how the Committee on Public Information prepared a hitherto-isolationist US public to enter WWI. (I think in one of Bernays' books, or maybe the Creel report?) They used knowledge of the social graph to proceed clique by clique, triangulating such that their point of view appeared to come from multiple independent outside sources. In 1917. or, one century prior and more subtly, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ems_Dispatch as to identity: http://www.gutenberg.org/files/48612/48612-h/48612-h.htm notes "First point to note is the character of the source. There are several choices on this: the true source (who really got it out?) and the ostensible source (whose name is signed to it?); also, the first-use source (who used it the first time?) and the second-use source (who claims merely to be using it as a quotation?). Take the statement: "Harry said to me, he said, 'I never told anybody that Al's wife was a retired strip-teaser.' Mind you, I don't pretend to believe Harry, but that's what he said, all right." What are the possible true sources for the statement of fact or libel concerning Al's unnamed wife? What are the alternatives on ostensible sources? First use? Second use? The common sense needed to analyze this statement is of the same order as the process involved in analyzing the statement: "Reliable sources in Paris state that the visit of the American labor delegation has produced sensational repercussions in Moscow, and that Moscow, upon the basis of the American attitude, is determined to press for unification of the entire German labor movement."" and more directly to your point (that overt identities may not even matter), I would say Zweig's Schachnovelle is an extended meditation on parties who continue politics by openly unlawful yet unopposed force. > “One of the reasons it’s a complete misnomer to call [a weapon] ‘nonlethal’ or ‘less lethal’ [is] if it’s being used to force people into the [attack range] of cops with batons" Note that "kettling" does not occur anywhere in https://fas.org/irp/doddir/army/fm3-19-15.pdf and in fact 2-90 clearly states "A crowd on the move should not be hurried to avoid panic. At no time should the crowd be cornered in a position where there is the perception of no escape. This invokes the “fight-or-flight” syndrome, possibly escalating violent activity." Fig 2-2 includes "Indicate the method, streets, and direction that the crowd should use when dispersing." Todd Winn was right to say that problematic police need "accountability for failed TTPs and EOF abuse." (Tactics, Techniques, Procedures) (Escalation of Force) Thank you. Looks like "Field Force Operations PER-200"[1]? https://twitter.com/CDPfema hasn't been very active this year. If FEMA promotes kettling, then maybe they should pay more attention to the TTPs and EOF of people who attempt to win hearts and minds in even more dangerous situations, outside CONUS. Cattlemen would say "don't crowd a mob", because stampedes don't make anyone's life better. [1] seems like a reasonable document. have the problematic police departments attended the course? 2.d.(11) Use low-profile tactics. Don't become the focus of the demonstration. 3.i ... establish escape routes so protesters can safely leave the area. Annex A 10 and 12 (case studies) may be of interest. or maybe not so reasonable. not sure if "encirclement" may be related to "kettling." - application of force will be judged under https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graham_v._Connor , not the 4A. - in principle a jurisdiction can be sued for "failure to train" its justice officers but City of Canton v Harris and Brown v Bryan indicate it's difficult in practice. - states that the vast majority of a protest is composed of everyday citizens protesting, neither "professional protesters" nor "anarchists." At some level, dealing with large herds of homo sapiens becomes similar to dealing with large herds of bos taurus. Compare the basic issues discussed in: http://www.gkstill.com/CV/PhD/Chapter2.html with: https://www.grandin.com/references/design.construction.facil... https://worksafe.govt.nz/topic-and-industry/agriculture/work... primary goal in both cases: keep everything chill. see also https://books.google.ch/books?id=Bp4C3_YLk_UC&pg=PA72&dq=fed... "Regime-controlled media helped create the conditions for war by attacking civic principles, fomenting fear of imminent ethnic assault and engineering consent." The band "Oy Division" is also no doubt aware of the meaning of their name. (they turned up via surfing from "Zog nit keyn mol") Recommended only if dialectical polyglot klezmer cabaret is your cup of tea. Not a journalist, but an author. I would not be surprised if he'd softballed this piece to get it into FA, as the tone of the book (judging solely by its cover) appears darker[1]. (there's also a question of access, and he has CIA endorsement blurbs...) I've seen claims on Runet (from, I'm guessing, ER voters) that Yeltsin had been a "Washington Consensus" puppet. On the other hand, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boris_Yeltsin_1996_presidentia... minimises the Americans' role. We might hope to know the truth sometime before 2096. (there are JFK files which are still classified) [1] then again, election finessing is actually mild compared with Operation Condor, which only came out around the turn of the century. It wouldn't happen for another century, but Hundley predicted the textile move: "Even discarding slave labor altogether, the Poor Whites alone of the South, to say nothing of the Yeomen, are numerous enough to work more spindles than are in the whole of New-England at present." Oxen plowing fields is probably also why the canonical acre is a rectangular, not square, measure. (1 furlong x 1 chain) Is the second (not directly quoted) part of the Analects reference important to understanding the essay? Super! This may well beat the old school method, which involved searching for video and subtitles separately (if not simply watching undubbed). I found: https://sovietmoviesonline.com/ru/melodrama/345-dom-durakov.... (set in the chechen wars) but can't remember the name of a former-yugoslav dark comedy, in which a bunch of slavs go underground during WWII, only to emerge forty years later to find the countryside is riven by war and everyone is still fighting "fascists". (on the other hand, maybe it's just as well, given how many former-yugoslavia refugees we have in my area, that I've forgotten how to say "flipping fascist melonfarmers" in one of their local languages) Can any kind HN'ers remind me? Thanks! Incidentally, comparing soviet-era movies to western fare clearly shows how different the censorship was on each side of the iron curtain. One can probably quickly get an idea just from browsing the placards, without even watching any. try surfing from the sister site: https://sovietmoviesonline.com/fantastic/7-stalker.html There are definitely national trends to movies. Compare the "american ending" (in which everyone gets their just deserts on-screen) with the "french ending" (which occurs in media res , allowing its viewers to debate what likely happens next). I've noticed these national trends even occur at technical conferences, where anglophone endnote speakers tend to summarise the proceedings into a coherent narrative ("conclusions"), while francophone endnote speakers tend to enumerate a bunch of loose ends that might be addressed by the next conference ("future work"). (Speaking of national trends, I was surprised to run across a russian superhero movie a couple of years ago. What other non-Hollywood countries make superhero movies?) I used to find vo movies on YT then find subtitles separately by searching on Yandex (which also had some videos that weren't available on YT). Dziękuję ci A while ago there was a "north korean browser" that kept track of everything one did online. At the time people were saying how dystopic that was, but I'd always thought it must have been an elaborate troll, an in-your-face reminder of what could easily be done today, at multiple layers of the stack, with one's digital exhaust. (On the sibling thread: by my calculation at most 13% of the 1984 society had telescreens, so at roughly 60% global internet usage we're well ahead of Orwell for staring into Palantirs. Someone in the non-aligned movement ought to produce networking gear, so we aren't necessarily beholden to suppliers approved by one of the two[0] largest economies. Then again, seeing what happened to the former "leader of the third world" after the Cold War, maybe it's best not to draw attention to oneself in that way. "None of you has ever seen a dead donkey.") [0] China, US, would you all please reflect that "one to embody power the other to crave it" is a philosophy attributed to the "bad guys" in that particular mythos? Maraging steel used to be an input for hexafluoride centrifuges. Some previously mentioned childrens' programming: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23387876 Masha i Medved[1] have recently been running a series in which each episode focuses on a different country. Today's happens to be the US[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5sMJtXcZTo "Tell me Mr. Siberian Bear, where does power come from? The Hare says it comes from money. I say it comes from truth." Getting things past the censors: https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/Файл:Sharik_Figvam.jpg [1] itself a reference to a folk tale, while "immensely popular" means Masha has even been a guest on the same late night talk show frequented by better US ambassadors. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmcHXt1va_c [2] just in case any americans are curious about what what parts of their culture make it across the Bering strait. "American Boy" (1991), a song by a late-soviet pop group, may also be of interest: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7hAo28NCXc (Apina and Varum have gone on to lasting fame) "cancel culture" circa 1950: https://books.google.ch/books?id=pqPVuJG5Qh0C&pg=PA145&lpg=P... "... in July of 1950, [Paul] Robeson, who had held a passport continuously since 1922, was asked by two agents of the State Department to relinquish his current passport." That's what I was thinking of (most recently seen by me in a Rule 63 quartet complete with costume horses for New Year's carnival). Sorry if it wasn't a kids' show; I had assumed so from the all the YouTube comments when I discovered it to the effect of "cool, I totally remember watching this at my grandmother's." But maybe that says more about how old current internauts were in 1978 than what the target audience really had been? Rory Miller calls the most common social posturing "the Monkey Dance." http://chirontraining.blogspot.com/2013/03/cofv8-monkey-danc... related discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23429390 (to reply directly: leverage is useful, mixed game strategies are useful, beyond that I can't think of other applicable theories. Miller points out that non-posturing violence is usually as unfair as possible, so maybe big-O notation?) The Kafkian scenario is why I posted the cousin comment about Paul Robeson. The US didn't use passports controls to keep him out , but to keep him in . (Comrade Rabinovich, with whom will you be staying in Israel? / My cousin. / But comrade, you told us you had no relatives abroad. / That's right, he's not abroad, he's at home in Israel. I'm the one who's abroad.) or circa 1966: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muhammad_Ali#Exile_and_comebac... "He was systematically denied a boxing license in every state and stripped of his passport." Anything more recent than https://twitter.com/johncleese/status/1254130854462455813 ? horse reality 2.0: COLLECTOR - Not only do you enter modded Breyers in online horse shows, you even have your R card. Next up: scratch build. ENTREPRENEUR - Thanks to optimising tax breaks (and a partner from a good family with a day job), you live up to the title of the book Losing Less Money Raising Horses . COMPETITOR - You marry your vet. This just makes it official, the two of you already spent nearly all your waking hours together anyway. SOCIALIZER - You wish to make friends so you can collectively flame the benighted heathens who use a different colour tack or prefer a different breed. I was thinking the opposite: the US military has "up or out", where one has to advance to stay in, tending to weed out bad apples in the officer corps. As far as I am aware, police have nothing similar (and furthermore, don't rotate). So my assessment is that it's much easier to get along to go along in US police forces than in their military. Young children like stories about elephants, which are larger than most mammals, and horses, which outsprint people. Why should they not appreciate that birds are better ventilated than mammals? (after all, it's clear to anyone that the birds of the air are less vertically challenged than the beasts of the earth) So instead of being comedy writers pretending to be a news room, they've become a news room pretending to be comedy writers? Now they just need to work on their embargo dates, because they've been clearly running their stories before the events. Data collection existed in the US, and probably most major markets, a century ago, it's just that then it was primarily keyed on mailing address instead of telephone number. Legislators are never going to do anything about it unless absolutely forced to, because they rely on targeted campaigns themselves. (and if you're in the US, it gets worse. When I lived in California, I asked my letter carrier if I could put a "no junk mail please" sign on the box like we do here. I was told to please not call it junk mail, but "bulk mail", as it provides a significant fraction of their funding.) Anyone up for a game of 35 questions? Edit: https://www.msp-pgh.com/history-direct-mail-marketing/ > The American Anti-Slavery Society printed and mailed marketing materials to religious and civic leaders in the south in 1835. This is likely the first direct mail campaign. They created a mailing list from names in newspapers and city directories, among other public lists. the poorly-targeted campaign was not well-received: https://postalmuseum.si.edu/node/1912 If you ever get tired of sea-going vessels, I read an account of the Graf Zeppelin's 1929 circumnavigation which claimed that daily route planning was very similar to sailing in that taking advantage of weather patterns gave them significant deltas on top of the motors. https://www.navytimes.com/news/your-navy/2019/08/19/globetro... AOL used to charge by the hour, and discovered an unintended side effect when they switched to flat-rate pricing. Mods in the ancien regime had been compensated by getting free online time, but under the new system, that became worthless, and there was a wave of mods quitting because somewhere-around-minimum-wage had been sufficient compensation for the double binds before, but they weren't about to volunteer to deal with the worst of forums. It is not only a centre-right source (consider how often FT has anything positive to say about the EU), but also an anglophone one. Following news in different languages makes it obvious that privately owned news sources are not necessarily any less biased than state sponsored (often simply an epithet?) ones. (TIL Radio Yerevan's successor not only live streams but offers an english-language front page: https://en.armradio.am ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_largest_h... qualitatively gives a pretty good past performance on who got the bulk of Oceanian two-minutes hate (USSR -> Japan -> China), even though quantitatively it seems off (I think Japan got much less two-minutes hate in the 90s than it did in the 80s) "In 1835, the American Anti-Slavery Society (AAS) took their campaign to a new level with what could be called the first use of a direct mail campaign." Direct mail being in its infancy, they did not think to use a targeted list to a sympathetic audience, and were generally considered to have been early spammers. "The administration’s hostility toward the AAS campaign (including federal postal officials’ refusal to chastise southern postmasters for their not delivering legal mail) and a series of state laws created to criminalize sending such “inflammatory” and “seditious” materials into southern states brought an end to the Society’s mail campaign." Yes. A friend rents a ski apartment, a few minutes walk away from the train station. He sends guests a short video clip of how to find both the unit and the keys. There was an interlude in Women's Work: The First 20,000 Years about reconstruction of early societies by their vocabulary, using reconstructed root words from Uralic: "So we can imagine them sitting around the campfire of an evening in larger groups, making and mending tools and wraps while they swapped interesting stories of their adventures, of their friends or comrades and of the women's suitors . Sometimes people would wrangle , admonish , or curse and sometimes get high . But they also knew how to give presents and distribute goods ." I'm pretty sure female dolphins have suitors , and these friends or comrades are said to get high . Do dolphins give presents ? https://www.nationalgeographic.com/news/2017/10/dolphins-sex... Do you even shell, pod-mate? Our farms were doing fine with underemployed locals. One article I've read indicates they simply used twice as much field labour as they had with guest workers, so the work was only half as back-breaking. "Wally" Wallington, retired construction worker, proposes a very Archimedean, but not very labour intensive, henge technique: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vHHhmJBY0k The blood sport connection makes me wonder "when the chicken crossed the road[1], what was his entrance music?" "He's constantly confusing, confounding, won't throw the towel / Everyone give it up for America's favourite fighting fowl" [1] a "road" might also be a sea route, but it looks like land-based roads predate seaborne trade by several thousand years. In Vonnegut's Cat's Cradle a karass describes the sort of tribe people are looking for. Unfortunately melanin content is not a karass, but instead a granfalloon . "La francophonie" is another granfalloon. But you have hit upon an easy way to distinguish immigrants from expats: immigrants hang out with people who have similar interests, while expats hang out with each other. There may not be laws[1] about getting angry, but there are laws about assault, let alone battery. [1] here referring to legal code, not social code. I heard an anecdote once about young parents who were mortified that their young child referred to the two Little Orphan Annie movies they had as "red Annie" and "black Annie." Judging by "image search", it is possible the child had been innocently referring to hair colour, and the mortification was due to what "even came to mind" for the parents. Emacs or vi? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lilliput_and_Blefuscu > The novel further describes an intra-Lilliputian quarrel over the practice of breaking eggs. Traditionally, Lilliputians broke boiled eggs on the larger end; a few generations ago, an Emperor of Lilliput, the Present Emperor's great-grandfather, had decreed that all eggs be broken on the smaller end after his son cut himself breaking the egg on the larger end. The differences between Big-Endians (those who broke their eggs at the larger end) and Little-Endians had given rise to "six rebellions ... wherein one Emperor lost his life, and another his crown". 1. TFA treats universities as fungible, when it is a truth universally acknowledged that most colleges won't open any particularly interesting doors. (the ones that do are a handful to a dozen which vary depending upon one's interests) 2. The upper class still has yachts, backyard tennis courts, and polo ponies. The $300 cotton T-shirts and $400 sweatpants are for the working class. where: working class - needs a job / middle class - has enough property to do without a job for few years, but couldn't maintain their lifestyle without an income / upper class - their property provides their income alternatively: working class - acquires things whose TCO doesn't involve external employment / middle class - acquires things whose TCO involves fractions of an FTE / upper class - acquires things whose TCO requires multiple FTEs For someone born in 4 BC, Lucius Annaeus Seneca certainly understood the difference between rivalrous goods of atoms and non-rivalrous goods of bits. "There is a common saying that it was not in our power to choose the parents we were allotted, and that they were given to us by chance; yet we can be born to whomever we wish. There are house-holds of the most distinguished intellects: choose the one into which you'd like to be adopted, and you'll inherit not just the name but also the actual property, which is not to be hoarded in a miserly or mean spirit: the more people you share it with, the greater it will become." Switzerland, 2020. So far I've read articles about asparagus and leeks. There are probably more stories in the ag coop magazine, but I haven't been by the coop since February, having my feed delivered instead. https://www.srf.ch/news/regional/basel-baselland/corona-ernt... The newbies need not work as hard as harvest workers from the east. "We're twice as many as in a normal season. So everyone has only half the work." ==== Ganz so hart arbeiten, wie die Erntehelferinnen- und Erntehelfer aus dem Osten, müssen die Neulinge aber nicht. «Wir sind doppelte so viele, wie in einer normalen Saison. Also müssen auch alle nur halb so viel arbeiten» Continuing the viewpoint of time as options, an epistle from near the BC/AD boundary: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23668877 Plant a tree. Have a child. Animate a short? It is somewhat reassuring that "English (auto-generated)" subtitles don't manage to subtitle phrases like "us real Americans" or "the truth about negroes and foreigners." It could be worse: Trump has at least been keeping it inside his own borders. Consider the alternatives: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23628595 I beg to differ. Putin's law school thesis was "The Most Favored Nation Trading Principle in International Law." Granted, that may be slightly better than "Tentative Study of Agricultural Marketization", but both are only theses, not a full book: "The Art of the Deal." The difference is also clear in their propaganda: Putin: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r29k_T_o9To (any reccos for Xi? I ought to frequent youku.com more often) Trump: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXTA36HO65g Edit: removed snark Total control is arguable, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2020_Russian_constitutional_re... suggests that he may be attempting to circumvent the legislature. Not as successful as it might have been. US troops had once been on russian soil[1] but were withdrawn. If they'd provided more assistance Wrangel might've had more luck in ukraine[2]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Expeditionary_Force,_... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_Civil_War#South_Russia... I hope you get a much better recommendation, but if not, I'd go through https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/wiki/civilwar and see if there are any secondary sources which get frequently mentioned. (The Napoleonic Wars do sort of tie in, in that part of the results of the Congress of Vienna was an agreement to get rid of the slave trade. https://gallica.bnf.fr/ark:/12148/bpt6k5039693/f124.image.r ) To put some context on "his cell, which was often freezing, was too cold", https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fort_de_Joux shows that the fort is on the other side of the border from "the Siberia of Switzerland", where they say temperatures can descend to -40. (-40 C or -40 F, it doesn't matter. 233 K) also occurred in the area: the Bourbaki Army asylum at the end of the Franco-Prussian war. https://www.icrc.org/en/doc/resources/documents/article/othe... 1950's version: http://large.stanford.edu/courses/2015/ph241/rossi1/ At one point I'd found someone's doctoral thesis on the subject, but now it's not quickly popping up in searches on Project Pluto or SLAM. Although white supremacists may have to infiltrate, it would appear racially profiling bullies can simply get themselves elected. https://eu.azcentral.com/story/news/politics/arizona/2019/08... "A POST certification is not required to serve as an elected sheriff." https://post.az.gov/ Still way better margins than a grocery store (1-3% IIRC). Do you have any idea how turnover might compare? related: http://olduse.net Machine Learning in 1953: https://this1that1whatever.com/miscellany/mind-reader/Shanno... Across the pond, Donald Michie had slightly less funding, so he Blue Peter'd MENACE in 1960, using a few hundred matchboxes (and inspiring a Saberhagen short story). Christopher Colles, A Survey of the Roads of the United States of America (1789) looks like it may have been the "NCSA What's New" page of its day. Jimmy Gatz (aka Jay Gatsby) was a fan of self help books, but that didn't make much of a difference to Daisy's relationship with Tom Buchanan. Some books are read for charity / And some for fancy dress / But when they're read for pleasure / They're the books that I like best TIL the snake in the Avedon photo had been Kinski's idea: https://www.anothermag.com/art-photography/10549/when-avedon... I don't buy it precisely because I worked in high-trust teams back before videoconferencing. We only had telephone and fax/email. In the US, the truck and strong men exist, one just has to know where the local "day labour" hangout may be. Not only a natural part of the lifecycle, but in the mid-90's the common wisdom was that the web succeeded where others had failed because previous hypertext systems had attempted persistence, but Sir (as he is now) TimBL bravely 404'd instead. "... near the Tannhäuser Gateway. All those hrefs will be 404, like tears in rain" True, (and my self-selection has been in tech and legal work, where written communication is primary) but phrases from the article such as "essential", "crucial", and "vital" ring hollow when there are obvious counterexamples. By forgetting. Abstraction is the process of focussing on what two (or more) things have in common by forgetting all the concrete details which make them different. When Huey Long was governor of Louisiana, he wanted to build roads. His opposition did not want to pay for roads. But he managed to wrangle enough budget for 60 miles of road. Then he paved one mile of road in each parish. After having experienced the difference between the single paved mile and their existing mud ruts, the populace voted for a much more substantial road-building program. (another unusual Louisiana political stunt: https://www.athensnews.com/news/local/louisiana-gov-huey-lon... ) If BSA is bankrupt, would it be an opportune time for the Girl Scouts of America to admit boys? Avoid people[1]. Wash hands. Don't touch your face. "The important things are always simple; the simple are always hard." data on https://www.lemonde.fr/les-decodeurs/article/2020/03/27/coro... . We're currently paying the price for opening too quickly: 300 people had to go into quarantine due to nightclub exposure a day or two ago. In retrospect https://www.bag.admin.ch/bag/en/home/das-bag/aktuell/medienm... was too optimistic. [1] and if you don't, wear a mask to keep them safe. So it's a coordination problem. If only there were some sort of Organisation (in this specific example, for Health), whose remit was the whole World instead of particular groups, maybe we'd be able to coordinate to avoid a tragedy of the commons? historical stock and flow economic modelling: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MONIAC (and then there's Cybersyn. It's difficult to evaluate how effective or ineffective it may have been, as the copper drop in value relative to gold by 5x in the early 1970's must've been a serious exogenous shock to the Chilean economy) The job of Progressor[1] in the Strugatsky Brothers' Noon Universe undergoes a shift over the course of the series. In the initial stories pretty heavy intervention is seen as beneficial. By the final stories, even light intervention has its ambiguities. (anyone else see a parallel between Надежда from Жук в муравейнике and reactions to coronavirus measures?) [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noon_Universe#Description No central authority, but there is a central reference, Wikipedia, which allows one to quickly translate between names for places and things, so the need for a canonical name is much less than in the days when one might need to consult a reference book or have various names in one's readily-accessible memory. İstanbul (not Κωνσταντινούπολη): "Why did Constantinople get the works?" I think military key exchange still used paper/mylar tape as a "data diode" until recently: https://www.cbronline.com/feature/punched-tape-ukkpa Some friends of mine would buy (by mass[1]) books libraries were getting rid of to make room for their new acquisitions. This strategy is more expensive than it might naively seem, because they were forced to move house every so often as their collection expanded. (Walter, would you know if Powell's still exists in its original form?) [1] buying by bulk resulted in many duplicates, which they'd leave in a pile at the front door for guests to take away. "Lasting Wisdom of the Ancients" is interesting to diff against the Tao Te Ching , because it clarifies how (what we would express as) relatively simple messages were heavily ornamented with stylistic flourishes in this genre. Also compare "The highest realization of warfare lies in attacking the enemy’s plans; next is attacking their alliances; next their army; while the lowest is attacking their fortified cities" with the japanese {Ki, Waza, Ken} wo korosu . For current US literary style, see https://www.jcs.mil/Portals/36/Documents/Doctrine/pubs/jp2_0... "Intelligence should increase the commander’s understanding of the threat and adversary’s probable intentions, end states, objectives, most likely and most dangerous COAs, strengths, and critical capabilities. This allows the J-2 to recommend objectives, requirements, and centers of gravity (COGs). Once these objectives are approved by the commander, the J-2 must continuously review them with respect to the adversary and the changing situation to determine whether they remain relevant to the commander’s intent." Edit: p9, footnote c for early (late Ming) steganography. https://jmss.org/article/download/58139/43748/ But not as early as https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Histiaeus#Ionian_revolt_(499-4... My impression of the reason consensus works for the Society of Friends is that they don't get tired, but rely on "seasoning", being willing to take time, over several meetings if necessary, to find unity. A game-theoretic problem with positive sum games (as opposed to zero sum) is that apart from obvious focal points, there's no objective way to split the positivity of the payoff. I've been brought up to "always leave something on the table", but I understand that other societies hold the opposite. Dr. Strangelove : "we must not allow a mineshaft gap": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybSzoLCCX-Y A Boy and His Dog would continue the trope. for the serious original, see p11 of https://www.rand.org/pubs/research_memoranda/RM2206.html https://www.newscientist.com/letter/mg18224505-100-the-real-... argues for a composite persona. Note that Khan was the author of the RAND paper linked above. Some not-so-micro nations exist briefly: declare independence from a former sovereign, then vote to be annexed by a new one. Although the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic_of_Hawaii lasted a few years, the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_Republic was in existence for under a month. Good question. My sources were oral; I'll see what I can dig up this weekend. If you listen carefully, History Channel doesn't actually say that. (implied heavily, and maybe it was different in earlier seasons, but I think "Ancient Aliens" ought to be required viewing for anglophone school children[1], because each episode starts from presenting factual information and slowly works its way towards very carefully hedged wild "conclusions"[2]. as with the sorites paradox the question to keep in mind while viewing is: when does the shark jump occur?) [1] compare interpretation of reported speech in https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23614277 [2] "Ancient alien theorists conclude X. What if it were true?" See book reference in https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23549551 I think the historical political reasons for favouring landed interests[1] is one of commitment: (a) as the spartan proposal of using a currency of iron implies, it's much easier for an urban magnate to "sell out" on short notice and continue trading in exile than for a rural magnate (consider the pejorative "rootless cosmopolitan"), and (b) that innovation is often greeted with scepticism: urban traders are sometimes interested in disrupting markets, agricultural[2] producers are almost always for the status quo. [1] from a game theory perspective, the urbanite would also prefer to defend their own city and either pay besiegers to go away or wait for their logistics to fail. if one is a monarch raising an army, rural dwellers would be more interested in travelling to defend their land (or even to acquire foreign land. cf "filibuster"). Compare "no viet cong ever called me", uttered by someone whose profession could be conducted anywhere there was a large venue. [2] if one believes US political memes, ag policies favour the "family farm" and small towns. if one follows the money, they tend to favour the likes of Archer Daniels Midland. Weren't expert systems the second AI winter? In any case, I see the end of the cold war as being the driving factor behind that winter, whatever its ordinal. I often read wikipedia in several languages, because the differences between the articles sometimes offer almost as many bits of information as the commonalities. What amazes me are the small-audience ones. For instance, who uses https://pdc.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haaptblatt given that most of the native speakers of that dialect adhere to a religion which mandates that cell phones belong, not on one's person, but in the barn, and furthermore be used strictly for business? (I did first learn about the Mennonite origins of the https://pdc.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Holland_Machine_Company from this wikipedia) To the main point, I expect the lojban wikipedia to profit immensely from this project :-) https://jbo.wikipedia.org/wiki/uikipedi%27as:ralju see also https://blogs.harvard.edu/sj/tag/statistics/ for Haldane, “The Faking of Genetical Results“, Eureka #6 "But I shouldn’t worry too much about the higher orders. The only examiner who is likely to spot that you haven’t done them is Haldane, and he’ll probably be interned as a Red before you send your thesis in." https://www.wired.com/1999/10/volunteers/ "Everything changed in December of 1996, when AOL moved to a flat-rate pricing system: unlimited access for $19.95 a month. Gone were the profits from hours spent in chat. Worse, chatty members clogged AOL's servers and threatened to crash the system. Gone too were many of the volunteers. Without the hundreds of dollars worth of free hours, more than half left." A parallel european change between the thirteenth and fifteenth centuries was the nature of mounted tournaments. In the thirteenth century, tournaments were not far removed from wargames, occurred over the entire terrain between two villages, and were generally open to anyone who had the panoply and training. By the fifteenth century, tournaments were more of a spectacle, occurred in special jousting lists, and didn't admit participants outside a hereditary aristocracy. India is supposed to be an example. Families with extensive https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jagir holdings under the Mughals were apparently relatively easily convinced that their possibly de facto but definitely not de jure hereditary estates would be better protected under John Company, whose officers had grown up assuming de jure hereditary estate transmission. A single bit of disapproval may be too little information. In the southern US last century, "So, when are you inviting me over?" not only conveyed reasonably non-confrontational disapproval, but also the specific message that one shouldn't speak too much of one's own acquisitions in a wide public. "Your ideas are intriguing to me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter" is a similar stock phrase to gently suggest online that someone is not preaching to their choir. Someone asked a few days ago on HN what to do about clearly racist rhetoric in the twenty-first century. Maybe we ought to discover a similar stock phrase, such as "All that matters is can the fine horse see" or "Nobody's saying they don't appreciate what Jenny did" (or perhaps something from Blazing Saddles? "So, when are we stampeding cattle through the Vatican?"). (but, even assuming such a phrase were discovered and originally used in a targeted fashion, how should we avoid the nearly-inevitable Godwin-treadmill flak thereafter?) An excellent hack (a lazy susan would have been the workmanlike solution) in which Xanadu's metaphorical tumbler cross references have parallels in mechanical tumbler cross references. related, the mexiflexagon: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTwrVAbV56o Thinking of I, Claudius ' King Log[1], has anyone thought to put 'Victory'[2] in charge of middle-eastern peace? https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EA1SK5vXkAQAEAS?format=jpg&name=... [1] as opposed to King Stork (Perry 44). [2] An old trick for maintaining the peace in a herd is to put out more piles of hay than there are horses, so the dominant horses can politic to their hearts' content but everyone still gets fed. Agreed on the modal user, but two quibbles: (a) how often does anyone follow secondary sources that are only a few months old? (b) it is less trivial to create new primary sources. (not that publishers are in the habit of giving easily followed references) Putin's law school thesis was "The Most Favored Nation Trading Principle in International Law." Xi's was "Tentative Study of Agricultural Marketization." (I haven't been able to quickly find Johnson's, but then again the dynamic in the 1980's Yes, Minister was of LSE-educated politicians seconded by Oxbridge civil servants. Given a capable cabinet, one might hope a democracy could elect[1] one of their number with a median formation and still get a functional[2] government.) That having been said, the demagogue[3] was a thing even in the ancient world. [1] on the other hand, what might assigning executive positions at random do in terms of incentivising education? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sortition [2] as opposed to the conservative view of de Maistre: "Toute nation a le gouvernement qu'elle mérite." (all countries get the government they deserve) [3] as one might expect from δημαγωγός . This time for sure. (It has worked for US political parties: http://www.abrahamlincolnonline.org/lincoln/speeches/pierce.... "The democracy of to-day hold the liberty of one man to be absolutely nothing, when in conflict with another man's right of property . Republicans, on the contrary, are for both the man and the dollar ; but in cases of conflict, the man before the dollar.") The epidemiological term for those that haven't is reservoir. The occupation both gave the german language a word: "Amokläufer", and caused the US army to switch from .38 to .45 caliber sidearms. Context: 24.12.1860: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Declaration_of_the_Immediate_C... 08.02.1861: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Provisional_Constitution_of_th... 04.03.1861: First Inaugural Address of Abraham Lincoln 12.04.1861: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Fort_Sumter You're right, now that I look into it there doesn't seem to be anything more than circumstantial happenstance. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philippine–American_War https://www.dwds.de/wb/Amok "amok ‘rasend, wütend, verzweifelt (im Kampf)’, im 19. Jh. vor allem in Lexika bezeugt, im 20. Jh. auch häufiger in literarischen Werken. Ein Frühbeleg findet sich (um 1660) in einer Reisebeschreibung („Amoc welches so viel ist als courage, oder schlag todt“). Amoklauf m. Amokläufer m. (Anfang 20. Jh.)." vgl die Wortverlaufskurve ab 1600. Checking https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_wars:_1800–1899 and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_wars:_1900–1944 reveals the Semantan War, the Mat Sellah Rebellion, the South Sulawesi expedition, the 1906 and 1908 Dutch Interventions in Bali, and various too-small-for-wikipedia Dutch-Indonesian actions as possible other popularisers in the 1890-1910 period. The Brazilian example suggests decades: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_Brazil#The_end_of_s... (but I have to admit my knowledge of Brasil doesn't extend much past Xuxa: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OxJKFEofL0 ) not really navigation, but fairly prescient 1947 prediction of In-Car Entertainment: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKfOcR7Qbu4&t=67 for those who prefer text: https://teachingamericanhistory.org/library/document/what-to... Although I largely concur with Douglass, he does seem a bit disingenuous about the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three-Fifths_Compromise in discussing the Constitution. Further reading indicates that's a deliberate stance: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frederick_Douglass#Return_to_t... "To side with the right, against the wrong, with the weak against the strong, and with the oppressed against the oppressor! here lies the merit, and the one which, of all others, seems unfashionable in our day." (that day being 1852) TIL[1] "gun thy neighbor" was a searchable 1960's phrase. http://content.time.com/time/subscriber/article/0,33009,8726... http://content.time.com/time/subscriber/article/0,33009,8726... The Rev. Hugh Saussy drew the same (theological if not practical) conclusions as https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dirk_Willems [1] Three-days-ago I Learned: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23712008 It's possible to find sugar-sweetened in the US: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23363053 I've never tried to get HFCS here, but doubt it'd be easy. (anyone know specifically why the sweetener differs? I'm guessing either cost or legislation...) I have heard a horrible joke, for which the punch line was "now I'm Blitish." That joke is part of the reason I lump Airstrip One in with Oceania. (we have our own problems with integration, but as far as I can tell, they diminish greatly in the second generation. Schools are a powerful integrator.) And to Al-Khwarizmi's point in a neighbouring thread: I much prefer living in a society where people will interrupt their rant to me about "those foreigners" to help a head-cover-wearing dark-skinned mother put her pram on the train and then blithely resume where they left off. That dissonance is hypocrisy in the right direction. "Even a child makes himself known by his doings." If you can use machine translation, countries with more than two major political parties often have "centre-" parties that tend to argue for centrist platforms on pragmatic grounds. (incidentally, I am just at the point in Simone Weil's reports from germany where, early 1930's, the communist unions and nazi unions are ganging up against the middle-of-the-road pragmatic-reform-not-ideological-revolution social democrat unions. Very depressing.) I learned basic algebra from something like this in book form. Kind of like a "choose your own adventure", but it would pose problems, and either skip ahead on the correct answer, or lead to clarifying text for common mistakes. (no longer remember the series title, but do still remember the penny finally dropping on " x is an unknown") Some context for the article: before widespread electrification, aluminium was a rich people thing (eg, silverware sets out of Al instead of Ag) but government support[1] produced almost-too-cheap-to-meter aluminium[2]. People buying lawn chairs in the 1950's were probably old enough to remember aluminium and plastic as having been luxury goods in their childhoods. [1] on the US side: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defense_Production_Act_of_1950... [2] in the USSR, I've heard they wound up even making hula hoops out of the stuff. Ever more paper clips, comrades! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-r9XNmqQHk&t=2720 We have some that we've inherited from my wife's grandparents. That'd be about USD 1/year until now, and they're still functional (although they have spent most of their lives stored out of UV, YMMV). Playing the drinking long-game: with some help from the Templars, scattered Jaredites, and the Bavarian Illuminati, manage to get your drinking buddies' ode to wine, women, and song regularly played for olympic[1] podiums. "And long may the sons of Anacreon intwine / The Myrtle of Venus with Bacchus's Vine." [1] the games wouldn't be revived until 1896, so that part probably took more conspiracy work than getting the tune used for a national anthem in the first place. It surprises me that although the Falklands War (and its anti-ship missiles) was last century, people are still eager to build full-size aircraft carriers. (I will start taking scots' independence noises seriously after someone puts forth a concrete proposal about what to do with HMNB Clyde.) At the time, I'd assumed failure of US to assist was some linear combination of (a) Monroe Doctrine, and (b) the juntas having been a client state. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dirty_War (to this day https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guerra_de_las_Malvinas doesn't explicitly mention that the victors called it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falklands_War ) I'm surprised The Onion hasn't updated their classic article https://www.theonion.com/u-s-to-give-every-iraqi-3-544-91-le... for current estimated expenditures. An alt-history counterfactual theory: if the US had not supported the Taliban in Afghanistan, the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan might've joined the Warsaw Pact and then had a peaceful revolution (like almost all the rest) around 1989, with all the attendant advantages for a better version of this century. The following claims to be 1980's afghanistan, but I can't tell if the Boney M soundtrack was original or not: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZRZLwLXU3E (Boney M was apparently popular in Afghanistan, but other videos with the same dancer are to more indigenous tunes) maybe better: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrxgwM8h7ek&t=30 Thinking of elevators which stop at every floor on shabbat, maybe the search engine ought to run on a timeout, returning results for all the "most common searches" (such as the auto-fill suggestions for each letter?) on some interleaved schedule. (I'm not concerned with electricity here so much as with "בורר", selection.) Not that I can't take the idea seriously, just that if the english were to identify where they'd move the sub pens, it would be easier to classify as being in the "project" category rather than in the "proposal." An ancient (albeit trivial) argument for facts not changing minds is that rhetoric was a distinct discipline from logic. On sorting dropped decks: http://www.columbia.edu/cu/computinghistory/sorters.html "You may have heard the story of the operator who dropped a whole box of cards. Wanting to put things right as quickly as possible, he sorted the cards, without consulting the user. As it turned out, that was the worst possible response. Up until that point, the box had contained a sample of random numbers." (My father used to get his entropy from dead tree random number pools, similar to: https://www.rand.org/pubs/monograph_reports/MR1418.html ) Might this be an opportunity for Platforma Obywatelska to run a campaign claiming Rickrolling promotes an ideology more harmful than even Osoby LGBT? (on second thought, maybe encouraging politicians to troll, no matter how amusingly, might be counterproductive) Our government has explicitly said we won't have any hope of returning to our economic status quo ante until such time as the rest of the world is ready to import our exports. So I selfishly ask you all to wash your hands and keep your distances, please. We have more parties than the US and are less polarised[1]. I recommend more parties, but don't see any incremental way the US could get them. [1] but then again, we had a mid-nineteenth century religiously-motivated civil war and it only killed a few hundred people. So maybe we support a plurality of parties because we're less polarisable, and not the other way around? (rather than having a fabric of society, prone to ripping, having a dense irregular felt of society, of tocquevillean overlapping voluntary associations, FTW?) Eloi don't need to learn programming: "[by] the time you became truly proficient at programming, chances are that whatever you set out to write would be available in some form from a software publisher." Morlocks might want to learn programming, not because it's useful for eating Eloi, but because they're the sort of people for whom "purchasing an automobile for a cross-country trip [and] first [studying] cartography, then [proceeding] to obtain aerial and satellite photographs of the proposed route, and finally [drawing] a detailed map for the whole journey" sounds like a brilliant yak shave. (Sandberg-Diment has left out the parts where obtaining the satellite photographs involves SDR hacking into downlink telemetry and drawing the detailed map first requires implementing a geometric-algebra based direct-to-framebuffer renderer) recent discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23337759 The "campfires" remind me of HN: more eddies than a stream, but still on the involuntarily short term side, like visiting a garden with a tour group. What some friends remember most about their grad student days in the States is having the police called on them because they were walking around their neighbourhood. "We have a car. It's in our garage." was their defence when grilled by the responding officer. (don't even ask about their anecdote about after-dark US walking etiquette) Maybe try Bern? https://www.reuters.com/article/us-pedestrians-speed-study/w... A Berliner arrives at the Bern train station, and wants to get a haircut and shave. "Make it snappy, I have a transfer to catch," he tells the local barber. "All right sir, of course we can do that, but may I please ask the gnädige Herr ... what is your blood type?" The Berner would agree with the Geordies that "a gentleman will walk but never run." What is "soon"? ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_the_United_Sta... suggests "A report by the U.S. Census Bureau projects a decrease in the ratio of Whites between 2010 and 2050, from 79.5% to 74.0%") https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Rising_Tide_of_Color_Again... was almost exactly a century ago. Might be worth a read before we go stampede cattle through the Vatican. Take a look at the trajectories North Korea has used in their missile tests. Their leadership may well be as loony as claimed, but whoever is picking parabolas knows how to speak softly and loft a high apogee. (similarly, no matter how loony their current CINC may be, whoever in the USAF redeployed B-52s from Andersen AFB to Minot AFB also understands aposematism) 40 years makes for a long less-than-urban flânerie :) What are the modern equivalents of the ancient greek philosophers' venues? The Academy was an olive grove owned by Plato, so it would be an example of an institution whose endowment was identical with its campus (and the modern equivalent would be a school in a penthouse, funded by the rents from apartments below and retail on the ground floor?) The Lyceum https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peripatetic_school#Background appears to have been a multi-use public park. Did Aristotle adopt the peripatetic lecture style because he enjoyed it, or did the Lyceum have intermittently patrolling Athenian rent-a-cops who encouraged his auditors to "move along now" every so often? Stoics met in a stoa, so the modern equivalent might be a "strip mall philosopher." Diogenes' tub might be a rude structure of cardboard under an overpass, or at best a cast-off camping tent. (as the SDFs in Paris have) Bows are interesting because they allow time-shifting. An atlatl helps impedance match between human biomechanical force generation and spear inertia, but a bow allows a pull over a relatively long period of time to be stored, then used to accelerate an arrow over a relatively short period. That we're down to subtleties of this sort shows some progress. In the US south, before https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baker_v._Carr , it was apparently popular to commit voter fraud by weighting votes in some areas more strongly than votes in others. After that case, those committing fraud were so naive that all the dead people voted in alphabetical order . (IIRC the story continues: after arriving in the state Senate, the first order of business for the properly-winning candidate was a debate on how long someone had to be dead before they couldn't vote anymore.) https://www.atlantamagazine.com/news-culture-articles/the-fi... (In my voting jurisdiction we always conduct elections by mail. The last time there was a fraud, not only did all the people whose ballots were stolen report it, but the ballots had all been returned filled in with the same pen and same handwriting. I am glad we don't have "voting machines.") A lagniappe, Leningrad singing about russian small-town politics: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1J5lUKnD4I As far as way-too-lossy compression of written work goes, I wonder why 1984 and Brave New World are taught as dystopias? In the former, the 87+% of the population who are not Outer Party members have freedom of conscience, while in the latter, the islands sound very much like they'd be just as amusing and edifying places to live as Dante's First Circle. In switzerland, you can easily work up from day hikes to hiking refuge to refuge to pitching your own tent. (for your first hikes, shoes and a portemonnaie will suffice; in accessible areas the general rule is "if there is a view, there will be a restaurant.") trails: https://map.wanderland.ch/?lang=en&photos=yes&logo=yes&seaso... https://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/hiking-switzerland/45239794 (TIL that trail maintenance is refuges: https://www.sac-cas.ch/en/ We don't usually bother with trail maps (as everything is well signposted and difficulty-graded[1], and we do dayhikes so rarely leave a drainage) but they're readily available in analog and digital formats. PostAuto allows you to do through-hikes as well as loop-hikes or there-and-back-agains. I find Swisscom to have the best backcountry coverage, if that's important to you. (if you'd rather learn in a group, I'm sure you have a local hiking club.) a short guide to the types of people you're likely to encounter on the trail: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBDSHMQWvXA Finally, if you start hiking you'll be able to start participating in the Swiss National Sport: guessing where people come from based on their trail greetings. (guessing is easy mode, hard mode is playing what in the States is known as the Mennonite Game: figuring out a possible personal connection to people you've just met) [1] https://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/hiking-switzerland/45239794 TIL hiking trails were recently added to the Constitution by referendum. https://www.admin.ch/opc/en/classified-compilation/19995395/... Martial arts and partner dancing are two sides of the same coin: in the former, one maintains distance and predicts movement so one can break synch with an opponent by surprising, taking advantage of and increasing brief errors. In the latter, one maintains distance and predicts movement so one can synch with a partner by signalling, covering up for and decreasing brief errors. They were told that when coming up behind a (young?) woman walking alone at night, to make some noise, so she'll know you aren't a "bad guy" sneaking up on her. (Hobo? A gentleman of the rails might appreciate the rather friendly bull depicted in: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8YX4MYOppo . And then there's the classic https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrhAC0dFis0 .) True, and thinking that way, TIL that a trebuchet "is" a scaled-up libration-limited sling. and (for germanophones and machine translation users) an article on US "no trespassing" written from a german swiss perspective: https://tageswoche.ch/allgemein/das-land-der-grossen-freihei... (the caption on the "survivors will be shot again" sign is "they're serious": Die meinen das ernst.) relevant law clause in english: https://www.admin.ch/opc/en/classified-compilation/19070042/... I met my wife through sports, and we still do mostly the same sorts of things together we did while dating. If we were ever to stop those activities, I suppose I'd ask her what suggestions she might have. (currently we joke that at that point we'll have to "learn to use walkers together") Very tangential: wondering what Montaigne had to say about the New World led me to his OF CANNIBALS (somewhat in the genre of Tacitus' Germania ), in which I learned that Seneca had foreshadowed Monty Python's Black Knight. "sed etiam si cecidit de genu pugnat": And when he falls he fights on his knees. ( On Providence II.VI) compare https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRwCPUEND1U Excellent. He's got slings and crossbows as well... That's even too pessimistic. In the pre-Canter & Siegel days[1], we saw USENET and thought it would be wonderful if it entered every house, because it would elevate the general level of discourse. How optimistic was that? With hindsight, it turns out people have more of an influence on a medium than the medium does on the people. [1] for memory: when nearly everyone on USENET was highly geeky and it was aggressively non-commercial, the former due to barriers to access and the latter due to trying to stay under the radar of the organisations which were footing the long-distance bills. (one of the best discussion media I'm on is pre-USENET, or nearly so. Unfortunately it has no ouija gateway, so it's been losing members to organic attrition: cancer, heart disease, etc., more rapidly than the epigonoi have been adopting.) On board Akademik Cherskiy, they might be playing balalaika[1]. [1] "Я играю на балалайке / Это самый русский инструмент" With homo sapiens, the frequency of "some kind of local conflict" is not to be underestimated. What's really quite low? Ours hit 3,4% in May due to the virus, but June just came out at 3,2%... The only way your breakdown differs from The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism is that the "clueless middle class" in Oceania seems to split into two mutually antagonistic but still self policing Outer Parties. (also I think calling "white collar" "middle class" is a bit ahistorical: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23671937 but, as with "hacker", I guess I should make an attempt to go with the times, if reluctantly) Cleese: I get a feeling of superiority over them↓. Barker: I get a feeling of inferiority from him↑, but a feeling of superiority over him↓. Corbett: I get a pain↑ in the back of my neck. ¿Hola, qué tal? As to new opportunities, having multiple languages certainly makes it easier to vote with one's feet. (two years to acclimatise as a fresh immigrant may seem like a long time, but that may well be very short compared with the timescale of political change in one's birth country.) Languages can not only be explored in breadth or in depth, but also open up side quests of culture, music, etc. I would say one of the most significant benefits of attending an international school (presumably the Asker is past this point, however) is learning to habitually rephrase, paraphrase, gesture, etc. in order to accomplish things with people with whom one shares little vocabulary and not necesarily much more culture. Surprisingly, one may find these skills even come in handy when attempting to communicate with people who nominally share one's mother tongue and national culture... (It's also rewarding because the learning curve is relatively quick. At the beginning, one is only able to understand the sorts of conversations mothers have with very small children at WalMart, but before any of those children reach university age, one has gained the ability to read authors in the original.) It's too bad Zweig committed suicide after finishing Die Welt von Gestern . If he'd hung on for a year or two he would've seen the tide turning. "Ours" being swiss. This unemployment level is still very high, 50+% over June 2019. https://www.admin.ch/gov/de/start/dokumentation/medienmittei... . (caveat: bei uns gibt's Kurzarbeit.) What's a good source of chinese quarantine comedy? I briefly tried looking for a chinese equivalent to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BEPFJh4A9M but my hanzi search is weak. (maybe less distress because our "lockdowns" were less strict? Locally we were encouraged to go outside, etc. just to avoid travel and keep distance from others. Didn't even really do masks, those have come in with the second wave.) A https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bachelor_herd forms when young mammals start to get edgelordy, and are driven from their natal herds? I had heard that there are parts of Rotterdam where the politie patrol in groups of five. At the time, I'd thought of their safety, and guessed those must be hard neighbourhoods indeed. But after reading https://local.theonion.com/corrupt-policeman-worried-about-w... I wonder if another aspect may be because there are so many drugs transiting through, and while it's relatively easy for two people to be crooked together, it gets fairly difficult for five. Only oral, from a visiting dutchie. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVfiWfoDsrM shows pairs on patrol, but working closely enough they reinforce quickly for arrests. kijk 4 min 5 s (bereden politie can screen more effectively than fietspolitie, but I guess one goes with what one has on hand) Looks like your border patrol is much less relaxed than ours: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jy-dHaIuKdw Cars also produced the tuxedo/smoking, because tails were not so compatible with bench seats. To get a general idea of the engineering and moral progress mankind has made from the first century to the twentieth, compare: https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limeswachturm_Wp_3/26 with https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flak_tower to the олигарси? My outside impression of EE common wisdom last century: 1980's: hmm, maybe the capitalists were right about the communists all along. 1990's: hmm, maybe the communists were right about the capitalists all along. homo homini lupus Edit: for the downvoters, what is incorrect? I did state it was an "outside impression," and therefore would appreciate factual correction from people who were there, so I can update my models. As one can tell from the latin phrase, it's been a reasonable maximum entropy estimate for at least the last couple of thousand years (and probably even the last fifty thousand). Someone who actually speaks bulgarian can probably easily find a much better source, I tried "списък с български олигарси" and got: https://anonybulgaria.wordpress.com/2013/05/19/олигарси-в-бъ... which probably has a few specific answers to ur-whale's original question, "to whom?" > ...being on the crossroads of the East, West, Russia, and Turkey... Could being at a crossroads become an asset? What do you think of the projected Belt & Road route that passes through bulgaria between turkey and romania? (my bet is that the northern route is much more likely to happen, but a newly constructed middle route would have the advantage of not necessarily needing the existing gauge swaps) Just look at the pictures: I thought the tower-style fortification has stayed recognisably the same from the mid-first century to the mid-twentieth century. The major differences: scale (13m vs. 54m), materials (wood vs. concrete), and intended use (terrestrial vs. aerial defence) (that the need for fortification has remained current measures our moral progress over these thousands of years X-P) I got the impression, not that Serbia was terrible, but that the advantage Serbia has over Bulgaria is much less marked than it was earlier. I don't know your region at all, but for instance mid 80's Računari was a regular magazine, while all I can find for the same period in Bulgaria is an Isotimpex calendar: https://i.etsystatic.com/6486428/r/il/2fbacd/2104028442/il_1... (of course, ghits are a lousy way of judging, but since we have many EE voices in this thread I figure being wrong on the internet is a good way to get better information.) Interesting ... a "focus on veto" would give a more nuanced role to the permanent members of the UN Security Council than just "those who hold the nuclear umbrellas." After watching https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xz1Ye8I9NY I am tempted to set up a packet-switching network running something like https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2549 using Zero Halliburtons (or knockoffs) for framing. (alas, Concorde packet delivery no longer implemented.) TEUs for Jumbo Framing? https://fas.org/irp/doddir/army/fm3-19-15.pdf says that for CONUS (domestic) Civil Disturbance, US military doctrine is/was to operate with limited intelligence: B-34. Strict limits are placed on collecting information related to a civil disturbance in order to protect the civil rights of people and organizations not affiliated with the DOD. Civil disturbance plans and materials must not include lists of groups or people not affiliated with the DOD. Information on civilians and civilian organizations can be collected only with specific authorization from the Secretary or the Under Secretary of the Army. ... We shouldn't shame people for posting selfies, because without selfies there could be no meta-selfie: http://panevin.ru/uploads/blog/2016/lenin_selfi_1024-2.jpg (not only was Lenin a mushroom, but he invented the selfie before the west?) Stefan Zweig, in the Eros Matutinus chapter of The World of Yesterday https://ia601609.us.archive.org/21/items/in.ernet.dli.2015.1... discusses how porn and prostitutes were peddled in the latter days of the Austro-Hungarian Empire (A.E.I.O.U.). He even speaks of delaying puberty until after graduate school: p.71 "Here, too, an inner dishonesty disclosed itself, for the middle-class calendar in no way agreed with that of Nature. As far as society was concerned, a young man did not reach manhood until he had secured a “social position” for himself—that is, hardly before his twenty-fifth or twenty-sixth year. And so there was an artificial interval of six, eight, or ten years between actual manhood and manhood as society accepted it ; and in this interval the young man had to take care of his own “affairs” or adventures." Not the Vienna you're thinking of: https://www.google.com/maps/place/38200+Vienne,+France/@45.5... (shout out to Aventicum!) You're very welcome. Another recent Zweig reference: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23777984 (and, for the pre-Great War predecessors of OnlyFans, see p.122 "...it held no less than twenty-seven pictures of famous dancers and actresses in extreme décolleté, as well as three or four nude photographs..." or p.67 "“Art” and nude photographs in particular were offered to half-grown boys for sale under the table by peddlers in every cafe.") By commutativity of the copula, a jelly donut is a former US President. Now the remaining question is: was JFK a sweet dumpling? (guess someone with better connections will have to ask this no-longer-little girl: https://i1.wp.com/jfk.blogs.archives.gov/wp-content/uploads/... ) TFA has gnocchi and matzo balls, so I think spätzle ought to be admissible as 0-dumplings (where a filled dumpling is a 1-dumpling). Proper dumplings would then be those dumplings with at least one layer of filling. Are there any 2-dumplings or higher, the dumpling equivalent of turducken? (future work: classification of dumplings with handles, immersions of Klein Dumplings in cooking oil, ...)