This is cool, but I feel there still something missing with all these browser based editors. For some reason I still prefer sublimetext2+firebug I had a similar impression. the video looks like the founders really don't know anything about the business they are getting into. The video looks cheesy, like a corporation trying to speak teen's language to sell them ice cream, not like somebody who understands artists. also it was hard to understand what the site does, there is something like a price slider on the demo page but does not slide. what the hell is going on? better read some explanation... the founder probably did many mistakes, good luck next time. this is one boring job. the guy does weird things from time to time. QR codes never became popular here in Turkey. I'm pretty tech savvy guy but I asked all the questions when I first tried a QR code. There was an android appstore that I can't find a download link, just a QR code, I didn't know how to download them and gave up. When I figured out that it holds information that must be interpreted by an app, I was amazed and fooled around to see how amazingly accurate it is at reading it. But still, I see why it never caught-on here. We are a nation used to transfer pirated audio/video files, crack games and just don't expect things to work like "take a photo and a website opens". There is a poster about a concert with a QR code? Just google the artists name with the city name and the first result is the website selling the tickets. Why bother to find out what is that funny barcode, download an app for that? Just google it, you will find what's going on... Oh they did care, that's why they hide and fight back. they are probably just morons filled with hatred and no plan other than "bomb this people". they just assumed that they won't be caught, didn't consider the possibility that they would be identified. actually attempt to hide identity in the crowd would look more suspicious. the idea of hiding in the crowd requires to blend in, not look like you are hiding something. ah, and sorry for the typos. duck duck go cares. they are small but with constant traffic increases. honestly, it is the only search engine that gives me motives to use something other than google. This is one of the things that you know instinctively and you can relate immediately when somebody puts it out in a formal way. Myself and a friend of mine suffer from depression and we both feel much better when we are somewhat tired late in the night. Anecdotal evidence was there, so we both used to get things done just before sleep. they can say it's napster(read piracy) when you are not traveling just for the sake of traveling, you are definitely looking for the comfort of the familiarity. if you are on leisure trip overseas you would not want to have the exact same experience that you have at home, you seek something novel. but when you are doing frequent business trips that you didn't want to go on first place and you don't have much time for anything other than work you don't want to do risky stuff. all your mind is over the thing you are supposed to do and you just want some "home comfort" to refresh yourself and get your mind ready for the task. how easy is to use GO with other frameworks, let's say PHP? Would it be possible to write an application that uses PHP for some tasks, so you can benefit from the speed of GO and the the maturity of PHP? Actually, likes and shares may make people feel like they did their part and can move on. Donate, then share culture would help but if everybody thinks they are doing great job by "charity marketing" then we have a problem. Probably UNICEF has a problem so they are taking an action against it. I would not say that sharing the word is volunteering because it's so trivial that people share and like things by mistake all the time. When was the last time you heard somebody accidentally helped somebody in need? maybe charities can exploit the methods that games use? badges, avatars... something to differentiate paying and sharing users without scaring away the sharing folks while rewarding the donors. it could be very useful professional gadget for some but at this time it looks like the times when Microsoft was pushing the tablets without solving key problems. then one day the ipad came and did orders of magnitude better than all the tablets that microsoft endorsed for years. one day a company may figure out how to solve all these things and then we can have a glass that is a mass market product. the student is right because it states "into 2 pieces" which means you do one cut to an object and you now have 2 objects. this is total number of pieces = number of cuts + 1 from the beginning. probably the person who graded the question assumed that you are cutting chunks from an object, like slicing a bread. for every cut(except the last one) you get one new object, so every cut is +1 new object. if you slice the whole thing and the remaining object can be +1 piece, just like in the first situation, if you consider the last piece equal to the pieces you cut. so, +1 to the student :) this is not a plausible scenario at all. if the quantity of work done is not equal at each step the question is impossible to answer which means that the teacher is nor right, just there is a possibility to be right. but then, every answer could be right, just adjust your cutting path according to the answer you would like to be correct. before reading the article: Yay! we are in the future, finally. after reading the article: oh, it's just a steerable parachute powered by a propeller attached to a something like a car. I guess this is how sensationalist headlines work. Very well said. In my not-so-democratic home country, in many businesses the norm of doing business is not strictly by the law and the government turns blind eye on this as long as you play the ball. Whenever somebody upsets somebody in power, the might of the legal system crushes them without touching their cooperating competitors. It is completely legal way to silence anybody who you don't like that much. The non-profits are even more exposed. We even have a mayor who tried to demolish the campus of a prestigious university that issued reports about contamination in the drinking water, putting political pressure on the mayor. After some media circus(the mayor sent bogus samples to be analyzed but when university took the samples by itself, the results were much different), somehow he found an irregularity in the papers of the buildings and issued an order to for demolishing the 60 years old, architecture awards winning campus. Thankfully the court decided that destroying the university was not in benefit of the society and blocked the order. I have to note that this happened in the capital of the country, the irregularity was that the drawings were not in the exact same scale that the town required and somehow the legal system proceeded so quickly when lagging for years to prosecute many scandalous building projects of some friendly businessmen. it's about giving Yahoo a new chance. nobody likes yahoo, people think it's an outdated company that screws up everything. but marissa brought a new hope as she is a beloved ex-googler and people want this to work out, thus it's not yahoo that bought tumblr, it's marissa. she is the one who is doing exciting things, not that outdated loser that screwed flickr. didn't msn messenger came with windows pre-installed? this means that your non-tech savvy friends have an incentive to use it, just like the internet explorer. "hey John, I want to chat with you over this internet thing" John likes Jane and wants to talk to her but she is not comfortable with downloading and installing programs. She noticed that there is an app which name suggests that it is for messaging, she clicked the icon, answered the questions and created an account. Now the tech savvy John has to create msn messenger account to talk to Jane. All the people missing from ICQ are on msn messenger now and those on ICQ can easily create a msn accout. At first both msn and ICQ run side by side but msn messenger has all the people from the ICQ while ICQ lacks many of the friends. Why bother to use ICQ? the starting sound is not good enough reason and the RAM is scarce resource for many. so, don't run ICQ all the time, only when you need it. Msn catches up with the features and people don't have reason to use ICQ anymore. you can switch to some other network if you have somebody to interact there. also, many hated ICQ. it had annoying spam, the messages you receive from people that are not on your list. people can move away from facebook only if there emerges a network with a killer feature, builds up some core network of early adopters and the rest follows them because they know the people there. there don't have to be a middle ground. remember some posts few days ago about complaining that we are going back to 1999? well, that's because good designers try to accomplish a goal, they find a way to make a crack in their way and everybody follows. now it's a trend, people with little analytic thought say "yes, this is the correct way of doing things" and exploit the new ideas but without thinking too much about it. this results in flood of poor designs of the current trend that don't serve any goal. later, some new technology emerges, some clever designer find even better way to accomplish a goal and now we have another trend emergeing and all the zombies follow until erode it, miss use the techniques and ideas. the cycle continues all the time. sometimes a new technology or platform makes possible to take an old idea even further in solving a problem. some clever designer exploits it and now we have a retro. of course, the mass degrades it again:) no middle ground exist, it's just cycles of progress. There was an article about the IRS targeting legal organizations that are not exactly beloved ones by the government. Sure, FBI are not evil or anything but even one abuse is too much. Government agencies are build to act according to the status quo. What if the government is not perfect and there are people trying to change something but the government in power is opposing it. Ending the slavery, ending the Vietnam war, gay rights or any movement with an opposition in Washington could have been destroyed with the power that FBI is seeking. The recent decriminalization of drugs in some states could have been prevented if FBI had this power of intercepting all communications. People must have means to challenge the government with non-violent actions. Just because FBI may catch some terrorists is not good enough reason to give them all the means to preserve the status quo. I am not even talking about individual abuses that may occur, compared to society engineering, they are not that important anyway. anything client-side is never about security or consistency since no matter what you do, anybody can always send you any data they want. client side validity checking is about the user experience, I mean if the user is doing something wrong you can guide them to the right direction without the need of server interaction and server interaction is always slower that one line of client side code. sorry, I don't know such tools. you would be also surprised that there are lot's of people using IE. The fact is, you and probably most of the people here on HN are the 1%. ABP has 15 million users on firefox and 10 million on chrome. This is 25 million users worldwide, so out of a total 2.4 billion internet users ABP users are about 1% of the world population. the rest, 99% of the internet users are people who see ads. probably some of them also never clicked an ad but since the advertisement industry is a huge one, it is safe to assume that it works. the rules are listed on the page as: you nave to retweet and you have to follow namecheap to qualify again from the rules: If the deal gets enabled, your account should meet the following criteria to take advantage of the offer so it clearly says that if you want to take advantage of the offer, you need to retweet and follow actually, according to the founder's speech(in turkish) koding is more about social project management than a IDE on the cloud, just because. they hope to make money from selling servers. if enough crimes can be committed by sharing data online then the government would have enough incentive to hold complete control over the internet to prevent such crimes. these people really want total control over flow of information. though it is easy to create such a service, sometimes big companies just don't mess too much with things that are working just well and there is a room for niche products. still, it is very risky to offer a products only to someone else's users - you are out at the moment that the big company decides to implement the feature you are offering. technically, yahoo,google and microsoft(icq,myspace,friendter too) had all the resources to create most of the now popular online services like insagram, facebook, tumblr but they did not and now are buying these or compete with them fruitlessly. couldn't facebook create an app with filters? yes, but they bought instagram because of the userbase. so I agree with you that these are bad investments but only when the projects don't have something that could not be recreated with few engineers. >The Nokia devices ship with so much out of the box functionality that most people probably won't even install any if this is true, WP8 is just a feature phone with lots of features. if people are not installing apps then the developers wont build apps. according to here: http://www.internetworldstats.com/stats.htm there are 2.5B internet users. since google is more than a search engine(android, gmail, adwords and so on) we can assume that most of these users somehow interact with google services, so just adding other expenses and deviding the number to 2.5 billion would give a quite accurate result. I would say apple addressed that problem with macbook air. it feels like real computer, yet it has amazing battery and portability. what I am seeing is that people use air for the more serious jobs when sitting somewhare and their smartphone for the rest. "it feels like real computer" was to contrast it with the surface and other devices that are supposed to replace the laptops, not to imply that macbook air is not a real laptop. well, actually it seems to be at least his 2nd hire if he is not using it as a bargain chip. if he is saying the truth, he previously managed to get somebody executed for 80k. In Turkey, we have these things called virtual credit cards. You basically log in into internet banking, click a button to generate a new card, it shows up instantly, then you define how much limit it would have and you are ready to use it. For convenience you can use that card many times, just reset the limit or you can create new one if you wish. It's really good, I use it every time. Hmm, can this be implemented in JS frameworks, so that can be done with less code? you should read about: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miller_cylindrical_projection but this one seems to do what it claims to do. it's pretty scary for people who don't have decent backup system. but these same people live with the risk of losing their data due to a drive failure, so... I don't know, maybe it's not just about countries or cultures but about the current safety state in the place you are. My car broke down in Germany on relatively wealthy area(Wiesbaden, close to Frankfurt) and lot's of people tried to help me and I end up with a job and wonderful friends. This is quite cool actually. It reminds you that if your device has a sensor, it can communicate. It should be possible to communicate through a webcam and a screen when the airgapped devices are on the same room. It could be possible to communicate by accelerometer(macs has these) and inducing vibrations using the HDD when the devices sit on the same table. No, not QR codes since it would require the webcam capturing the screen directly. The screen may be used as a light source for the transmission and the webcam can capture the light reflecting from the walls... maybe, there are problems with the story. So, this is basically using the Google bot as a proxy. I don't see what Google can do about it, or does Google have to do anything at all. Just secure your website as if the attacker is not going to use the Google bot as a proxy, because well, nobody can guarantee that the attacker will use the Google bot. Google bot is nothing more than a computer sending HTTP GET request to your server, so if your site is vulnerable to HTTP GET requests why you write like there is something special about Google bot? Why? Do you want anybody but Google to hack your site? Why would Google spend resources on unnecessary detection of SQL injection(which probably will not be perfect anyway and may break legit requests) when anybody can hack your website? I just can't justify why do you expect Google to spend resources on not running bogus HTTP GET request when anybody can run those? What is different about being hacked by Google bot and being hacked by an unsuspected user who clicks on a bogus link that was put on the same page where Google found that link to your server? Just doesn't makes sense. From what my parents told me, during the communist Bulgaria people have been quite happy with the "jobs assignment" process. After graduation from college and if they are not going to continue their education they were given a list of available positions so they can pick few and they are placed according to their grades if there is a competition for a given position. On the other hand, the less meritocratic positions(like blue collar jobs in factories) were often subject to placement-by-bribery. Many would like a position where they can steal stuff for themselves. The seemingly meritocratic system gave them feeling of security but obviously the system was not working that well so the communist state collapsed and when it did, my parents lack of sense of the capitalist system left them in a limbo state. Those stealing, bribing folks did quite well in the communism-to-capitalism transformation period but many well educated people could not adopt and moved to well established capitalist economies where the meritocracy existed(at least they were finding jobs based on their credentials). However, at least my parents, never grasped the idea of entrepreneurship. They just don't have the basic instincts for doing a business and they failed miserably when they tried to start one. They are still working for other people. If the North Korean government fails, probably the turmoil will last for generations, until new culture emerges through a new generation of young people who can have an idea about how a capitalist society works. PS: We were from a discriminated minority, so maybe it was easier for the native Bulgarians however the North Korea seems to be much worse even than the last days of the communist Bulgaria. Electrical Engineer & Obstetrician Those permissions are just like an "EULA" or any other legal writing that the users just skip as fast as they can. This is why I switched back to IOS, I had really hard time finding apps with permissions that are not ridiculous. Whats worse, most of the people I know just didn't care and used these apps, making em popular and high rated. IOS as awesome in this regard, after all, my phone is the most privately used device. I think am not a paranoid type but I am not O.K. with somebody out there accessing my location and contacts. I am actually surprised we don't have big scandals with rough apps spreading all kind of private data all over the internet. I made this one when I was trying to learn JavaScript: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/budaneki/ It's an on-the-page look up and translation extension, I believe it was the first of it's kind when I made it and didn't use any JS framework but pure JS. I am kind of proud of it. Still have users regularly asking me to implement it for Chrome :) why not? it would be just like selling contraband cigarettes for the small guy. the big shots probably can just move to another market since they have a know how of dealing illegal stuff. If the problem you are solving is gone, you better be the person who solved it and collected the coins. If the existence of HTML/CSS guru depends on the bugs/problems of the browsers, they had plenty of time to see it coming. HTML/CSS is nothing more than a way to describe the way a page should look like. The HTML/CSS guru should not exist anyway since the designer is supposed to decide how the page should look like, so finally HTML/CSS is spoken by the right person without the translator, that is why HTML/CSS is just another yes no question. Hmm, semantics came from the APIs. Machines understand machines not by interpreting HTML but by special language that is made to be spoken between machines. The web of data has been largely achieved but but the organization of the data flow is taken over by human beings by tightly controlling what machines are talking with each other behind the scenes. HTML has been pushed even further to be a presentation tool rather than the medium for interconnected documents. machines rarely speak HTML these days but they talk with each other much more than before. At the end of the day, HTML is just another text file that tells the browser how to display some content to the human beings while machines exchange data by API. I don't think that Android users are any worse than IOS users however I strongly believe that Google Play needs to rethink it's policies. Thank you, this is cool. It's very annoying to read comments like "I gave 1 star but it's a good game" however I wonder how much is the actual effect on the ratings. Hi, I can say Google translate did good enough job. The speculation here in Turkey is that these are just kids. I see lots of complains from Turkish users on lot's of websites. Many Turks are switching to English just to get rid of this kind of comments. Hi, I am aware that the post on my blog is pretty shallow but my intention was not to dive deeper into the problem anyway. As you confirmed, the phenomenon is real. I am an IOS user and I was shocked when a friend told me about the comments people are making at Google Play, so I quickly put together a blog and wrote a post that dramatically exposes the problem. The idea is to catch attention of the people so that those who have the necessary tools and time can investigate it thoroughly. The problem is real and hopefully somebody in the position to fix it would see the post. Haha, funny thing: I've seen comments greetings their loved ones. Like it's on TV and their relatives are watching it :) Unlike "The Pirates of Silicon Valley", "Jobs" was painful to watch and it was not only because it was a bad movie but because I've already red the biography by Isaacson. It felt like somebody was lying to me to things I know that are not that way. It was like a creationist teaching me the evolution theory. I don't claim that The Pirates of Silicon Valley is completely accurate but but Jobs(movie) was out of line. It's not just that it got many facts wrong or lacked very important events, it felt so wrong on many levels, especially the way characters were portrayed. I am trying to build an app with AppGyver(cordova with lot's of native UI and really cool workflow - like trying the app on device immediately OTA) however I must say it's very limiting and if you say you would skip the native UI and build everything by your own, the app feels not-so-snappy. I should really buy a Mac and code native, this WebviewUI approach just doesn't cut it. how reliable are these tapes? Dogecoin is an example how your story about your product could make it or break it. Dogecoin is not yet another digital currency and this has nothing to do with it's technology. Most of the articles about Flappy Bird are frustrating. Everybody assumes that the developer somehow "hacked" the system, refusing to believe a phenomenon where sometimes just everything aligns and makes you successful. What I find even pathetic is that people trying to explain how Flappy Bird hacked it's way by the means available to everybody - like botnets posting reviews. I think in the reality it's just this: Sometimes people or products happen to be at the right time at the right place. Think about celebrities. Are the most popular actors that much outstanding from many others? Or musicians? Or artists? Most of them just happen to be caught to the perfect storm and they shine. Think about an actor who was in few movies before, but this time he is the Top Gun - and now we have Tom Cruise. What He did in Top Gun that he didn't in Risky Business? We like to believe that we live in a meritocratic society but most of the time glamour is about luck. I am not even sure that there is anyone or any product that is so outstanding that millions of people celebrate it for it's meritocratic qualities. That's why sometimes an old song becomes a hit many years later, like the song Beggin' became popular again 40 years after it's first debut. Did Madcon somehow made an outstanding cover for first time in 40 years? Sometimes it becomes a meme, like Three Wolf Moon becoming one after a review on amazon. Was this review first of it's kind or something really that outstanding? I don't think so. Flappy Bird was caught by the perfect storm, that's it. The game had the qualities, just like many other games, and some chaotic chain of events placed the game to a position where it can run for the glamour. it's kind of similar to beerware: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beerware I was waiting for something like this, but I expected somebody to build a flappy bird playing robot :) Do you know some good literature for machine learning 101? Where to start? Actually, it's the other way around. On the demo video the presenter says "the audio signal is transmitted from the computer to the phone". here at 2:15 : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5I6qV2b5iw I am more curious about if the phone has to be always listening and what happens if there is noise in the environment. Also what if the attacker manages to bring a recording device close enough? Is the distance important because of the amplitude or because of the delay due to the speed of sound? what if the attacker transmits the audio in real time? In Turkey, though not in EU but an EU candidate, the biggest GSM operator founded an appstore for Nokia devices and the developers were to receive 1/8th of the selling price exactly because of the complications. It was before the iPhone era, so the appstore had an unique advantage for exposure of the mobile apps to the clients but the one of the biggest benefits was that the GSM operator was handling the billing procedure. If you were to sell the apps by yourself, other than the need to process payment, you were required to send a bill to the buyer and figure out the tax payments. If you sold your app through the GSM operator's store, they would just add the purchase to the clients phone bill and handle the taxes. Because of this service, the developers would have been earning 0,125$ from 1$ sale. This is borderline to SPAM, so I think the e-mails should be very personal. If you have many competitors I am probably getting lot's of these e-mails which means you would have much harder time to get my attention. Let's say you are a hosting provider, I probably would not like to get an e-mail from you offering me some good price or hard to understand feature of yours, because there are probably lot's of cheap hosting providers out there and every other provider is trying to differentiate themselves somehow. Other than "identifying my problem" you really shouldn't sound like giving me a sales pitch. But if you noticed that, let's say I have 350ms response time in Asia when it's only 50 in USA and you have some solution for it, I probably will reply you even if I am not going to buy your service right away. This is Cool! Actually it was my plan to find local businesses with bad/outdated websites and offer them a "renovation" but I didn't think to do this pragmatically. Thanks for the cool idea :) If I am going to look for some freelance work, I may actually try to imitate your approach. Exactly! This is how I differentiate SPAM from legit e-mails too. I don't mind if somebody is offering me some service or something, why should I? If I have a problem to be solved, I would be happy to get the offer. I am pretty sure that I've seen these. I have to say, I admire Steve Jobs in a sense that I admire Frank Underwood character in House of Cards serial. By mobile you mean Android. In IOS, apps needs to explicitly ask the user to access the contacts after installing the app. How is this graphs fault? The only fault the graph has is that it clearly displays the data, the problem is in the idea that is represented. It's formally called "Correlation does not imply causation" and it's fault of the person who is suggesting it. There is a famous satirical version of this too: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:PiratesVsTemp(en).svg It has nothing to do with graphs, graphs are are just visual tools and people reading data from them are supposed to evaluate it just like reading data from any other tool and not jump into conclusions. What the graph in question suggests is that both "transistor count" and "average life expectancy in germany" have risen trough time and if you are reading this as "rising transistor count increases life expectancy" it's your fault. Why not read it like "from 1971 to 2011 both transistor count and life expectancy increased steadily, maybe because of the advances in technology - we should look into it, it's too early to say anything" This is not true. Correlation means that there is some kind of relation between two variables(for example, how they change over time) but it says nothing about the mechanics of the relation, which is the causation. Let me investigate this example: the observation: Students who watch less TV have better grades. It's not like pirates v.s. global warming, it actually makes sense at first and if you are the minister of education whose goal is to increase the grades among students and you don't have an idea about "Correlation does not imply causation" principle you may actually suggests to ban TV's to improve the education. You can even draw a fancy graph to support your idea. However, after further investigation you may find out that this would not work because it's not the TV that is causing the lower grades. Maybe the better students tend to watch less TV because they prefer to read books instead of watching TV. This time it may seem to suggests the opposite: Increasing the students success in school reduces the time the TV is watched. However after even further investigation you may find out that your better students are from poor families(maybe the schools in your country are accepting the best students without tuition and are not selective about these who can pay) that just don't have a TV set, or maybe these better students also need work part-time to support their families, thus they just don't have time for TV. Thus, you can't really change one value by synthetically manipulating the other one. Turns out, the correlation did not meant causation. I would not go into lengths to call correlation an evidence. It can be taken as a clue for further investigation because it also does not deny causation. My ex didn't have a smartphone but her phone had WhatsApp and Facebook and pretty much nothing else from the smartphone world was supported. I don't think that I had any choice other than WhatsApp since the person I wanted to talk had no other choice. I was using it not because of the interface or anything but because it enabled me, I personally don't like the visual design of WhatsApp btw. WhatsApp become incredibly popular here in Turkey and I suspect that it's mostly because of the fact that it was the only messaging app that almost everybody can install to their phone, including non-smartphone users. Everybody here have at least one phone but not everybody had a smartphone and if some of your friends are out of reach, its a deal breaker. Line, I belive had little bit traction, Viber too. WeChat even run TV ads but eventually, everybody have WhatsApp :) Thank you for the links. hmm, the logo's don't look like some giant-and-evil inc. is trying to sell you something so this could really appeal to the target community. makes sense. I remember reading an article about discount supermarket chains where the designs of the product packaging and the store itself were intentionally made cheap-looking to communicate the message "you pay only for the product, not for the fancy packaging, advertisement or store". So the logos of GNU maybe communicates just the right message instead of looking fancy. When you use the word "stealing" to describe anything other than shoplifting or burglary it instantly starts endless conflicts with each party with it's own definition of what is stealing based on their own definition of what is property and so on. I would like to describe the situation as cheating in the game without trying to going down into the rabbit hole that the digital goods opened(or expanded, since before the digital era we already had goods that are valuable other than it's material and building value. Books, Paintings, Designs, Blueprints and more). So, you are producing something with intention to gain money or maybe just reputation but often you already use other peoples work to do that - nothing is made out out of thin air. Then somebody is building some other product with some intention like making money, gaining reputation or something else and his product is using your product and maybe many other people's products. Let's say a website with AI that awesomely curates the content of other people. In this situation everybody produced a valuable product but the other guys product's success is on your expense. Ideally you would have an arrangement where everybody wins. I will give an example from the movies and music industries: a)When you have the arraignment it's iTunes store. b)When you don't have one, it's the Prate Bay. or Defense industries: a) When you have a contract it's joint venture and you exchange some information to build some product. b) When you don't have one and you spy on each other to create similar product its espionage. or personal relationships: a) When a couple are also seeing other people with the consent of the other one, it's open relationship b) If there is no consent, it's called cheating. It's not about stealing, it's about managing the resources in coordination with other parties so that everybody wins. Otherwise often one party wins in expense of the other, many time everybody loses in the long run. I agree, some of these effects are appropriator for negative ore attention seeking reactions. A checkbox must be checked before submitting the form? Shake the ckeckbox when the user clicks submit. Log-in failed? shake the log-in form. Word by word is feels unnatural, phrase by phrase may be better - I don't know. However, I have dyslexia and I often struggle to follow the line, sometimes I drop out and I have to read a sentence or two again to get in flow state. I found this method to really improve my reading speed but I am still not sure if want it as my default reading method. Hi, The method for blocking websites in Turkey is through ISP's DNS servers. So when you don't use a Turkish ISP DNS server you are all good with most of the blocked sites. Some websites, especially popular porn sites are blocked through the IP. In such cases you need a VPN or proxy. The tool you are using to check Twitter servers probably don't use a Turkish DNS server. If you don't believe, check the website status from the Informational Technology and Communication presidency of Turkey website: http://eekg.tib.gov.tr/ The court orders are displayed both in English and Turkish. You are welcome. If you have any questions feel free to ask, you can reach me by twitter too: @mrtksn this is how the DNS Look-up for twitter looks like at the moment: http://i.imgur.com/yKmmDYc.jpg I used TTNET's DNS server for this. It's the biggest ISP in the country. I just want to add few things: Most of the leaking tapes are from the corruption investigation that was effectively blocked by the PM. His son was to be detained too but he shuffled or dismissed any prosecutor or police force that would dare to. Later he restructured the Supreme Board of Judges and Prosecutors and did everything to stop the investigation and arrests. The son of the Interior minister was arrested too but the Interior minister himself remained in power till he helped out Erdogan to restructure judiciary and law enforcement forces. The legal files were leaked too. Turns out the Interior Minister knew about the ongoing investigation,so he created a team in the police to surveillance the other policemen who were after his son. It's surreal. Actually, censorship is nothing new for Turkey so some serious portion of the population knows how to overcome it. Probably these tweets are sent mostly by Turks in Turkey :) However, this is not the whole story. The current ruling party has huge support from the uneducated and/or religious masses that may not be that informed about the technology. Since 3 months new corruption documents are leaked through twitter, which puts pressure on the PM. Just yesterday there was a phone conversation of one of the Ministers leaked and apparently the guy was mocking Islam when he was trying to look like as devoted muslim in front of the public. I've down voted you because you claim that the leaked phone conversations are fabricated. few things about it: 1) some of the people involved accepted the authenticity of these recordings(some directly, some logically) 2) the recordings that were denied being authentic were investigated by audio forensic experts and they reported that these are real. 3) the pro-government media tried to scam US based audio studios to get reports to falsify these recordings. for an example, the mainstream pro-akp media used a report by Kaleidoscope Sound which was later denied by the studio. You can read their public statement here: https://www.facebook.com/KaleidoscopeSound 4) Other evidence brought to light by the opposition party supports the authenticity of these recordings. 5) These recordings are part of the legal prosecution. Though there were some recordings that were made illegally, the fact that the ruling party actively blocked the legal prosecution lives no choice for the public to learn about the accusations from the whistleblower. If the legal process was not blocked it would have been better to wait for the outcome of the prosecution, but in this case we don't have choice. Right now Turkish ISP's block twitter through their DNS. People using OpenDNS or Google DNS, or any other DNS service other than Turkish ISP's can access Twitter. However it's expected to see Twitter's IP's blocked anytime soon. In Turkey some websites, especially porn websites are also blocked by IP. Here is the DNS look-up result: http://i.imgur.com/yKmmDYc.jpg nope, unfortunately it's just your DNS cache. blocking Twitter is not censorship(because you can't expose private conversations about corruption) but downvoting is(because you are preventing pro-government statements being celebrated). this is what Turkish people are dealing with. I would like to post a comment from previous discussion, explaining what is this all about: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7439602 ------------ Background info: This is hypothesized to be a reaction to a series of audio recordings that were anonymously released over time. These were ridiculously damning, clearly someone is tapping phones without anyone else's knowledge. Previously: http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/feb/27/turkish-pm-corr... http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/iw/contents/articles/origina... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_corruption_scandal_in_Turk... Some highlights from the "alleged" recordings so far: - PM calling to get news about an opposing party removed from a TV channel multiple times - Modifying political poll results to manipulate public opinion - Getting people of opposing opinions fired - Buying a large paper shredder to destroy documents - PM calling son to ask how much money there is at home, son replies saying about 1 trillion, then switches to 3-5 kurush (cents in turkish). - PM calling son to say "they're raiding the houses, zero out the money". Son says there's only 30 million euros left. - Call to order the judges to be fixed, and says that a specific person is to be imprisoned. - Trying to manipulate who goes on the supreme court. - Says "ignore the prosecutor who's running the corruption investigations". Orders documents ripped up. (source: http://www.hurriyet.com.tr/yazarlar/25981622.asp ) The official reason for the shutdown is that there were sexual photos of some poor citizen released on twitter against her will, and she complained but twitter refused to take them down. So they decided to shut down the entire website. Yeah, right. Of course this is ominous that at the end of this month, the local elections will take place. No coincidence. It's surreal how all this is going down. It's like watching a conspiracy theory movie. Blatant shills everywhere, media manipulation abounds, blatant lies heard on TV from the horse's mouth. We were all skeptical already, it's inevitable when you live in a third world country for years, but wow. When you hear the insiders actually talking to each other, it's a whole new level. more news on this specific event: http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-blocks-twitter-after... http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2014/03/turkey-erdogan-... Related old post here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7189577 edit: Erdogan stated a few days ago that he didn't care what the world thought, and he would eradicate twitter. He said "how dare they listen to our encrypted phone conversations". It's expected that on the 25th, something huge is going to be released that might sway the elections bigtime. Whoever is posting these are doing it slowly and deliberately, a few days at a time, building up anticipation. So people think that twitter getting shut down is probably related to this. edit2: All recordings were put on youtube by someone: https://www.youtube.com/user/haramzadeler333 a reply: ------ I just want to add few things: Most of the leaking tapes are from the corruption investigation that was effectively blocked by the PM. His son was to be detained too but he shuffled or dismissed any prosecutor or police force that would dare to. Later he restructured the Supreme Board of Judges and Prosecutors and did everything to stop the investigation and arrests. The son of the Interior minister was arrested too but the Interior minister himself remained in power till he helped out Erdogan to restructure judiciary and law enforcement forces. The legal files were leaked too. Turns out the Interior Minister knew about the ongoing investigation,so he created a team in the police to surveillance the other policemen who were after his son. It's surreal. Actually many people expect that it's probably not a sex tape but evidence about a political assassination and the PM himself is involved. Since a while the whistleblowers are talking about it, giving teasers and so on. edit: the attorney of the victim made a statement that they didn't demand twitter shut down: https://twitter.com/uygar_sirin/status/446949526637527040/ph... Earlier this morning, a judge gave an interview to CNN Turk, saying that the court did not issued a complete shut down order bu the body who regulates the internet used the court order to do this. edit2: The prosecutor, quoted by the regulatory body as the reason for the shut down, denies such an order: https://twitter.com/e_altn/status/446953513839767553 -------------- This is like taking whole telephone network down because somebody is spreading lies on the phone. or blocking Google because it can be used to find child pornography. or Cutting the electricity in a whole country if somebody complained that he is being electrocuted. What should have been done is to prosecute the person who is doing it. It's not like these photos went mainstream or anything. Nobody knows who is that person or have seen these photos. Even if that was the case, you still have to punish the offenders, protect the victim without shutting down a fundamental service to everybody. Hopefully, till the end of time. The military interventions are the primary reason for political Islam to have such an influence over the Turkish society. Actually it's the Interior minister, the original OP probably made a mistake. The phone conversation goes like this: +son, tell me what do you have at home? is there anything... -no dad, what can I have? +how much money do you have at home? -only left overs from my own money, just few cents((3-5 kurush is an idiom to describe small, almost neglectable amounts of money)), you know about it... +how much? -about 1,000,000 Turkish liras(he says 1 trillion, in old currency - Turkey dropped 6 zeros from it's currency but people often use the old numbers) dad... 1,000,000 is about 450,000 USD you can listen to the recording here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJwlEpShpTM here are some photos from the raid, leaked to the press : http://i.imgur.com/mqBxsRB.jpg Here is english-dubed version of the leaked phone conversation between the PM Erdogan and his son, allegedly when trying to get rid of evidence: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htUIHJuDNzk&feature=youtu.be About the MITM attack: TurkTrust, the only ssl certificate authority in Turkey, was recently involved in a huge scandal: http://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2013/01/08/the-turktrust-ssl... Do you think that it's possible for the government to force TurkTrust to generate fake certificates for Google & Twitter and intercept the SSL traffic using TTNET? They did that, apparently by mistake, on the EGO(government company in Ankara) network by generating fake Google certificates. Is there something to stop them from doing this on national level? I don't think the ISP's would reject cooperation. They should be able to watch Twitter's frontend address and ban it accordingly. Right now the solutions are VPN, Tor and opera mini style proxy services. It's expected that they may go after these too. AFAIK the law requires ISP's to take measures against censorship avoidance methods. The PM acts against the social media as if it's an existential threat for him. I am not sure if he rationally calculates these actions or he just can't handle any speech that is not controlled directly by him.(as the leaks indicate, he practically controlled the traditional media for years since) take a look at the console. >Fails thus far: 5 A Turkish scholar have nice analysis on this. She thinks that the Turkish government does not seek to completely ban the spread of information and knows that it's not possible. Instead the government tries to demonize the social media to keep it's supporters away from it. here is the full article: https://medium.com/p/cb596ce5f27 I can confirm NS lookup to Google DNS, when done using the national cable ISP network, returns spoofed results. here: http://i.imgur.com/jfZS31C.png how about this: http://i.imgur.com/2jEais0.png The elections are tomorrow and it's prohibited by law to broadcast political rallies on the last day. The pro-government TV channels are broadcasting Erdogan's rallies while other TV channels respect the law(and they are afraid of disproportional penalties if they do the same). So today only Erdogan is on national TV. Erdogan claims that there is a "global conspiracy to stop the rise of Turkey" and people who believe him don't care much about the unlawful things he is doing because you know, Turkey is under attack and extraordinary measures should be taken to protect the country. Polls show that %77 of the population believe the corruption case against the government is real. However the situation is really complicated. Without going into details, I have to say that probably there is a real conspiracy orchestrated by the Gulen(islamic cleric allegedly with big influence on the judiciary & law enforcement) movement because some of the leaked tapes seems to be collected illegally. The Gulen movement was close ally with the government till recently. They probably collected evidence about the corruption in the government since years and waited until the right moment comes to start the criminal case. The PM responded by demonizing the whole movement and suspending the rule of law. The allegations against the Gulen movement are not proven at all but few years ago the same prosecutors started a case against the military and lot's of unlawful things took place during the whole trail process. That time the PM Erdogan strongly supported the case but today he claims that this was a conspiracy against the Turkish army. Many lawyers agree that lots of the evidence against the military was fabricated and many people were imprisoned for political reasons. Back then a sex tape of the main opposition party leader was leaked and PM Erdogan used it as a political tool. Today the same PM claims that these leaks about corruption are invasion of his privacy. Another leak shows that the PM was involved in the filming and distribution of the sex tape of the opposition party. It's just huge mess here. O.K. This is probably a stupid question but if it was apparent to many that the code of OpenSSL was horrible why people kept using it and nobody tried to re-factor it? How it is possible that such a popular and critical piece of opensource software survived the years without a complete face-lift and nobody wrote thorogh documentation? Actually, I recall a short documentary about the production of the Apple ads and as far as I remember Apple uses real photos of products, not CGI. But probably because of the difficulties of capturing photos of LCD screen(white balance, polarization, luminescence intensity and so on) they may be replacing screens with screenshots. This was the argument of the Turkish government all the time. Why accept requests from Germany, France, UK, USA but not Turkey? funny, pastebin is blocked in Turkey. The censorship is not conservative in turkey With the rise of the cloud, now everybody manages a server. I am curious about how many of the admins actually know what are they doing. If I have to speak for myself, I set up my first ssl by following a guide that seemed to written by reasonably well informed stranger. It was my first exposure to the topic so I could not tell what I am doing until I break things and start reading deeper materials so that I can debug the problems by understanding what's going on. Turns out that the stranger who wrote the tutorial I followed was not well informed at all. Back then I hadn't access to the internet(1997-8?) and I was trying to figure out how this LCD screen thingy was working by dissecting the parts of my Casio clock and I found out about this "miracle" glass that looks just as normal one but inverts the screen colors(=b&w) when put in different position. I have to say, it made me a badass :) Now-days kids could just look it up in minutes an move on. I am not sure if this is a good thing. On the rainy days the Nissan cars would look much prettier among all these dirty cars. I guess in such a case the whole brand would benefit. Every single car would be like an advertisement with all the spotlights on them. are they selling Russian software to Russians? if not, beside strong education in the soviet times, it's probably a very good career to sell software to the westerners. Actually, Apple's one of the main selling points is the apps(remember "there is an app for that" ads?). Apple definitely wants to make developers happy but I imagine this is very hard thing to do on scale. I don't think that Apple would risk to lose it's developers to other platforms, they should have witnessed how Windows Mobile desperately tries to boost it's app numbers and how Android pushed hard to reach big numbers of apps for everything. Their Mac platform also suffered from "everybody supports Windows" situation. Apple also tried to stop cross platform apps getting in the AppStore by banning apps made with 3rd party tools(I believe they rationalised it by saying that it's about the app quality but later they got less stricter on this). So yes, Apple wants to make developers happy so that IOS platform gets the best apps but it's just hard thing to do. However it would have been better if Apple had a competitor on the premium apps business, Google's money comes from advertisement which probably keeps them unmotivated to transform their store to more premium marketplace. If Android becomes serious money-making platform this probably would push Apple harder to solve developer problems too. >This is about Apple simply sucking really hard at anything related to the web I concur. My point was to challenge the statement about Apple not caring about it's developers. I don't defend Apple's way of handling this, there are industry standards to handle service outages, Apple should implement them. There is a chess app on IOS that suggests you moves and warns you against obvious situations where you would lose your piece. It's using an old but still popular engine: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/chess/id522314512?mt=8 I had most fun with this chess engine. Stockfish engine was not fun at all, it was playing like an "asshole" most of the time and when the AI strength is reduced it was like playing against a stupid "asshole". When playing against human you feel like your opponent is on something but against AI you feel like you run for your life. Mind you though, I am very amateur chess player, I play only recreationally. It's nice, like animate css: http://daneden.github.io/animate.css/ My main problem with CSS animations is that it does not have an easy way to detect and intercept the animation stage. Sure you can listen to animation start, iteration and end, even you can get time elapsed but I am not aware of how I can get individual key frames and change it on the fly. I don't agree with the example about Candy Crush integration with facebook for asking friends for lives. I don't think it's in the same category with "share on facebook to earn free gold" kind of practices, which are what Apple is after for in my opinion. They are completely different: one rewards spamming, the other involves a game mechanic where you ask your friend to do something for you(though it's possible to bug your friends that have nothing to do with the game, if you are inconsiderate person). It's O.K. to ask your friends for a help but it's still your duty to think about bothering if your friend would be annoyed or not. This is particularly interesting article because they have the answer to the question on the bottom of the page: http://i.imgur.com/0NdMB4S.png The share icons are Facebook, Twitter and Google+ logos. The share icon that nobody agrees to is actually just the icon that is going to reveal the interface of the actual share icons. I think that users don't want to share, they want to post on facebook, tweet or do the thing that people on google+ do(sorry, never used it) because the context of the thing that you are going to share is often appropriate to one of these and the reflex of the user is something like "I should post this on facebook so that my friends see it" or like "I should tweet this so that my audience sees it". You can't find the logo for the share icon because the action is fundamentally something else. I don't know, maybe the button that will open the interface for the sharing buttons should just represent the logos of the services available. apparently the zip file contains an installation of symfony2 with supposedly the cnet code as bundles. I don't know, it's kind of boring to look at the code of a standard portal website built with a well known framework. instead of posting the source code(which I hadn't looked further than directory structure so I can't confirm if it's real, because well, it's just another symfony code) why just don't tell that cnet is hacked and they are using symfony and explain who and how did this? I really can't see much value of distributing the source code of a standard website built with a standard library. hmm, it's an advertisement for those who may want the database file. the zip file contains a read.me file which has a bitcoin address in it, offering the DB for 1 BTC. I don't think that this post should be on HN. an you were right :) Somebody took "the user is drunk" UI design method quite literally :) Here is a video about the "the user is drunk" idea: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2CbbBLVaPk Basically, the idea is about assuming that your user has an attention and a vision of a drunk person, not designing a UI for literally drunk people. I highly recommend the video. I like how dynamics of complex systems are getting so captivating and easy to understand by visually simplified simulations rather than mathematical expressions. The human mind somehow grasps these dynamic, subconsciously creates an in-brain simulation and you can predict what will happen when you play with the parameters on the computer simulation. It just feels so natural. You are not non-existent, you are just taking another path where some things are "easier"(from locals perspective, it's usually easier to get a spot at a good school) to achieve they are actually much harder to hold because you are out of the safety net. Other things are incredibly laborious and some things are effectively out of your reach. From techie perspective, think of it as dirty and quick hack. You are basically quick fix at the system, you don't conform to predefined interfaces and you do not fell in any of the object categories but you still can interact with other objects. Because you don't go from all the checks, some things are easier to you and you can run faster but at the same time you are out of any error checking mechanism. If you fail, you fail dirty and you can't recover. So when you are an illegal in a country, you usually have access to some things like education and healthcare(sometimes easier than the locals) but you may have incredibly hard time to open a bank account and anything that depends on you having a bank account(the things that are easy and hard depend on the country). It all depends on what paperwork is needed, sometimes you hack your way to obtain certain paperwork(I know a guy who is taking the metro for free, so he would be fined and they will send him a mail with the fine and he will use that mail as proof of address to open a bank account). Being illegal in a country is very interesting beast. Some people, like the person with the most upvoted comment make it look lşke it's a privilege but it's not. Do you fancy to be an illegal? Burn your documents and pretend that you are somebody else. Fancy being illegal immigrant to enjoy the "privilege"? Burn your documents and pretend that you are the illegal immigrant you want to be. That comment is incredibly shallow, it revolves around "they break our rules :(" without actually considering the circumstances and questioning the rules. This is a shameful comment for a website called hacker news. Please go write your opinions on respecttheauthority-news something. studying is probably one of the easier tasks for an illegal immigrant. states don't want to have much illiterate and skilless people around and don't want to block those who want to get educated so usually they have all kind of exemptions to enable people get education. also, because the education on the planet is not uniform things like maths tests can go long way instead of paper work. Translation: Important information for our customers in Turkey We regret to inform you that PapPal is ceasing its operations in Turkey. Starting on 6th of June 2016, our customers in Turkey will no longer be able to send and receive money from their accounts. Our customers can access their accounts and transfer any balances into a Turkish Bank Account. We want to stress that as PayPal our customers are our number one priority. However our application for license was denied by the local regulatory body and we were ordered to stop operations. We advise our customers to follow for more information about the impact on them. We thank our customers for choosing us and we will continue to work to obtain the necessary permission so that we can provide service in the future. I think this is a very valid question. For me, the undeniable fingerprint of Gulenists is the fact that police chiefs dismissed for affiliation with Gulen were caught inside the military tanks. There are videos of it and I don't see any other logical explanation for catching suspicious civilians in military vehicles during a coup. For people who followed the last 10 years of the Turkish politics, the Gulenist affiliation is obvious but I think it is still very hard to explain it to people who are exposed for the first time. Before Erdogan, the Turkish military was actively cracking down on the Gulenist infiltration and it is 40 years old subject with hard to believe but proved multiple times conspiracies. Gulenists always abuse the benefit of doubt and as a secretive cult usually the evidences against them have some kind of explanation and all these strange coincidences are tagget as normal. After all, there is nothing stopping the Lottery from winning on the 1 2 3 4 5 6 numbers every time, its just improbable so it is not 100.000000% guarantied to be fraud. Very valid question and I tried to explain it here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12189296 Basically, few police chiefs dismissed for Gulen affiliation were caught inside the tanks involved in the coup and there are videos of it. Fair enough. Here is an article with a video: http://www.mynet.com/haber/guncel/emniyet-muduru-vatan-cadde... If you were a Gulenist you would have claimed that this video is not what it isand try to be likeable so people who don't speak Turkish would choose to believe you. A proper Gulenist would say that this video just shows a guy in a military uniform. What you should do is to google the name of the guy and find old articles with photos about him being dismissed from his job as a police chief. There are reports about him committing suicide. That's the spirit. The subject is incredibly complex. Google Translate would not help you. I would suggest reading articles by foreigners living in Turkey. Try Claire Berlinsky, a British national and the biographer of Margaret Thatchet. She is living in Turkey since a decade and closely following the political science. https://mobile.twitter.com/ClaireBerlinski What happens if you use that data to create entirely new database? Let's say, can I create a database of people who work at Google and like ice cream by scrapping linkedIn and Facebook? maybe un-Googleable but social-mediable as the pun increases visibility when the sharing and voting mechanism is involved. Probably that's how the project was briefed to the designers, so... Right, but in that case could adopt the Wikipedia model. So, donations. In some countries macs are ridiculously expensive for students and even for professionals and people just install MacOs on their already available PCs so that they can mess around with XCode or the tooling for web development. Sure you can have most of the tooling on Linux for example but the MacOs UI is much better than anything available for Linux distros. Also, curiosity. No I can't but for me it means that it always performs well no matter if I am watching video or messing on sublime text or I am on the terminal. Also, the terminal for me is only about the work I do and almost never about managing my computer because my computer works as expected. My blood boils when I hear about linux on desktop because my experience always involved up keeping linux doing millions of easy things all the time just to make the thing run. Some funny glitch when running Chrome? Oh that's because of the display driver, update it and you'll be fine but to update it you need to install some dependencies and to install these dependencies you need to add some repo. Oh great now the app that worked is no longer working because installing drivers somehow messed to the permissions of some folder, just run this command to fix the permissions and now you are all good. Remember that app that was crashing due to permissions? Yeah, it was due to a bug that is fixed on the new version now you need to run this command o undo the permissions change because the bug was fixed and now it's not working with the hack. I like not maintaining my tools, I don't maintain my macbook except for installing updates when prompted and cleaning the screen and the keyboard every now and then. My uptime tends to be from OS update to OS update. US users probably don't know much about it but Interrail is one of the greatest things about being young European, together with the Erasmus student exchange program. Add the very low-cost airline ticket to the mix on a continent that is quite safe and peaceful place and you may start to understand why young people are much more positive towards the EU project than the previous generations. EU is also planning to give Interrail tickets to to all young EU citizens, I hope it becomes a reality: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/interrail-pas... Europe can be cheap as much as you want, hitchhiking and youth hostels are safe and available pretty much everywhere. You can even visit expensive cities like London for about 20$-30$ a day by sleeping in a hostel and and eating fast food(or even cheaper if you do groceries and cook in your hostel). I really love what we have in Europe, it would be a huge tragedy if it all collapses back to the divided and hostile Europe. I understand how it concerns you and how on principle can be against your ideology but I wouldn't call a train ticket "disgusting" :) Giving young people means to travel is not brain washing, it's actually the opposite as they can actually go to that country and see what it is all about so they would be less susceptible to propaganda. It's like public education but with no teachers to push an ideology(it's just a ticket, doesn't come with a guide), I would say that if EU manages to pull this of it would be a great public service. Nope, you can get a Schengen Visa and you will be able to visit most of the countries. Also, EU citizens can travel visa free. There is a visa free travel opportunities for many other citizens from the world as EU or individual countries have special agreements with many countries. So no, it is not a 100 bucks per country visa fees. That's quite right. You can safely add $10 per flight for transport to the airport. I wonder what will happen when AI is good enough to imitate real internet users and ad agencies just spin up some servers in some datacenter that handles millions of bots that are indistinguishable from real people and follow the formula of the influencers. It's very interesting in Safari on macOS when you switch to another tab. (I guess) You can see how Safari's power saving kicks in as the counter stops refreshing the tab title instantly after the 10th second and the next refresh is after 10 more seconds and the intervals of refresh increase as time passes. It's crowdsourced, it will have more info as it gains popularity Depending on how Protectionist Trump actually becomes, global companies like Google and Facebook may have huge challenges. Russia and China already had the idea of local alternatives and the EU was pushing for data protection for a while. Governments might decide that it is not good idea give that much information about their population to the USA and maybe we will see the end of truly global companies. It might be good for Apple though, as with it's strict data collection limitations. The end of the truly global companies in the US or anywhere. Especially the companies relying on mass adoption and data collection will probably be forced to scale back and if feasible run separate Data centres in individual countries and be strictly regulated. I have been reading for years how broken the current system is, so I would bet that there is a market for that. The issue is the motivation behind the change. What if the changes are designed to please an electorate that is not directly impacted but they just really really want to see some heads rolling? There are some serious credibility issues with the current US govt. Left or right, populists pretend to swing a magic wand and magically fixing problems. Ban immigrants, implement 90% tax for the rich and so on, until these vote generating policies break apart. My iPhone camera face detection was able to detect some of the camouflaged examples instantly. As you said the current marketing message implies distrust and sounds like an app for the mafia dealings. If this was my app, I probably will stress that it is against friends and families that may mess with your phone. I would skip the overly complicated technical explanation and the jargon and just say that it needs the other phone to play the video, so you don't have to worry about your SO cheeky friends. Currently, when an EU citizen enters UK from the Heathrow Airport we can just scan our passports on the machine and get through. Usually there would be a nice lady to assist you if you are having trouble with the scanning. Usually there isn't even other personnel around. I never encountered any checks or questioning. But then again, the British tend to be very civil and I can't imagine getting a treatment similar to those we keep hearing about US borders. I hope Brexit doesn't change this too much. UK is different from the rest of the EU, where is pretty much the same as your example of the US. On the Schengen area there is no border controls as the physical borders don't exist and to travel in EU all you need is your national ID card if you don't want to bother with a passport. I prefer the passport, I think you can't use the ID card on the automated UK border check. Luminati is brilliant and evil idea at the same time, also is one of the reasons why I believe that at some point the voting manipulation will go a bit too far and the norm would become to connect all of the accounts to a single real person because otherwise it would be impossible to collect meaningful data about the user behaviour and the quality will nosedive. If bots become very intelligent and do create quality content, the money would be in manipulating social media not in running a social media service because nobody will be happy showing ads to bots - no matter how insightful comments they post. Reddit/Facebook/Twitter etc. will want their algorithm to cure the content even if the content itself is create by machines. As fraud becomes ubiquitous, the harder the tech giants will fight. What if the popularity based content curation creates problems like mobs, genocide, destruction of democracies, destruction of alliances, destruction of the environment, destruction of institutions? Think of smaller non-digital social groups and how bad a rumour can affect somebodies lives and how helpful is to have somebody respected who can break the positive feedback loop. Pre-digital communities faced similar problems of the digital media and they were able to build mechanisms to cope with these. These companies are trying to implement similar mechanism to break these loops and are going to be effective only if the fact checking organisations do good job. If it works our, we can have the information spread freely but displayed in a context. So If you a fact checking organisation proves to be reliable, users will be able to have more accurate understanding of the reality. If the fact checkers fail, people will just disregard the judgements of these. You can improve that with better ad space placing and styling but seems about right. Also 1000 impressions pay about 1 click. The earnings per click will vary wildly depending on your content "quality"(whatever Google's algorithms decide is quality) and category(content about insurance will probably bring better paying insurance ads and content about 9/11 conspiracies will probably bring less paying ads). AdSense has many problems but it's not a scam. Same. I think people are starting to figure out what it is and that it's not just a toy for geeks. I definitely see it much more on women than men. Asking for mic permission with no apparent reason is scary, many people will not allow it. Also you can easily change it from the settings. Apps on Apple App Store can't stop functioning just because of a permission is not given. If the app can't perform it's function without a specific permission the developer needs to explain it to the users and ask them to go into the settings and lift the ban. So if an app that does not have a really good reason for asking for the mic, the use can just deny that permission and continue using the app. No need for fishing in the sewage until you find the gold among the sh*t and it's my main reason to use IOS over Android(Though I hear its getting better). Probably because your industry is regulated. What exactly Google will win from spending money just as it is spending today to run the services but stop making any financial returns? Why would investors be happy of Google catering to a market that has only expenses but no profit or hope for future profit due to regulatory reasons. I guess EU locals would enjoy the ad-free experience... Sorry you feel that way but I think it is a fascinating example of governments interference in the communication channels. I wrote the political information to give a context. The information is factually correct, it's not my interpretation except defining the message as a propaganda message. There are numerous reports accompanied with video recording as evidence. I'll dismiss your report as it comes from an account created 20min ago and you don't provide any evidence. But I hope that they came to senses and stopped playing the message, at least for the emergency calls. I added many more links to solidify the evidence, including a link from BBC. The age of your account combined with the factually wrong information that you provide indicates that you are spammer at best, govt. propaganda worker at worst. I'm really sorry that the Turkish population is so divided and I am sorry for what Gulenists did to this country, it's just sad. He says: "I would like to congratulate the 15th of of July, the democracy and national unity day. I pray to God for the Martyrs and I wish health and prosperity to our wounded" It may sound benign but the actors and they way the coup attempt happened are disputed and close to half of the population does not subscribe to the official accounts. The main opposition leader claims that the coup attempt happened under supervision of the president himself and was used as a tool to grab total control of the state. Interesting question. Some Turkish operators provide a premium service that lets users play a message or some music to their callers while their phone is ringing. I would guess that the same technology was used. Think of it as if the Queen speech was about the excellent job the British people did on the Brexit referendum, defeating the traitors. Currently, a little bit more of the half of the population supports Erdogan and the other half hates him. Though admittedly the anti-Erdigan half did not support the coup as it is believed to be orchestrated by another islamist, but still... AFAIK the evidence is that well known civilian Gulen affiliates were caught in military bases and armoured vehicles on the coup night but a concrete evidence of Gulen himself giving the orders do not exist. A bit like the story of the Russian military personnel in Ukraine(like everything points to Russia but Kremlin denies any involvement and claims that the caught soldiers were on a vacation in war zone). If you want to read more about the subject, here is a nice write up by pro-Erdogan, liberal, non-islamist(yep, they still exist) Turkish jurnos: https://medium.com/@15thJulyCoup/who-was-behind-the-15th-jul... The biggest private shareholder of the Turk Telekom is the Saudi Arabian Oger Telecom. Maybe they did not play ball because of the Qatar crisis? Yes, so? Do you have a point? My point was that the British public would not be happy if the Queen used her time on TV to push the agenda of the half of the nation - like openly supporting or opposing Brexit using channels that are not available to the opposition. Erdogan came to power thanks to the support of the liberals. He had their support because before Erdogan Turkey wasn't a liberal democracy and Erdogan actually had very progressive agenda compared to the hard core secularist establishment. That's how he had the support of the EU and USA liberals too. Turkey before Erdogan wasn't much different than today but with much less islamic sauce in the politics. Definitely not "Fake News". TRT(Turkish equivalent of BBC) reported that the stunt was organised by the BTK(Information Technologies Committee, govt. body): http://www.trthaber.com/haber/gundem/gsm-operatorlerinin-abo... I don't want to bring the classical Turkish political debates to HN. I will briefly say that Turkey actually had really good progressive years under AKP right until they teamed with the Gulenist and begin arresting people for the Ergenekon&Balyoz. Turkey before Erdogan was also not short of imprisoned journalists and intellectuals, that's why liberals were eager to give Erdogan a chance. If data needs to be processed, an option would be to use MongoDB for collecting the data in bulk and later decide how you need to structure it for your needs. When it comes to "read" the data, you read it only from processed database that can be anything. Since you can do your processing completely independently of your web server, your are not necessarily pushing your computational load from the DB to the web server. You definitely can but MongoDB provides convenience over storing and managing JSON files on you filesystem by your own efforts. replied to the same question here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14805812 Well, that's also an option :) But I believe this is a relatively new option. Personally, I never got into the hype with the NoSQL and for me the only use is as a convenient API for storing JSON files during prototyping so that I can later decide how my data should be structured. Definitely tech debt for the future but fast iterated design that needs the database stuff fixed has more chance for success than the rigid design with the perfect data architecture. Any RDBMS is just a toolset to manage files on some filesystem. If you are dealing with some config files you can spare yourself the trouble and just load them from the filesystem. NoSQL or classic RDBMS, these tools give you ways to manage your data on the filesystem(or in the memory?). You can spend time to write a code that processes files in a folder or you can use the software that does it for you. You can write a code that relates two files in a folder or you can use a software that already can do it and you can just ask that software for the outcome. Well I guess some people wonder why people are using ready software when you can achieve the exact same thing with a text editor and a compiler. You are underestimating the complexities of file management Don't they count minorities as Americans or do the minorities in the USA don't speak their native language or aren't there minorities? How is it possible to say that it is rare in the USA to be bilingual? At least in Europe and the Middle East, most countries have large minorities that speak the local and native language since early age and learn English on top of it. So trilingual or even more languages is pretty common thing. UK is a high-income country so these things listed as lavish can be done on bus driver level of income. 1950gbp for 7 people is like 280gbp per night, which is less than any luxurious accommodation in London. An employed UK citizen doesn't have to rob a bank to stay in Las Vegas for few days and rent an exotic car. Oh and I would not take a Daily Mail article as a facts source. What it could have actually happened is that he created a proof of concept code that can do these things, not actually creating a malware to steal bank details. So before transportation there were no roads, then Humans begun using animals and the roads were formed to accommodate animal based transport. Then Animal powered mechanical transport(carriages) was invented and people made roads to accommodate the new means of transport. Then the fully mechanical transport came and we just made roads for these machines. For some reason, this time Humans are trying to keep the roads the same. Well, actually not, there are project to create roads designed for self driving vehicles. I think those in the software industry have a hammer and now see everything as a nail. What a successful AI transportation system would be? Probably based on specifically designed infrastructure that is using the AI tech that never worked for the old school roads. At the point when the AI operated cars can handle all kind of situations better than humans, they will be intelligent enough to be classified as human beings. Sometimes I wonder, how it is to be an engineer working for a crazy dictator. I would guess you get some special privileges, you are not tied to any regulations but your constrains are budget and supply chain efficiency. The dictator does not need to explain things to the public, does not need to obey the law so you can have a crazy idea about that machine you want to build and if you can convince one guy, you have it all. No, you didn't have Face ID on your 950, you had whatever you had. It's Apple's speciality to take good ideas that were never implemented properly and do it properly. On my previous job I sat right next to VP of product but she would often use the office of the SVP who is not around most of the time. Open space office with more than 50 people on each floor, it was very interesting for a while(as you can see how $2B business is run in one picture) but it was one of the primary reasons I quit. Beyond the ongoing noice and distractions, it doesn't allow you to have cycles of work and thought. Well, I actually would have them but it feels weird to be the guy who stares at random things and people for prolonged time :) This is probably the main reasoning behind the "crazy" valuation of some companies that have seemingly simple business model of selling ad views. People who talk about some kind of tech bubble often dismiss the indirect value, the value beyond the basic economics of their business models. If a company is not making money but there are lots of people trying to keep it around it probably means that the company is making money for these people but it's not reflected to the books directly or the payment is due for later time. It's bit of like building roads that on the books may look like unprofitable venture but the utility they provide makes possible for other businesses to flourish so the roads are kept build and maintained. Do we really want to see Twitter gone? It's service is invaluable but it feels like they should be state-run or non-profit run or run by a company like Apple that makes it's money from directly selling something to it's users. Not only because Twitter fails to directly make money but also because it harness immense power to shape the human population(but they are not as good as Facebook in this). Twitter is the medium about what's happening RIGHT NOW. In before you would open the TV or the radio to get information about what's happening right now but these days many people would look at Titter to get information about "RIGHT NOW". It could be mundane things about the lives of other people or it could be an event that's affecting large number of people. If something is happening, there would be reports of observations and there would be statements from people in position of making statements. I don't really think that a state should run a service about what's happening right now but I think that Twitter is invaluable service to the public that needs to be dealt with carefully. Twitter's power is well beyond the power of displaying ads to users and the only failing thing is the business of displaying ads to users in exchange for money. Twitter's core function is strong, it's not a failing product. The TV is also criticised for low quality content but still it is a fundamental medium and the way it is managed is regarded as a basic benchmark for democracies. why? Instant reports of witnesses about ongoing events and instant statements from those who are supposed to be in control of the ongoing events. It's invaluable. Why do you blame Twitter for the low quality articles that are about Twitter? Maybe you should direct your anger to those who write the news, not Twitter itself. The US political alt-right narrative doesn't translate well to the UK, there were many news stories about the acid attacks and the TL:DR; was that these attacks used to be directed towards women in conservative muslim immigrant communities but these days it's just a convenient weapon for gang activities and jealous or vindictive lovers - immigrant or not. Why it is a convenient weapon? Cheap to buy and readily available, easy to carry around in a bottle and completely legal(I think that part is changing). Some Immigrant neighbourhoods being poor is nothing new, and poor neighbourhoods suffering from criminal activities is again nothing original. Again, these neighbourhoods are not new and the immigrants hadn't moved there recently. So it doesn't look like some kind of immigrant critical mass was reached and they start throwing acid. So no, you hadn't uncover a mystery or spoken the words that nobody dares to. My guess would be that someone used acid for their criminal activities and had positive(from offender POV) results and it spread out as MOW. Outstanding. It seems like they attacked an identified problem with an engineered solutions instead of political one. Shame that it never had the chance to be. A clickable link to my questionnaire: https://recrt.typeform.com/to/abCuHB Well, I put my number on my CV then uploaded that CV to CV-Library. Later I removed my number but I think my profile is being shared and I still get few calls a day. When a recruiter calls, I tell them to send me an e-mail instead but they are almost never happy with this and they try to make me talk right now. Very pushy behaviour in general. We all love Google's products but your comment is needlessly emotional. Google is not charity, it's always good to remember that. Google is not giving away the source code of Android for philanthropic reasons, it's just part of the business model, i.e. the process of money making to pay the employees and the shareholders. Oh and Apple is definitely not putting arbitrary restrictions to anything, all the restrictions have a reason - that you might or might not agree to but definitely not random. In case you want to bypass Apple and run a code on your iPhone, you can do it by compiling it and installing it personally. I think EU will investigate the companies that have large enough marketshare that they can abuse their position. I don't know about that, microphones and cameras are universally available but it doesn't look like the hotspots of the creative industry changing that much - despite local successes like Bollywood or the Turkish TV series. I think the troubles caused by the decline of the old industries are largely due to the culture of investing your life in a company and only getting a salary out of it. The software industry is closer to the creative industry where you try to extract as much as value possible and move on. Blockbusters and failures, agism, giants becoming outdated and loosing value like ageing milk and more culturally appropriate ones taking the scenes is not something that you can outsource. Some animations are even outsourced to North Korea. My argument isn't that jobs won't be outsourced but that the impact is different. The idea is that the industry will stay where the innovation happens and for innovation to happen well understood part of the work will be outsourced to a place that is willing to do the hard work for cheaper. I think it's called optimisation. Ad sponsored content is optimised to lock in the user and take him/her to the extremes. You forget the part where the aggregated content is displayed in a different context than the one it is created for. It's perceived as an factual answer to a question because it shows up when googled with keywords other than "Popular on Twitter" : https://twitter.com/justinhendrix/status/927335154707828736/... When you see these tweets on Twitter, you'll quickly identify them as fake due to the context. On Google on the other hand you will see the false statements but these false statements would not be corrected if these tweets were not the exact content you're looking for and you just consumed them and moved on to the content you were searching. Actually, some of the biggest companies ever are known for their top notch customer service: Apple and Amazon. Is it an absolute must to go to work everyday if you are formally employed? Isn't it possible have the same flexibility if you put it on your employment contract? What about 0 hour contracts? What about literally writing down the flexibility you want in the contract? If you think about it, it's kind of ridiculous to pretend that drivers are running businesses and employing themselves while all they do is ride a car just like an employee. If there's a reason for employees to have certain right, the same reasons should apply to the Uber drivers, therefore they should receive the same benefits. Well, there could be other cases where a business may have disproportional power and use it to exploit the elements of the society. That's when the regulations kick in and in this case this is the way the British prefers their society be regulated and protected. Also, there being many people is not an argument, there are many people doing all kind of things and they stop when measures are taken. Can I see the source of the "99% of a group does not want measures" argument? Anyway, even if that was the case(source please) you can't go against the law. If you ask heroine addicts they would probably want more heroine but if the society decides that it's not O.K. to use heroine, you shouldn't expect your drug business to operate just because the heroine users are happy with it. If you have a problem with the society's choice you can follow the regular democratic routes. how do you know that other drivers are against? why do you think that the court’s decision was not based on the rule of the law? You are making too many assumptions. Your motivation looks ideological, apparently the british society choose not to go full libertarian. what's wrong with the current android app? So you think that it was equally possible that they could have been classified as au pairs? These things have a legal framework. And the low number could have easily be do to the disproportionate power of the company over the drivers. You can't claim that if 68 people are taking action those who don't take action are against those 68. And "Libertarian" has to do with the way the relationship between the businesses, the workers and the clients is regulated. Your argument about demand and supply is invalid because UK doesn't function purely on libertarian principles so the state has the right to say if these people are contractors or employees. I think the goal is to be able to sell engineers on Amazon. To do this, a spec sheet of each engineer is needed and all these tests are attempt to create a standardised way of generating spec sheets. I don't know, I kind of think that the best ever is Macbook Air 2015. I would also argue that Macbook Air was the first laptop ever since it was the first truly portable - not just transportable personal computer ever. For the first time a notebook was light, performant and run long enough on battery to be actually usable out of your office or home. Yep, the screen is not retina but it's also significantly lighter, thinner and has longer battery life. The design, so perfect that hasn't changed since 2010. Maybe, but it also looks more humble the way it is. Less serious, let's say. It's shape also allows more casual usage, there's something magical about being able to pick a laptop with one hand and swing it. These days, everything is about JavaScript as lot's of exciting stuff keep happening in the area. What's the latest exciting thing that happened with RoR? I'm not saying that it's bad, the thing is that you don't talk too much about a mature tech with established ways of doing things. I wonder what would be the impact these artificially determined salaries. I would have loved to see some de-regulation in the employment effectively removing the reasons of foreign talent being lock in to a company, thus not having a negotiation power which results in lower salaries. In my opinion nationality based employment opportunity differences are no different to race or gender based ones. Don't get me wrong, I actually don't advocate global free movement of labour, I just highly dislike artificial ways like salary caps or employer lock ins to manage it. I'm grateful for Google's work on Android but iOS or any closed source code being black box is ridiculous. Reverse engineering and analysis techniques gives us enough ways to look into that so called "black box" and see what's going on. So if Apple one day ships iOS with privacy intrusion built in, they will be caught. I prefer to trust the motives, i.e. Apple doing reasonable things and staying away from funny business because they want to sell me iPhones. On the other hand when a doctor has a degree, chances he/she is very competent. On the software side of things, everyone claims to be the best and disasters happen every day. If there was an "AMA for software developers" Equifax probably wouldn't have happened. Hiring software people is very hard, recruitment business around hiring software developers is booming. I'm building Cruitie: https://cruitie.com I think Cruitie would be irrelevant for doctors, the software world is wild. It's not just a console, it also has a web based interface: http://docs.mitmproxy.org/en/stable/mitmweb.html Is search still a thing? I mean, these days content is curated socially or algorithmically and thrown onto your face. I only google errors these days and if I'm looking for a product I would search the specific sites that I shop at. Google will show me the sites I visit anyway, but with less nicer presentation. It's probably just an algorithm misfiring. I don't like the censorship approach to combat miss information, I think the problem is digitising social interactions without including the social safeguard dynamics. What I mean is, the problem is not the malicious information but the lack of accountability for those who introduce the fake information. In a real life, if someone starts a false rumour, although the virility can still happen, when the rumour gets debunked it usually brings punishment to the person who started it. On the social media, there's no accountability as creating an account and run it programatically is much easier than growing an adult and interact with it in multiple social circles. Really what? I understand that, what it has to do with my comment though? I think ankhkare disagrees with me on a fundamental level and I'm curious about it. Oh, Ok. that makes sense. Thanks for pointing out. edit: On the other hand, he just commented and apparently that wasn't the case :) Why? False positives happen all the time. Youtube is de-monetizing perfectly legit videos for example. Last year I bought an SD Card that turned out to be fake. There wasn't a straightforward return option for this item so I sent them an e-mail with a title "I this eBay? Because you go to eBay to buy fake SD Cards". Got a refund but I'm not going to buy anything from Amazon that is known to have this problem. I just checked the item, still sold with solid 4.5 stars and occasional 1star reviews with pictures documenting that they also got a fake one. I'm not sure about this argument. You can also make a perfect copy of Facebook and you wont have a facebook. The brand is what makes Bitcoin, just like most of the companies that have perfectly good competitors with the same or better product utility but nowhere the market or profits. For Bitcoin to die out, every single person needs to decide that doesn't want it. Definitely, it's just that moving away from Bitcoin is not much more easier than moving away from Facebook. I agree that it can happen, like the exodus from Digg to reddit, but the brand is strong and it will have serious financial implications making it significantly harder than creating an account on the competitors product and continue as is. How do you type the pin? Just say it? What if there are people in the room? Tell them to get out? It can work surprisingly well, I made a "dish" with an aluminum foil that was able to connect to a Romanian Wi-Fi hotspot from Bulgaria, according to Google Maps it should be something like 20KM distance. I should note that I had direct view of the town as I had significantly higher altitude. The hotspot was some kind of public service provided by the Romanian town as it's name suggested. The ip WhoIs also confirmed that it was a Romanian one. Every now and then the connection would have had slowed down and I would do some "Voodoo magic" on the aluminum foil to fix it(Not sure if it was me though, it seemed like if I move the dish slightly or fix a bump in the foil the connection would improve). This was probably like 7-8 years ago and I was able to get something close to 6-7Mbps as far as I remember. So we are back to the IE6 days, I am supposed to open specific pages on specific browsers. 2017 is so retro, I wonder if I will be able not to use Chrome in 2018. I was a bit curious about the background of the person in the article so i did some Googling and it looks like he studied game development at South Essex College. I find this interesting, is game development less paid or hard to get employed kind if a career? This Amazon job must be a gig to finance him his actual career ambitions I would guess. It's fairly common for people to work at low quality jobs that have flexibility to finance their projects or education. That's misrepresentation of the situation, the crime is not installing an app(nobody is sentenced for the crime of using an app) but being a member of an organisation that is deemed illegal and the app is considered evidence for membership as it was members exclusive app. Think of it as if being an Uber driver was illegal, then having the drivers app can constitute as a good reason for suspicion of you being Uber driver and you might be held until you receive a sentence or cleared from wrongdoing. The problem here was that the Turkish authorities were "a bit too liberal" on what constitute of using the App in question, that is, they mistakenly assumed that making HTTP request to the App's server is a good indicator of being a user. Unfortunately this is the way that the Turkish government operates since many years, they first lock you in and you fight back for years until you prove your innocence. What's even worse is that you can't really get good compensation for it, you just suck it up and move on. Turkey did that. The results so far are not promising as apparently more energy is used and people are complaining that they don't see the daylight in the winter as it's dark outside both when leaving home for work and coming back. Will switch back to daylight saving as nobody is happy(Maybe except for the Energy minister who is the son in law of Erdogan and also runs energy companies). edit: here is a source, it's form a Turkish factchecking website: http://www.dogrulukpayi.com/bulten/kalici-yaz-saati-uygulama... according to the reports, the effect on increase in consumption is inconclusive(there's an increase but not necessarily due to this) but public opinion polls shows that people want to go back to the daylight saving schedule with %66 majority and only %22 of the people like the permanent summer time. here is a news article reporting that Turkey is ending the permanent summer time and going back to the daylight saving time at the end of the 2018: http://www.milliyet.com.tr/surekli-yaz-saati-uygulamasi-2018... I guess you can use Google Translate to verify. The factchecking website also links to the actual reports. BTW, to all DST Haters, check http://momentjs.com and calm down. DST is your friend, let the computers do the bookkeeping and enjoy the sunlight. Added some. I wish I could have down voted you because your objection doesn't make any sense to me. I lived and worked in few countries and non of them worked by the sunlight but by the clock. Is there a country where people go to work when the sun rises and come back home just before it gets dark? Which one is easier? To arrange all businesses and public institutions to change working times so they can continue do business for the first and last hour or have a central authority that does it for you? What if one school pick one time, a bank another and a business another? What if they do it at different dates? You used to take your kid to school at 9 but now for two weeks you have to go to work late because the school changed the working hours 2 weeks earlier than your workplace. Oh also the bank now closes earlier, good luck with that too. It's much easier if the clock changes overnight. You usually have few people who oversleep or come to the office too early and you have a laugh but that's it. These days all the clocks are computers and they just take care of the change and you don't even notice it. Even though Turkey is approaching a dictatorship, I don't think that Erdogan will be able to micromanage businesses. What do you do to those who don't? Jail time? It's super easy with the clock, the TV says that now it's 7:45 instead of 6:45 and it is 6:45. You look at your iPhone, the iPhone agrees. No police involved. >That's actually a pretty strong compliment. One could reverse it and ask, why in America and Europe people are easy swayed by lies in "a catchy headline or a pretty image", instead of demanding actual information about the product? Maybe because the information is useless when it's too complicated or out of context? For example, if you look at the spec sheet of an iPhone you might think that it's less capable than a cheap Android phone unless you have very deep understanding of the technology. In west, companies try to communicate the utility or the feeling that this product will give you and most of the technical information is seen as distraction and only the cheapest, lowest quality companies will bombard the users with that information in a bid to convince you that they offer the same thing for cheaper. Apple famously doesn't advertise RAM or processor clock speed on iPhones. What does under-specced even mean? How do you provide better experience by "under-spec" a product? I didn't knew that Apple is doing it. iPhones are used for very long time, holding 2nd hand value the most of any other smartphone. The same goes for Macs, people tend to use these things for many years. In fact, Apple is still selling Macbook Airs like hot cakes despite the device not being significantly updated for almost a half decade now and people are happy with that product. The claim sounds like induced anxiety of a user who just couldn't swallow the premium paid over the same Ghz laptop or same Megapixel smartphone :) I also have an 2015 Air, it performs as advertised. I can't say that the performance degraded over time, contrary to the claim. I'm curious, how do you know that you need 1) 3500mah battery or 2) 2.1Ghz processor or 3) 4GB Ram on a smartphone? These things are meaningless without 1) detailed energy consumption analysis. 2) SoC Architecture details 3) OS Architecture details Even if you are knowledgeable enough to understand all these, that information is useful only if you are going to do something different than the original design purpose. If you are going to use the product for the purpose that it's designed for, all you need is the average use time between charging. Maybe you are an expert in the area but what about washing machines or tables? How likely is that the engineering specs of these products will also be in your domain? How battery mAh is any better than Talk time, browsing time and video watch time that Apple provides? After all, all you'll do is to try to guess these things from the battery capacity but despite what you believe battery capacity and use time are not always correlated linearly as the radio, SoC efficiency and OS optimisations etc. will have dramatic effect. Giving engineering specs for consumer products is often very easy way to con to the consumer. All these knock off cheap devices have amazing specs that are advertised very loudly. An interesting observation is that you actually don't want engineering specs about washing machines or tables :) That's probably because you are not very knowledgable about these things so you seek information that will affect you as a user. You are interested if you can fit the table and how much it will cost you to operate the washing machine, which are not exactly technical specs of the product but impact on the user. If you step out of your techie shoes and step in the shoes of a washing machine nerd or a carpenter shoes you will find out that all you want to know bout a smartphone is how long the battery lasts and does it work nicely. Now, you probably want to know the type of the electric motor of the washing machine, it's power circuit and the material of and type of the pipes. As a carpenter you probably want to know what kind of process was applied to the wood and what's the brand of the glue used. But why? What benefit this brings to the user? Practice their pre-school math? Why just don't write random numbers on the box so the users can compare these? Write, for example, 400 capacitors and let users compare the number of capacitors on the circuit board. Let them brag that their phone have more capacitors. Maybe write the number of diodes, so Huwei Hr67 users can enjoy the wonders of diode dominance over Mi 8jj that has 20 diodes less. ...or maybe you forgot the /s :) I really want to down vote you. You claim that you can accurately estimate usage time from battery capacity in mAh, performance from Ghz number but you are concerned by the type of the app that plays the video on manufacturers estimates? What if Apple/Samsung employs you and you look at the battery capacity and inform the rest of the world about usage time? Such a talent should not be wasted. You might be close to disrupt the battery industry or win the "I got a talent" TV show. If all fails, start selling "Geekbench hates this guy" video series and teach the world to accurately estimating gadget performance and battery time from spec sheets. You can also bring down Youtube to it's knees as all these test and review videos will become worthless overnight. I have an app idea for you: The fastest benchmark software on the planet, instead of running intensive tasks just write a code that compares numbers of Ghz, Ram etch. Whichever is bigger that device is faster, obviously. Gone are the days of 12H battery tests, just calculate it from the battery mAh. because he doesn’t make sense to me, i don’t know how to respond. battery use time is a function of capacity and consumption. battery use time provided by the manufacturer is a better measure as it includes both variables of the function and not just the capacity. he can’t estimate use time of another device from the battery capacity as he is missing the consumption variable unless it’s the exact same device. He will have better shot if compares his actual use time to the advertised time and apply the difference to the device that he wants to predict. The thing is that battery time is a function of capacity AND consumption. I don’t think that you can use average consumption since even software update can make or break your use time as it can drastically alter the behavior of the device. Oh and it’s still the marketing department that choose to communicate these numbers to you, not engineers. If the battery doesn’t last they will choose to slap the mAh of the battery instead of the estimates. but maybe i’m wrong, maybe these days the phones use about the same energy and battery capacity is a useful measure If I remember correctly, Europe relies on US to spy on it's people so technically they are not spying on their own people. Personally, I find it unrealistic to expect that such huge opportunity(almost by the second log of citizens activities and opinions as well as precise control of who sees and hears what) will arise and the people in power will not exploit it. China is taking a more direct route but in general it looks like the political elite's dreams are about to come true on global scale. edit: HN really hated that idea :) I could not find the source of the claim but it makes sense to me. I'm not suggesting that. The idea is that if a country can't do mass surveillance on it's own people due to political reasons, still can just let an ally do it and get that information from that ally as a part of information sharing agreement. It doesn't have to be binary. Sure they wouldn't want to let USA complete access, so they can spend their time keeping the US espionage on the desired domain and everyone happy and politicians elected. I think that one is a different arrangement I don't remember where exactly I read about this, but I recall that it was an opinion peace based on the NSA leaks. Anyway, there's the Five Eyes alliance that does it, why wouldn't there be an arrangement between EU and USA? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Five_Eyes >"Documents leaked by Snowden in 2013 revealed that the FVEY have been spying on one another's citizens and sharing the collected information with each other in order to circumvent restrictive domestic regulations on surveillance of citizens." I wouldn't call spreading misinformation because that was the official statement. It just turned out that the official statement was incorrect. Besides, memes were brilliant :) I recall few occasions, here is one: https://youtu.be/snJDQrvy6Ao?t=44s The statement is that an employee clicks the wrong button and the tech community decides that it's bad UI design. Why all that negativity? CSS frameworks are mostly about good defaults(initial decisions) that you can build on and I really like the defaults of Bulma. A CSS framework doesn't need to do something unseen before to be good, It's not competition. UI Frameworks that try to be something more use JS and this breaks some frameworks, especially frameworks with virtual DOM like React or Vue. I like Bulma, the only thing is that the community is still small, so you can't browse through endless button or dropdown alternatives. Wow Tachyons looks really nice, I like the colours a lot. Internet is turning into giant algorithmic propaganda and dopamine dripping machine. Small online communities are thriving in quality but all the business models are gearing on communities becoming huge and exploitable with a content for the average. I.e small communities on reddit have high quality content when they are small and they start looking all the same as they grow, attracting trolls, propaganda and disguised advertising by power users. -so we have content quality issues due to misalignment of incentives of consumers, creators and gatekeepers. Here is the thing: Other countries will follow China's model and the current internet giants like Facebook and Google will lose their status of global giants. Even USA has strong anti-globalist movement and a president who is preaching it. -so we have political landslide towards geographic compartmentalisation. Bitcoin and other blockchain projects are reaction to the current direction of the internet. Transfer of value, distribution of value and guaranteeing identity are the pillars of the movement. In my opinion, investing in bitcoin or altcoins with reasonable projects is a better long-term investment than investing in Facebook or Google. That depends on the asset. I can argue that Facebook's incentive to help politicians manipulate my community has far greater impact on me. Thanks to Facebook and Twitter enabling algorithmic propaganda, I will lose my right to live and work in the UK. I wonder how organic were all these uprisings that were organised on Facebook and Twitter. These things changed the middle east and Europe. Check out Zeynep Tufekci, a scholar doing wonderful job in researching these issues. Recent article of hers: https://www.wired.com/story/free-speech-issue-tech-turmoil-n... In my opinion, Facebook and Twitter will be harnessed by local governments to control the conversation OR countries will replace them with local alternatives like in China, effectively ending the democratic processes. Decentralised networks with incentives of profiting directly from the users by providing services directly to the users have great potential to become the thing that internet was promised to be. It's an opinion piece by someone who is "Research Executive at Get Britain Out". So, propaganda. That's fine, I also clicked the link to see how EU keeps poor countries poor, expecting a research findings, some charts and numbers but it turned out to be pure opinion piece by an advocate of that opinion. IS everything alright with the brexit process? Why people keep pushing the propaganda of "evils of EU and wonders of Brexit"? Actually, it depends how much you want to talk to your device. If you really want this to work, we can install infrastructure at public places that can cooperate with your personal devices to improve your experience dramatically. Think directional microphones and user tracking cameras that listens to you and watch your surroundings for you. That way, you can have actual assistant as the infrastructure can be very knowledgable about the environment that's installed. For example, it can know how full the trains in the tube are and direct you to the optimal door, it an know the exact exit, it can know the wending machine and what it offers. Suddenly, you will have voice UI to an intelligent assistant. Probably will feel as if it is a general purpose AI since it will be specialised for every location and occasion. Maybe it can works as a subscription service where you gain advantage in crowded places against those who don't have a subscription or maybe it can be a public service and optimize the crowds movements and actions to improve productivity. Either model sounds dystopian but I would argue this is the direction we are headed to. I really dislike labeling repairability as user-friendliness. I never ever bought a device with intentions of repairing it, I always hope that I will never have to repair it and just use it. Yes, it is nice to be able to repair it but if it fails, next time I'm buying a laptop I will avoid it and stick with the brand that did not fail and sits in my drawer because it's too slow by modern standards. Repairability is probably useful for enterprises but enterprises are not users despite that sometimes they can be described as such(they are customers). Upgradeability, in most cases, is just a cost-saving feature. In some industrial settings, upgradability can be crucial indeed. For example, where cutting-edge performance is needed you might want to be able to upgrade the CPU of your workstation when a new version is released but this is hardly the case for Laptops except for some extreme cases like laptops used at the ISS. Tinkering with laptops is fun until you have better things to thinker with if that laptop was working in first place. iPhone batteries are easy to replace by a shop or by the user. iFixit(the article source) sells batteries and screwdrivers to do it. Your claim doesn’t seem to have grounds. Batteries are deplating resources and I agree that they should be replaceable. The thing is, it should be design priority as many techies would root for. Apple’s approach is perfectly fine in that regard as batteries are replaceable but you need tools. Well, Apple just recently slowed down the phones with poor battery conditions. As for the easiness of battery replacement, you can check out iFixit as they literally rate devices on that metric. Here is the rating for the iPhone 6s: https://www.ifixit.com/Device/iPhone_6s As for the uninformed public, that’s not really a future of the iPhone :) The public is misinformed about many things. For example, up until now, you were among those people. I didn’t mean to be rude, i just think that you’re not well informed about the repairability of the iPhones. Oh and you’re the one who needs to prove your claim. We can’t assume that claims on the internet are true until proven otherwise. I provided the links to inform you about the repair options and the difficulty of those. Why do I keep seeing this everywhere on the internet? There's no technical reason not to mine bitcoin on CPU. That doesn't mean that CPU can't mine bitcoins. Are we mining Bitcoins here? Is there a way to keep my.name@gmail.com but moving to another provider? I'm quite a bit uneasy with Google lately but it's not feasible for me to move to another e-mail provider because my user account on many other websites is tied to my Gmail account and not all websites support e-mail changing. At this point, I would argue that Gmail reached a public infrastructure status and it's not acceptable of Google to take actions without public consent. It is perfectly acceptable if Google decides to charge for de services as it will happen with any public infrastructure that has running costs but it's not acceptable for Google to force people into situations or engineer their behavior just because provides the service free of charge. For example, in my country, the electricity is generated by private for-profit corporations. However it would not be acceptable if these corporations start changing the voltage of the frequency of the electricity and force people to use devices designed specifically for that electricity network. I don't remember Google forcing me into using Gmail but I also don't remember anyone forcing Google to provide an e-mail service. They did a great job, it revolutionized e-mail but they did it to compete with Microsoft and Yahoo, thus for profit(back in the day everyone was using Hotmail or Yahoo). That is not entirely true though, is it? The forwarded e-mails won't become non-Gmail over time and I will still be dependant on Google to forward the e-mails to me. I like Gmail a lot, my problem is with the lock-in due to the domain. I don't really want to move to some other service - what I want is the assurance that Google is not going to do something funny with my account or service and unfortunately if they do I will have no recourse. When I got my Gmail account in 2004 Google was this amazing website that will give away free services and their motto was "Don't Be Evil", at least that was my impression. I still like most of their services, just don't like the "free" deals anymore. I think at some point I will give Fastmail a try, thanks :) > The EU commission just took it all for themselves I've seen the EU in a club in Brussels blowing all the money that they took from Google and the British couple on booze and women. Joking aside, I'm fascinated by the narrative by HN user on the EU. What's the reasonable definition of operating in the EU? So, for instance, you can pretend that you're not operating in France if your website is in English and you only accept payments in USD? I would argue that this is a bad definition because what you described is just operating in a jurisdiction but without localization. I prefer the definition where you're making money(directly or indirectly) by providing services in a jurisdiction. An example would be collecting French users data and then selling it to ad agencies(or being acquired by Google?). In some places, people often walk on the road and it's expected that the drivers will just drive next to them. If self-driving cars are to use the current infrastructure and drive as a regular car on regular roads then better be able to handle this. The pattern is to handle form fields locally in the browser as part of the application state. Basically, the value of the input is tied to a "state engine" that acts as a single source of truth and when the user types in the input you'll update the state so that the rest of the application can know what's going on in the form without accessing the DOM. The state engine is a fancy word for a variable that has a special setter function so that the changes can be reflected globally. Unfortunately, that’s very inconvenient with React because you’ll have to start thinking about dom elements lifecycle separately of the react app lifecycle. I think it's very important to address the reason why AMP is possible in the first place: Websites are so extremely slow these days. From users perspective, when I see the lightning icon on my search results I feel happy because it means that the page will show me it's contents as soon as I click it. It means that the website is not going to show me white page for 15 seconds then start jumping around, changing shape and position for another 30 seconds until everything is downloaded. I hear all the ethical/economical/strategic concerns but the tech community resembles the taxi industry a bit, that is, claiming that a tech that improves users experience significantly is bad for the user and must be stopped politically instead of addressing the UX issue that allows this tech to exist in first place. What people do when a website that goes popular on HN or Reddit is too slow or can't respond at all? Someone on the comments links to Google Cache and more often than not this js-less basic HTML snapshot is good enough. AMP is just a way to do this properly and automatically. The Webdev community chooses to ignore the speed of the content delivery and Google seized the opportunity. What can a modern webpage do for the user that 2008 webpage can't? For most of the web, the answer is nothing, all the improvements are about better tooling for the management(measure and monetize) of the webpage. How this solves anything for the user? The better way is to provide the tech(AMP) so that content that is good for the user can be delivered properly instead of not delivered due to performance. Remember, it's about providing a good experience to the users, it's not about choosing the losers and winners in the industry. The taxi companies are making the same mistake against Uber, they assume that the users are an exploitable resource and want a solution that distributes this resource more "fairly to the businesses". From Uber's perspective, the users are the clientele and the resources are the cars and the drivers. The web tech community is acting like the taxi drivers, angry that their user resource is being taken away. That's a hypothesis that assumes that the major websites will get motivated until the users get frustrated by the low quality of search results. With AMP it's cheap and quick to implement, how long will it take for the websites to re-implement their codebase and all the tooling to match the performance criteria? Anyway, you're missing the point that I'm trying to make here: It's about the user's experience, it's not about the user's distribution to businesses. It's not your god given right to have users and make money. Properly means properly for the user, that is, without the aesthetically breaking the page or losing content(as it happens with google cache sometimes). Nobody cares about the business that runs the website, businesses don't have god given rights to get users and make money. If some other business serves the users better(i.e. Google with AMP) they can get all the users. Who felt sorry for MySpace when getting killed by Facebook or who advocated the right of having users for Digg when everyone moved to Reddit? Another thing is being a monopoly and exploiting that position, which is always a concern with giants like Google but at this moment with AMP doesn't seem to be the case. >What? What? Why do you think that web businesses are complaining about AMP but not the users? I'm yet to see a user that's not happy with AMP. The web community acts as if the users are a commodity like oil and Google just made a change in its flow and now begging Google to make it flow like before to accommodate their business setup and promising that from now on they will be nicer to the commodity and store it in golden barrels. I just don't buy it. How this changes the fact that nobody cares? Uber is probably also a threat to the public(apparently the people who run Uber are not very nice, remember all the scandals?) but people are so fed up with the taxi industry that they welcoming Uber to "slaughter" their local cabbies. It's just business and that's why we don't live in a libertarian world and we have government bodies that regulate businesses. I don't see your argument for not being happy with AMP as a user, so I can't tell. Your dislike is political. You dislike AMP the same way a Vegan doesn't like kebab, the problem is not that the kebab isn't delicious but that animals are harmed in making it. As for your ad revenue argument, not all the benefit from users is the direct ad revenue. it invalidates your opinion but you’re free to hold the opinion that it doesn’t Good point, i’m also not THAT cynical but I don’t think that the web developers community as general has any integrity that resembles let’s say the medical community. Maybe the developers themselves are more idealistic but the web based businesses themselves more often than not are quite exploitative towards the users and that’s we have this sorry state of the web in general. What I mean is that it's not a valid opinion from UX perspective, it's idealistic but the acute problem is purely technical. Therefore your opinion is not users opinion but an opinion of a person who wants to shape the society in a certain way. There's no notification unless you visit Facebook.com, that I no longer do regularly. Good for you but I don't open the app too, I wouldn't know what Facebooks does with the app but I guess Mark Zuckerberg enjoys The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. So, are you happier? The short version of the story is that grid electricity in Europe is produced by rotating the turbines 50 times a second and that's where the 50Hz AC electricity comes from. Apparently to match the demand at given instance electricity plants rotate their turbines a bit faster or a bit slower instead of switching a complete plant on and off[edit: this is not exactly right, see the reply below], which results in slight deviations from the 50Hz standard but it is fine as long as it stays between the limits. At the end of the day, as the demand increases and decreases, the average frequency would be 50Hz and engineers took advantage of that fact to create clocks that may not be accurate to the second but accurate on average. How do they do that? They count the change in the electricity and assume that 50 changes are exactly 1 second. Unfortunately, due to political issues in the Balkans, the grid was undersupplied or oversupplied for a prolonged period and this created a deviation from the average of 50Hz and the clocks that depend on this average to be 50Hz also lost accuracy that currently amounts to 6 minutes. Thanks for the correction, as more you read the more interesting it gets. It's not about volume or anything like that, the problem is that Facebook is a digital simulation of the social networks with all the stimulants being multiplied and all the safeguards dumbed down. On a real-life social network, there are safeguards that prevent blatant lies and angry-mob-like behavior to be contained. In real life, you have only one persona and when you misbehave you're risking exclusion and loneliness but on Facebook, that's not the case, a person with an agenda can do very bad things without the consequences. Another case in a real-life social network it would be very hard for a state to shape society, on Facebook that's almost the business model and it's done on scale. I'm' personally quite pessimistic about the long-term feature of these social network giants because I believe that their modus operandi will eventually create enough trouble that every country will follow the Chinese route of control. Actually, the place to find like-minded sociopaths is probably Reddit. The place to explore the boundaries of sociopathy is probably 4chan(which is something that I respect to some degree). Facebook is more about shaping non-sociopathic people using corporate tools and money. What Cambridge Analytica did with Facebook is outstanding, they successfully managed to change Europe and America forever. Sociopaths gathering on Reddit or 4chan are benign compared to the corporate influence of Facebook. The potential destruction of businesses(like UK's financial sector), the lives and careers of expats, the fate of dictators(the Arab spring) and democracies(USA, France) were all determined by the power of giant social media corporations. The harm of occasional mobs on Reddit or 4Chan doesn't extend beyond few individuals. Don't you think that it can be a breach in the same sense of a breach by phishing? After all, both of the cases are about people giving their "secrets" for one reason but the info being used for something else. I mean, in the case of traditional phishing the user is tricked to provide the password by impersonating a banking site, getting their funds stolen and in the case in question, the users are tricked to provide personal information by being promised some kind of personality analysis but their data is used for political propaganda that they didn't asked for resulting in life-changing consequences du to politics. >This all seems overly selective - it's ok for some people to profile but not for others What's the issue here? Selective information distribution is rooted in the society, people are O.K. with some information to be known to some people while kept secret from others due to implication differences. I.E. I'm fine to be profiled for selling me chocolates but I'm not O.K. to be profiled to be manipulated to select public officials or to make my mind about controversial topics like the god, abortions, guns etc. I expect to be exposed in a proper way to these topics, i.e. proper journalism and discussions. Lately, I'm quite disappointed with the tech community's approach to the society. Lot's of people are talking as if human beings are a resource which exploitation should be secured for the businesses and technical curiosities. No, people, humans are what matters and it just happens that there are business opportunities and scientific curiosities. No, it not O.K. to kill few people to speed up the development of self-driving vehicles. No, it is not O.K. to have total surveillance so that we improve AI. According to the statement by FB, they just asked CA politely. It's definately a breach, just not breach into Facebook's technical infrastructure. As I wrote previously, don't you think that it can be a breach in the same sense of a breach by phishing? After all, both of the cases are about people giving their "secrets" for one reason but the info being used for something else. I mean, in the case of traditional phishing the user is tricked to provide the password by impersonating a banking site, getting their funds stolen and in the case in question, the users are tricked to provide personal information by being promised some kind of personality analysis but their data is used for political propaganda that they didn't asked for resulting in life-changing consequences du to politics. Breach doesn't imply a mistake. Anyway, the idea here is that CA breached Facebook users personal data by methods quite similar to phishing and FB look the other way. Not necessarily by design but maybe by a desire to exploit the platform as much as possible so that did not get in the way of people who were doing interesting things. The first sentence from your link: "A data breach is the intentional or unintentional release of secure or private/confidential information to an untrusted environment." Sounds like exactly what happened with CA and FB. People came for friends and fun personality tests, their information got into the hands of a propaganda machine. Definitely a breach. As for the examples, do you want me to edit the Wikipedia article and add the CA/FB incident? Are you sure about that? People were not happy with Wikileaks revelations and Obama was forced to end or strip down some NSA programs. Also, your whole argument says “People are not happy with what’s going on only because they are facing the consequences of it”. Duh? It was never easy to explain why privacy matters, the argument that if you are not doing anything bad then you don’t have anything to hide was good enough for many. Now, things are different. We have demonstrable implications of the privacy violations. I think it’s not a Trump thing, if Hillary was the smarter one to use computational propaganda we would probably still have an expose considering that the population of Democrats and Republicans are roughly the same and all have been done by a state funded British TV anyway. I don’t think that you’re claiming victimhood rightfully. The privacy discussions didn’t start with Trump. >The outleash regarding collecting personal data for election fiddling started with Trump and Brexit Definitely false, Apple even built business model around it and actively promoting it's privacy as a selling point over Android. But surely Trump amplified it because, unlike Obama, he is very divisive. Anyway, if you happen to have a time machine I will happily jump in with you and go back in time and warn against the dangers of data hoarding and privacy violations but I doubt that it will be effective because it's Obama and his campaign wasn't divisive so we will end up with the argument that if you didn't do anything wrong there's nothing to hide. We wouldn't be able to demonstrate that with privacy violations you can divide a continent(Brexit) or make Trump a president. Besides, I'm really not happy to approach the problem from the "What about Obama" angle. Is "what about" even a useful argument? What's to be achieved if you are right that Obama indeed did the exact same thing? Should we just go ahead and fill out the missing information on our Facebook profiles because Obama did it too? Look, using data to target audience is nothing new. That's the promise of... everyone in marketing? Does Nielsen ring any bells? "Obama and Trump both used user data" is equal to "Reddit and Hacker News are the same, both use upvotes". The way that data is used is what all matters. The risk is to hoard and distribute data, the disaster is to use that data to manipulate the population to do something horrible(I'm not necessarily saying that Trump is horrible but there are many people who see it that way). And... >To clarify, the general public outlash started after Trump and Brexit. You'll need to prove that one because we had multiple products and a giant corporation(Apple) targeting privacy cautious audience before all this happened. Okay, isn't this the kind of a situation where the machine was supposed to excel? The dynamic range of the video is very low so it looks like the victim comes out of complete darkness but weren't all these sensors supposed to see the obstacle even in complete darkness? BTW, please consider the low dynamic range of the video when commenting on the human's ability to avoid that accident. After driving in the dark for a while your eyes will adapt and you'll be able to see much more details in the shadows than a regular video camera can record. Completely agree and this is one of my primary reasons to believe that the social media will be regulated globally with each country following some flavour of the China route. At the status quo, any politician is at risk of being killed by an angry mob just like Gaddafi if they fail to outbid their opponents. CA showed us that by profiling users it's possible to skew the perception of the public on issues in dramatic ways that are not necessarily in line with the truth at all. Unlike mass media propaganda, the validity of these messages are not discussed because everyone gets a different message. Even if you try to outbid your opponent, it may not help without reverse engineering their propaganda algorithm. Even if the Arab spring was an organic outcome, there's no reason why you can't achieve the same effect with bots, data and a creative team of copywriters and graphic artist. This is brilliant, can be better than pie charts in some cases. For example, here are Chernoff Faces of some Turkish Universities: https://ibb.co/nFAoC7 The size of the eyes represents the number of projects submitted to TUBITAK(Govt science body that coordinates and provides funding), the size of the nose represents the number of projects that are accepted. The size of the face is the number of professors in the institution and the size of the mouth is the number of publications. So, if you are looking for Turkish Universities that have lot's of accepted projects look for a big nose. Big eyes and small nose will be an indicator for a large number of failed applications and a face that has a huge mouth but small nose and eyes is an indicator for an institution with lot's of publishing going on without seeking funding to projects. Remember Digg? Unlike the companies you listed, FB is user-facing - just like Digg. If users happen to decide that a company is not "cool" anymore or dispase its public figure(Zuckerberg), it may actually go away. Remember IE(stands for Internet Explorer)? Using Firefox and later Chrome became a crusade and the almighty brand of the richest person in the world that holds the monopoly on computers platforms bled to death. I added IE to my example to illustrate that having all the money in the world may not save you when your brand becomes toxic. Some may say that FB users don't care but with IE it also was just geeks and devs, but it turned into a crusade and now everyone "knows" that the first thing you do after you have a fresh PC is to install Chrome. What happens if people start talking about how much they hate Zuckerberg and start looking for alternatives and the cool kids start suggesting each other some other social network that's technically good enough but never took off because didn't benefit from the network effect? Then anything he touches becomes toxic. Zuckerberg isn't even divisive like Trump, he may have issue finding people to rally with him against the deserters. I remember the process, it had nothing to do with the dev support. Actually, it was the other way around - IE had all the dev support and websites broke down on Firefox but people were fanatics. There were extensions that let you render the page in IE if it's not working on Firefox. When the Chrome came along, Firefox already put a dent in IE market share and it already became socially unacceptable for techies to use IE but regular people still used IE so the devs were forced to make sure that everything works perfectly on IE too. For the masses, thanks to the developers, IE displayed the websites just fine up until the bitter end. Friends didn't let friends use IE and it was killed. Maybe it was Google's push for the most part but Firefox made a reputation or being cluttered memory hogg and when Chrome came along it was so fast and fresh. Firefox used to lose it's smoothness when a tab misbehaves and didn't take advantage of the multi-core processors that were getting popular but Chrome was butter smooth even if a website is not responding(due to Flash Player mostly) because everything runs in a separate process and if a website died only that tab died. It was no-brainer to switch to Chrome. Also, Google was this cool company that was giving away revolutionary products. Don't do evil was their motto. On online platforms, It's a stigma to compare current events with things that Nazis did because you'll be ridiculed if you do. According to the Godwin's law, the longer the conversation goes likelier it is that someone will mention Hitler. People know this, so it is very uncool to co-relate current events with Nazi Germany. You'll be called out even if you're talking about literal Nazis doing literal Nazi stuff. Memes are powerful, people don't like to be ridiculed. But it feels like this is wearing out. In Turkey, you can't show concern for privacy without being ridiculed because a very popular comedian made a joke about CIA targeting you personally while you're barbecuing. You'll be slapped with that joke the moment you mention about your personal data being collected. Jokes are powerful. This won't work too because there's a joke about communist taking over the government this winter(It's a similar to the "Year of the Linux Desktop" joke). :) This is typical. As a techie, you're triggered by technical detail because you understand the technical details of that example that is intended to illustrate the size of the data collected. Rest assured that this happens all the time and when people read news about a topic that they are an expert on, they cringe all the time. For example, a paraglider pilot will get triggered if the reporter uses the word "Jumped" in a story about a paraglider pilot who crash-landed and injured two more people. This is because paragliders don't jump but take off from hills etc. Usually reporting on technical topics is very hard because you need to reach the non-technical audience so you will HAVE TO use illustrative examples and not exactly accurate descriptions so that can be absorbed by the non-technical readers. Unfortunately, this will put you in a position where can be called on by technical readers who are triggered by the "implementation details" of your story. I do believe that calling out the 5GB illustrative example is missing the point of the article. It's just a way to portray size of the data collected on you, it doesn't have any meaning even if this data was 3Mb or 100Gb. For example, if it was 3Mb Google might have used it to convey how little data they collect on you as if the size that this data takes has any correlation about the impact, then why even bother with such an irrelevant point of the "article implementation"? >Is it really the responsibility of a journalist to hold the hand of people not well versed in the topic at the expense of technical correctness I think they don't have a choice but to do it this way. A typical news outlet will report on hundreds of topics a day and probably covering the entire spectrum of topics out there. How likely it is that all of the readers will be well versed in all the areas of expertise that human race was able to achieve in the last few thousands of years of recorded history? Also, these journalists[not necessarily this one but in general] are usually not experts on the topic that they write on and the better ones usually would consult with someone who is well versed on that topic. There's no way that the expert that the journalist is consulting with, will be able to educate the journalist, so he/she will dumb it down and then the reporter will dumb it down further and re-shape it in a form that the news outlet can sell it to its audience(right wing, left wing, alt-right, communist, highly educated ... whatever, they too are making a product for their customers). > Some of us do not subscribe to the "ends justify the means" theory I don't think that this is the case here. To be an "end justifies means" the writer would have to give a false information on an information that is relevant to the core of the story. Does it really matter what's the size of some digital data? Would it be O.K. if Google collected 100Mb of data but totally unacceptable if that was 5Gb? The size of the data is an irrelevant implementation detail of the story. Even assuming that this is all the data about you is silly in the first place but the articla is not about that - even if the title says so. Thank you for that! Okay, I was made aware of this website a few days ago and it was possible to search Facebook users by many criteria as location, gender, age and IQ. So If I'm getting this right, now we are all can have the data that Cambridge Analytica was supposed to delete, right? Okay, any idea how this website was able to search by IQ? According to this article Facebook can estimate user's IQ: https://www.ft.com/content/3dfa397c-9a73-11e4-8426-00144feab... Do you think that this could be a FB data point as the creator of the archive claims to have had a deal with Facebook to scrape data? Sure, but I would love to see what FB derives from their wast data and userbase. Maybe we have a valid use case for a blockchain? edit: can someone explain what’s so wrong with this comment please? I see, people imagine that Tesla would use a defeat device to put doctored logs prior the crash. However this would not work since the car can’t put logs that say that everything is fine and did everything right because people would notice that’s incorrect as soon as they compare it with the evidence collected on the crash site. If the car was able to know what’s the right thing to do, it would not only put it into the logs but it would have prevented the crash by doing it(unless of course, Musk is a contract killer and the cars ar crashing intentionnaly with correctly pre-doctored logs). That’s why I suggested to use a blockchain - to ensure that the logs are not modified post-mortem. No, you just lack imagination. Some early driverless vehicle systems experimented with magnets embedded in the road, so it's definitely an option to install helpers to the current infrastructure to improve the safety of the autonomous vehicles. But who should do that? Should the government allocate budget for that? If so, which manufacturers systems they should target? Hmm maybe tech companies should not be developing competing standards or they should form some kind of consortium and agree on some guidelines that the government can use to improve safety. Anyway, this defeats the purpose of driverless cars though because it will turn cars into trains with personal pods instead of wagons. Just build a mass transit system with trains then, they can be made driverless easily and probably much more efficient than running each pod with its own systems. It works fine in Europe. Walk me through your implementation and I will walk you through the blockchain implementation and see the strengths and weaknesses. You're just an internet person triggered by a question, really unpleasant attitude btw. Very closed even to considering an exotic solution and angry as if I'm implementing the blockchain at this very moment, are you in your 50s by any chance? Or maybe personal problems or no sex for a prolonged period or something like that? Why Are you acting like such an unpleasant and rude person? That’s nice, lately I start forgetting what’s ECMAScript and what’s Babel/Webpack feature. Sometimes it’s nice to have a refresh. Do you have examples of mass acid attacks, mass stabbing attacks in Europe? Maybe we can do a quick sanity check for the hypothesis about lunatics using knives and acids when guns are not available? Sure, there were some jihadist attacks but these are institutional attacks, I can't really recall having any angry person going on a rampage. In Europe, the act of an angry or crazy person will probably result in a break down in tears... I'm not anti-gun, in fact when I was a kid I loved shooting with airguns and I bet it's a great hobby to shoot real guns but the European approach seems to be working. Anyway, can you prove that my perception is wrong and in reality, people use knives and acid when guns are not readily available? No, it doesn't have to be "mass". The question is, is it really the case that people use knives when guns are not available? Your hypothesis is that people just use the next available weapon, which sounds logical, but is there any data to support it? Have the eurocrazies actually found a way, in general? Maybe most crazies just go and break furniture and laptops instead of stabbing when no guns are available? Maybe they just punch the person that they are unhappy with? I mean, Europe is around for long enough time so we should have enough data to come to a definitive answer to the question instead of repeating it every time the subject comes in, right? Do people actually use knives when guns are not available and no significant safety benefit is achieved by the European approach? You know what's interesting? A Decentralised media platform used to be huge and actually is still huge: Torrents. There's a huge community that consumes media that's not hosted anywhere particular and there are apps like Popcorn Time that offer viewing experience almost as good as Netflix. The problem, of course, is that up until now there was no way to reward the creators and almost all the media consumed on Torrents is illicit copies of copyrighted material that don't bring direct benefits to its creators. It is a huge topic in the blockchain community to find a way to reward content creators and we see early attempts that may or may not succeed at this. Another issue is the "Averagisation" of the content. The moment that you make a content that advertisers might find controversial you risk losing your reward for that content so advertising financed media fails to capture anything beyond the mainstream entertainment. This has another unfortunate outcome, which is that people who don't want to get a direct reward for their content but hoping to be rewarded with political influence can afford to continue producing content that tends to be extremist(veganism, left and right politics, racism, conspiracy theories - you name it). So we end up with extremely light content that's something between product unboxing and funny videos not touching any sensitive topic and extremely edgy content that depicts the world as black and white and if you are not one of us you are one of them. Your average monetised content on Youtube is extremely light and your average popular non-monetised conted is extremeley heavy. At this time you'll find that these new decentralised platforms are full of the extremist's stuff, as it is just another platform to spread their influence but in the long run, I believe that they will be diluted and will offer a platform where non-extremist but alternative cultures can flourish. Well, product placements are still advertisement. It simply means that these ads are not managed by Google but other agencies that match Youtubers with advertisers. I wonder if Google is happy with that? I just coined that word, but you are right that it is polarisation in a sense that it's either too light or too heavy. However, what I mean by "Averagisation" is that all the content begins to look like the previous one and as the trend is to drift either to the most monetizable or most politically extremist. I wouldn't call this polarisation because these are not polar opposites. The "nice, advertisers friendly" content is not polar opposite to the extremist content, they co-exist without any conflict. So, the content becomes more from the same, just they are in two categories. Maybe. I just don't want to use a well-established word to tag a new phenomenon because people can start judging the situation by the wider meaning of the word "Uniformization" or maybe different people will understand something different. Instead, I coin a word and proceed to explain it. I find that using words with precise technical definitions or words that are jargons is dangerous in an informal context. An iPhone unboxing video is not a polar opposite of a video complaining about feminists. I wouldn't call this polarisation even if it can be described as the polarisation of income models because my concern is about the content of the videos. I find it disturbing to see comments on HN completely disregarding the content and context and default to monetary optimisation. I believe that people and their creations are what matters and the business models around those are incidental, despite the fact the business is influencing the content. People always sing songs but the way they profit from this keeps changing over time. Selling tickets, selling recording, selling streaming, selling right - all change as the technology and society changes. Therefore, I think that the polarisation is not the right word here as there is no polarisation of the content of ad-friendly and controversial content. They might be polarised among themselves tho, like iPhone vs Samsung and MAGA vs Antifa. I think I just triggered a Vegan :) I have respect for Vegans despite being a huge meat lover. What I mean by extremism is that Vegans are extreme and controversial form certain philosophies and eating habits and those serious about Veganism more often than not claiming that people who eat meat are murderers and should be treated as such, framing this as "Us the spotless goodies vs them unredeemable baddies". In my books, that's extremism. But hey, I get your point and I'm more than excited about lab grown burgers so we can have all the meat we want without harming the animals. Can you give a link to your original content? I'm curious what HN'ers create! No, I don't disregard the effect of capital. Actually I clearly said that the capital influences the content, just on the next sentence. Anyway, the content is a cultural product and if not treated as such you'll end up losing your business to someone who does. In that case, if the blockchain people figure out a way that to reward content in a different way than pleasing advertisers then there's a huge opportunity to disrupt Youtube. At the end of the day, despite what your analytics software says, it's not just impressions what your product gets - it's people watching videos. Content creators don't necessarily want more viewers, they want more influence or more money or more appreciation. After all, there's a reason why don't consume the same content since the invention of camera and advertisements. Doesn't it also mean that Telegram is a database of copyright infringing users associated with a phone number and all their actions cryptographically signed(can't claim you did not shared/viewed something)? You can argue if the copyright laws are good or bad but infringing these laws un-anonymously seems needlessly risky to me. Mark steal cookies, gets caught and serves his sentence in jail. Now Mark is out, looking for a job as a JavaScript developer but when Mark is Googled to check about his involvement in OS projects and personal portfolio before his Github profile the article on CNN from 5 years ago is displayed and apparently Mark is a cookie monster. Is Mark sentenced to never be employed again? Mark made a mistake but Is He really worse from all these people who commit crimes and never get caught or end up in the news? Maybe the balance could be to not display Marks convictions until specifically asked for? I don't say that I have the answer but I really don't understand the concept of unforgiveness. Maybe we should approach all this from a utilitarian perspective? What's the utility of labelling Mark as a thief years after he paid for what he did? Am I? Do the victims forget Mark? Do his friends and family forget what Mark did years ago? Are the criminal records also deleted? You search For Mark Javascript, you are greeted with "You won't believe what Mark, a JavaScript Developer, did to steal cookies" headlines. A lot of the News is for-profit entertainment, it's not public record of Mark but public record of entertainment. The same "News" source might have omitted the news about Oliver the Cookie monster because he advertises a lot with them and they don't want to lose his business. Maybe it's simply not his potential employers job to forgive Mark. The employer is put in such a position because he's exposed to information that's not his business in first place. I would not object that you might be less sympathetic to some criminals than others but as far as I can tell criminal courts don't judge one's character. Even if you claim that you can judge one's character by a mistake He/She did in the past, news organizations are not always accurate or might not portray the picture factually. Maybe it's better if you ask Mark for past convictions and give him a chance to explain so you can judge his character in an informed way. Also a good point, only the most shocking or entertaining crimes would be on the Googleable public record. Mark's misfortune is that stealing cookies was entertaining enough piece that passed the editorial. I agree that it’s backwards but it’s not realistic to expect that from now on people will act rationally and not dismiss without a chance for an explanation a perfectly capable coder, Mark the Javascript developer, simply because his crime ended up in the news. News doesn’t cover all the criminals even if they are convicted. For the most part, It’s an entertainment and the editorial process can make Mark unemployable because his crime brought a lot of ad impressions but the wife beater never ended up on the news because wasn’t shocking or interesting enough. What risk? It's just easy to pass and assume that those who don't have News articles about are lower risk. Not all crimes are reported on the News as it's for-profit entertainment business that needs to pick the most shocking/entertaining incidents and portray those in a way that more people share it. It's not that simple. Some ridiculous percentage of startups fail, yet not all startups have the same risk of failure. That's also why it's not a good idea to dismiss a candidate on a single criterion unless you're randomly hiring. I love Bulgarian Yoghurt but the lack of variety of the mass-produced yoghurt is unfortunate. In Turkey, yoghurt is consumed in enormous quantities. Here is an ad and this is a typical size yoghurt sold in the shops(anywhere from 1.5Kg to 3Kg): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anlWAx9-3Kg Variety is huge, from traditional to premium fatty yoghurt, there's something for everyone. For example, this one ise considered to be one of the best mass produced varieties(That's a fatty crust that forms naturally over the yoghurt): http://galeri2.uludagsozluk.com/207/tikveşli-altın-kaymaklı-... Ayran(add water and salt to the yoghurt, stir thoroughly) is considered the national beverage. Again, consumed in enormous quantities, much more popular than Coca-Cola. Living abroad can be a challenge for Turks and Bulgarians because the yoghurt sold abroad hardly matches the stuff back home. Everyone makes mistakes, only some are punished and even less ends up as subject to the entertainment 'news' industry. I hope you're doing well and I'm glad that you're not repeating your mistake. Is there a way to do that with anything else out there? An interesting thing about FB is that the messages between users and the stuff shared there does not have to be actually sent by the users and don't have to be displayed the way the users wanted. Facebook can curate those or manufacture them from thin air and this is not the case only because FB is not acting maliciously(As far as I know). If the US government wanted to utilize FB as a weapon, they can win a psychological warfare wherever FB is widely used because of the lack of post authenticity verification. Apparently, FB did successful experiments that altered the user's mood by the way their timeline is curated[0]. So, the FB can conduct covert operations to alter the psychological state of a nation. What's more, by looking at location info and communications on WhatsApp and Messenger and the psychological profiling FB can fabricate entirely fictional "snapshot" of the world. For example, FB can display gaslighting posts as if they are posted by the friends of the people while making sure that they don't directly communicate(post displayed from people that have not been contacted since a long time, when contacted on WhatsApp or Messenger reply with AI bot answers to confirm the post). I'm very sceptical that FB will remain a global social network without addressing the huge political risks. I think that politicians will find a way to get rid of FB and have a local social network that they can control, the same way as it is in China. [0]: https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/jun/29/facebook-... Back in the day I learned Javascript to create a Firefox extension called budaneki[1] that does basically that. It got quite popular but I abandoned it later since I no longer needed and didn’t have a business model. Today I’m very happy with the Safari on MacOS as you’re can preview links. I like the Wikipedia implementation a lot, but as a Safari, I’m already used to have it everywhere. [1] https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/budaneki/ Actually, Russia is back in business with Sukhoi Superjet 100[0]. They Already produced and sold quite a few aircraft despite the crash during the demonstration to clients[1] [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sukhoi_Superjet_100 [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_Mount_Salak_Sukhoi_Superj... Really depends on the mess up. You mess up and leak confidential info to an ex-boyfriend? Well, here you are contributing to the stats of women killed by their partners. If software didn't have strong real-world implications the entire software market would have been just a subset of the gaming market. I'm not a regulations fan but for me, it feels simply like something obvious materializing. Not all software is regulated, no one cares about your program you make at home, run or distribute as long as it doesn't do some specific stuff. Make a calculator App and GDPR doesn't care. Make a calculator App that collects financial info and personal info and sends that info somewhere, then GDPR cares. In my experience with scientists, they just use the tools that know how to use and have available. So maybe they just got the set-up for 2.7 on their personal/work computers or maybe some tool/library is using 2.7? I don't think that these films critique anything, they just tell a story and it's up to the people's judgement to critique the events and characters in the story. I wouldn't say that people who idolize these characters have poor judgement or bad morale though. I mean, we shoot people or do illegal street racing in virtual environments for fun all the time, maybe it's just a human nature to entertain the idea of what we could have done if sociatal norms or laws wouldn't stop us. Idealization of a persona usually doesn't mean wanting to become exactly that person but to have some quality of that person. Maybe those people who actually do something are simply racionalizing their actions through these fictional characters? Well, I'm already receiving automated calls about "that car accident" and they connect me to a real person if I happen to respond with a predefined keyword. I would say that there's a market for that. How long before rough agents implement good AI for their operations? How long before we implement defences against AI? So EU citizens will either revolt and destroy EU or read their news from somewhere else? More likely, will do the usual thing people do for geo-locked content: Use proxy or pirate until a convenient solution takes off. That convenient solution will be GDPR compliance by the offender or a competitor. I mean, mild annoyance is nothing compared to the annoyance of war thorn continent, I wouldn't bet too much on the destruction of EU or even withdrawal of GDPR When you don't a competitor steps in and if the day comes that you want some EU sales, you will have to spend huge sums to establish your brand if you are not a huge brand that's on TV shows and the News all the time. Geo-locked products are nothing new. I lived in a communist country, few EU countries and a middle eastern country and I can promise you that when a certain brand is not available a local competitor pops up and after the original brand becomes available it stays remain a curiosity unless it's a massive pop culture icon(McDonald's, CocaCola, Amazon, Netflix etc. - stuff that's on American TV shows all time. The TV Shows are also geo-locked but local pirates make them available few hours after the USA. Even in Cuba). So, it's not a simple problem of if(profit Please respect our laws and privacy or don't do business with us. We will be very sorry if your product is irreplaceable or we will use a competing product that complies with GDPR. Of course, it is an option, the problem is that you claim not to be and you claim that "the EU and GDPR proponents' mindsets make a lot more sense" because I asked a question to emphasize the "test" on the EU citizens. I see you're in Texas. Don't worry too much about EU, we are doing fine. We will figure this thing out if it turns out to be more bad than good. I haven't been given an option not to make calls to your servers, those websites used to load 20 tracking scripts without asking me. Thanks to the GDPR now I will be able to stop sending requests. What's the problem? See, how browsers work is that they load this thing called HTML that describes the content and can load other stuff without asking me. Apologies if I accidentally sent any data or money, it wasn't my call. It was in the HTML that I loaded because I was offered to view a free article. Well, as it turns out, it's your problem. Like, literally :) Anyway, don't be too upset about all this. The law is not banning you from collecting my data, you just need to be explicit and informative about it so that I can decide if I am going to send a request to your servers. I'm often disturbed by the mindset that people are some business' god given a right to exploitation. It's the other way around really, that is, if you can find a way to serve me or solve a problem of mine I might choose to do a business with you if I decide that the compensation you demand fair. If your business is unprofitable when you have to ask me for permission in plain English maybe it simply means that you don't have a profitable Business and you should consider doing something else. We don't see business people complaining that government regulations are hurting their organ harvesting businesses, right? People decided that they don't want other people to sell their kidneys on open markets, so that business doesn't exist. People at some point decided that they don't want to get cancer from Asbestos, regulations kicked in and the Asbestos businesses were destroyed. This time around people seem to be in control of their data, if that makes your business unprofitable or impossible do what others did: Something else. >not worth the hassle There you get it. If your business is not profitable when you respect the privacy preferences of your users you simply don't do business. It's not your god given right to violate user's privacy so that you can turn a profit. In other words, if you can't make a profit by selling 1$ burgers when you meet hygiene requirements just get out of the 1$ burger business. No need for hard feelings. See, that's not what GDPR does. Maybe In your alternative-facts GDPR, your case may have a point. I don't see why I should argue over a hypothetical GDPR, let's focus on the reality. About the burger thing, we do not need to assume things here, we can examine the reality and the reality is that McDonald's complies with the EU regulations when doing business in the EU, local American burger shops that don't do business in the EU do not comply with the EU regulations. I hear that you have some amazing burgers in the USA, will definitely try few local shops! Is your argument that someone else in the business should care or is your argument that EU visitors should not have rights to their data because it is inconvenient to you? Depending on your arrangement, if you are a reseller for example, you probably are not responsible for what that software does with your customer's data. Also, burger shops that do business in EU(usually chains, McDonald's and Burger King) do care about the EU food regulations, why shouldn't they and why shouldn't you? You are aware that McDonald's isn't steamrolling in the EU, right? They do follow the EU food regulations. And no, you don't have to be a big company to sell burgers in the EU, we have plenty of local independent burger shops all over the continent. So do you argue that businesses that do business over the internet should be subject to the laws where the business is legally based? So, do you say that EU businesses should be able to operate in the USA but according to the EU laws and without any consideration to the US laws? Or is your arguments something else, something selfish like all online businesses should operate according to the US laws or something like online businesses should not be bound by any laws whatsoever? Or something else? Well, "HQ based law" not the case and it's a much larger discussion that doesn't have anything to do with the GDPR or EU. The USA too is going after foreign companies doing business with Iran or Cuba. The USA is not happy with cryptocurrency ICO's and it's enforcing it. The USA is forcing the world to respect DMCA. The taxes are also an issue, even within the USA doe to different VAT in different states. These are topics that have been in discussion since the beginning of the internet and the dust is just settling and the solution is not simple as "You obey to the laws according to the country you're based in". It's a huge huge topic. Edit: And FYI, many countries do enforce a tax on foreign purchases. For example, Turkey will be forcing American internet giants to charge VAT to its Turkish clients and transfer that VAT to the Turkish government. Countries want to collect taxes, you can't really get away with "I am an American company so I operate tax-free" argument. Politicians will work out an arrangement like "I will make your tax law enforceable on my companies if you let me use your military base and purchase weapons". Let's agree to disagree about GDPR. Anyway, it boils down to enforceability. EU is a huge entity and probably will be able to enforce the GDPR by forcing payment systems and gatekeepers like Google and Apple that legally operate in the EU not to do business with businesses that do not respect GDPR. Maybe it will be a bargaining point in some trade talks between other countries and the EU and EU will insist that the countries will help with the enforcement of the GDPR in exchange for something that other countries want from the EU. As long as we don't live in some kind of libertarian anarchy world order, these things will be determined by the politicians. You should also ignore DMCA and host copyrighted movies, it will help with the visitor numbers. That's an important aspect. May I ask which country is that? I'm curious about your product too if you are comfortable enought to disclose it :) Better Call Saul! >Do EU businesses follow Iranian regulations? Of course, if they want to do business in Iran. The same goes for every company and country. Don't you believe me? Go to your iPhone's Settings-> General -> About -> Legal -> Regulatory There you'll see which regulation Apple follows. Despite being an US based company, Apple complies with the regulations of Canada, Europe, Japan, Singapure, Russia etc. How do you even imagine that a company will be doing business in one country byt will be excepted from the regulations because it's based in some other country? That would not be possible, companies would simply move to the least regulated place with the lowest taxes. Oh and they do that wherever possible(i.e sell to EU from Ireland). So how exactly it's O.K. for customers if their privacy is breached by mom&pop businesses but not O.K. if it's breached by businesses that have 50K or more users? It's common theme here on HN to think that users are just some kind of resource and the regulations are anti-climactic things that slows down the party. Seriosly, As a user, I don't want my information to be sold to random people that I have no information about even if the seller is a tiny business because my feelings are not against the business but against the practice. The size of the violator is irrelevant to me. If not breaching my privacy and my rights makes your business unprofitable, then simply you don't have a business. Users are people, not just pageviews or hits or goals - despite what your analytcs software says. This argument is disturbing for two reasons 1) You claim that GDPR has a big administrative burden to small businesses but that's not the case as long as your business model is not based on invasion of privacy. If it is, well, tough life! 2) It devalues the individual, it's ridiculous. Small restaurants need to follow hygiene standards just as the big chains, despite the fact that your local burger shop won't cause health problems on the same scale of McDonald's. Do you know why? Because individuals matter too. Can't be bothered to clean your kitchen? Don't run a restaurant. Can't be bothered to take care of your visitor's data? Don't run an online business. The society or any individual doesn't owe you a profit or a business. How did you manage to deal with a GDPR enquiry? It's been less than a Week since it's introduction. Something tells me that your reaction is not based on facts but pure ideology, an ideology that assumes that regulations are always bad the businesses will take care of the consumers if left to their own devices. I know right? But on the other hand, people are fine to ingest pills sold by a dude that barely can spell his name but will totally freak out if someone opens a hospital with fake doctors :) Parents literally teach their kids to not accept food from strangers and women are often drugged by accepting drinks from strangers. People accept food from people they know socially or from an organisations that they know. EU won't go after you if you send a link of your non-complient code to your friend as long as your friend doesn't start a legal action against you. You are freaking out for no good reason. Yes, I did, I had to comply with EU workspace regulations. Built a nice toilet marked the floor with yellow lines, paid a wage above the minimum wage, registered a company and the govt. people said it's all good. It's really not that big of a deal. I would have trouble only if I was doing illegal business, make people work in an unsafe and dirty environment, didn't provide the sanitary needs and paid them less than the national minimum wage. You’ll still have legal trouble if your food or drinks harm people. Same with the web, if you’re coding for your own social circle GDPR is not something you need to comply as long as someone of your social circle is harmed and starts an action against you. Also, different regulations for different sizes is due to the nature of the business. It’s not that small shops are allowed to be dirtier than the chains. The nature of the chain business. Chains do things that small ones don’t and the extra regulations are about that. As I said, small restaurants are not allowed to be dirtier than the chains. The same goes for the software, if you’re not doing things that Google does then GDPR affects you less than Google. Seriously, the cost of GDPR compliance is not the same for Google and mom&pop businesses, just like the cost of food safety regulations is not the same for the chains and small restaurants. You are freaking out for no good reason. April 2004: We will machine-read your e-mails so that we can show you banners more efficiently. No funny business, we promise. We also collect all kind of data about you, even offline data but no biggie. April 2018: We developed all that technology by reading your e-mails and analysing your daily life, now we will make military gear with all the expertise we know about the world and the human population so that political actors can kill more efficiently. No biggie. PS: We control the information flow, we can start and stop political conflicts by selectively displaying information but we would totally not use it to sell military gear. Oh, we also don't claim to be not evil anymore but no biggie. We also have established political ties and spend tons of money on lobbying but we would definitely not extract wealth by starting political conflicts and selling gear that is designed to contain the specific conflicts to the people in power that we spend a lot of money to keep in touch. No biggie. It's mostly a deduction. The hypothesis is that if you can control what information is available you can affect the opinions and feelings of the people who receive that information. There's a study conducted by Facebook about controlling emotions by means of content curation. If Facebook can do it, Google too can do it: https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/jun/29/facebook-... Google is the dominant search engine and these days they even host the content through AMP and they own the most popular web browser and mobile computers operating system. They have not only the means to reach people and curate the content generated by other people, they can also change the content created by other people(AMP pages) and disguise their actions(since they control the app that displays the content). Let's travel in time and go back to the WW2 days and mention Hitler as any proper online political discussion would eventually do. Don't you think that it would be very convenient for Hitler if he had a way to show "how awful Jews are"? Wouldn't he loved it if Germans search results about economical crisis or gas prices would display how "greedy Jewish bankers are destroying the lives of honest German workers" or any other political or cultural Nazi propaganda? Unless we switch to cryptographically signing all the content we create and learn to distrust any content that's not signed and have a way to verify that the signed content curation is not politically influenced, giants like Google and Facebook would have the power to make/break countries, start/stop lynches or even genocide. There's a reason why China doesn't allow search results about Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 and all the governments are trying to find a way to control the information flow. I really don't understand this conspiracy theory. These devices don't run on magic but on technology that's well understood by a very large number of engineers and scientists all around the world, even in countries that are not exactly friendly enough to maintain the conspiracy of the American corporations or whomever else you believe is behind this. Because these devices run on technology and not on magic we can also observe their behaviour and reverse engineer them. We can see when and what is transmitted from these devices, we can observe individual components, we can observe apps. I find it very unlikely that such a privacy violation and grand lie can survive the scrutiny of mortal enemies of the corporations that are allegedly behind this. What's more likely is that your unscientific observations are flawed and you are biased to confirm your "theory" and write an article to make some ad money and fame. For me, these AI solutions always feel like I'm talking to a very stupid person who has no idea what's doing but has a booklet in possession that may or may not have the information that I'm looking for. Just give me that booklet and I will figure it out,geeez... What a frustration to deal with these smart machines. With Siri or Google Assistant, you soon figure out few things that this very low intelligence person can do(like telling the weather or setting an alarm) and stick with it. This is also why I'm excited about iOS12 with all these Siri shortcuts, instead of pretending that we are talking to a smart being let's have a concrete list of things that can do. On the other hand I do believe that these voice interfaces have some potential, just the technology is not there yet. Here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17265683 With CLI, you usually can type help or add a -h to the command or something like that and you'll be presented with options and examples. You really don't have this option with voice. On the other hand, when I visited my mother I was surprised that she figured out that Google Assistant can provide her with nutrition information. She would have never figured out by herself on a CLI or menu because it's very intimidating. This somewhat contradicts my previous comment about how much I dislike voice interfaces but they probably have some strengths. In my experience, these "commands" are also quite vague. Instead of expecting the "help", they should just put (x) and show the menu where I can click on things and be done with it. On voice interface, your best chanse is to connect to an actual intelligent being as soon as possible because getting the options is a frustration by it's own. It's definitely not ideal, no wonder why GUI is so successful. When I first arrived in London my English was not good enough to speak on the phone, I had no idea what the London job market for developers looked like, I had no idea where should I live and where should I settle. So for the first 3-4 months, I did some wine waiting as a gig(agency work, no fixed place or hours. Like with Uber, you provide your own gear - like uniforms, bottle openers etc.) at the finest, the most iconic places in London. I worked at the Shard, I worked at the Cafe Royal, I worked at Four Seasons in events where celebrities like Victoria Beckham or Prince Harry were guests. I did my jubilee at BAFTA's after party, I was the wine waiter for the award-winning team that made the Amy Winehouse documentary. That night I had a chance to meet with pretty much every single celebrity(900+ guests from the industry), I was a huge Breaking Bad fan and I had the chance to speak with Walter White. How to get into this gig business without ever working in this industry? 1 day of training and boom, I'm a waiter at the fines restaurants in the world. It was such an amazing experience but whoever imagines living like that forever should have poor judgement. I was there to make some money until I get a real job and open a bank account(really hard to do because of catch 22) and most people who worked with me were either new arrivals like me or Australians who came to the UK to experience Europe for a year or 2(They come just before or after college with 2 year work visa, work for few months and travel Europe). The world is transforming, the employment contracts are not the driving force. They are a reaction to the new needs. I think it's alright, an equilibrium will be reached. Not as a sommelier but a wine waiter and no, my English was not rudimentary but I did not have much practice at speaking so I had very hard time on the phone(I guess I was used to do lips reading?). There are also roles that require almost no interaction with the guest and these roles were filled with immigrants that barely speak any English. Roles like bringing the plates or collect the empty glasses and dishes. Also, it's not like they had much choice, In these 4 months I haven't met a single British person as a colleague but Spanish, Italians, French, Bulgarians, Romanians, Iranians, Brazilians, South Africans, Kiwis and of course a lot of Australians. The pay was just above the minimum wedge. Later I actually built an app to help these agencies organize their workforce but it turned out that they were happy with Excel, e-mails and Whatsapp. That's correct. After 2 months of working and not being able to get paid, finally, someone at an HSBC branch accepted the letter from the agency and opened my account. With the statements of that account now I have proof of address and I can open as many bank accounts as my heart desires :) Later I got a job as an UI developer in the City, but the first few months were hard. Correct, it starts with events but as you gain some experience agencies start giving you shifts in restaurants. I worked at some seriously fancy restaurants. It was very interesting to observe and interact with extremely rich people or people in position. Banks were surprisingly hostile, tried that with few branches but they first did not acknowledge the existence of the account and later they found a way to say that I do not qualify. I had to make my agency write the employment letter multiple times because the banks always found something wrong. Finally, it was a week before Christmas and I had to beg the HSBC employee to accept the letter and open my account because I was running out of cash on Christmas. I think it's mostly about the workforce supply flexibility. Agency workers are paid more than the regular staff at the same position and there is the agency fee on top of the hourly rate. We were also called "candidate" as if we are permanent job candidates. That was actually true for some people who actually persued jobs in the hospitality industry and when someone gets a permanent job the employer pays the agency a fee. AML regulations and scams. Apparently in the past people with questionable sources of income used to open fake accounts to move money and the banks were happy to do it until the regulators slammed them with fines. Also, when you have a bank account you can get things like a phone contract with a direct debit payment. Apparently, some people made it a habit to leave the UK without paying their bills after they are done with their seasonal work. I'm sure some people run much more elaborate scams. Yeah, I tried that but it was not accepted. One branch told me that some countries are considered higher risk than others so they need to be stricter and want a utility bill or a statement from another bank. Monzo(It was Mondo back then) recently introduced current accounts and I see that Revolut too now offers a real current account. That's great news, but still, you'll have trouble wherever proof of address is needed since these apps don't send paper statements as far as I know. Good to hear that the situation is improving drastically! Just a year ago Monzo didn't even offer a current account. Because React doesn't manipulate the DOM directly you're leaving every convention and tool about DOM manipulation behind, which means that the moment you want to do something more complex than composing components you either have to re-invent the wheel or use the brand new wheels that somebody re-invented. React is brilliant but makes simple stuff that no one was thinking on anymore hard and complex again. So if you don't want to think about how to handle an AJAX request and an animation like it's 2004 you can just slap a library on top of React(and worry about the page size and loading strategies). React is a statement, a revolution, it is about disowning the old Web and building it from scratch. You bring animation libraries in when your UI animations don't necessarily match the component lifecycles and you don't want to do something basic. Well, you don't have to bring in animation libraries but then you'll have to engineer it by yourself and handle all the quirks. In React you simulate a DOM(or whatever) instead of working on a DOM that's handled by the browser(or whatever). It's just like the difference of a real-world physics and simulated physics. In the real world, you can throw a rock and the nature will handle everything. On a simulation, you will have to think about all kind of details to make your simulation as realistic as possible. Who should be responsible if not the UI framework? Oh, and by complex, I don't mean character animation or something. It's the stuff that is supposed to act differently than the React's internal workings. For example, if you want to do an animation on items that disappear when the user takes an action it's not going to be easy as with plane JS manipulating the DOM. Also, you won't be able to use some nice artistic animations that were created by direct DOM manipulation. Thanks :) My agency was a small one, found it through an Aussie girl that I met at the hostel that I stayed. >the ability to jump down to a particular place in the file with a single touch is mindblowing and immediately boosted productivity when dealing with huge scripts. Isn't that an argument to use a touchscreen laptop? I always wonder, why unionised workers won't pursue investment in technology that will make their jobs obsolete rather than fighting a futile war against the technology? If you're an organisation of hundreds of thousands of workers, you probably can afford to invest in startups that can replace the jobs of the people you're representing. What's better, you already have a relationship with the client and your members have the know-how of the tasks and the business that's about to get automated. If the investments fail, you keep your jobs. If your investments succeed, you no longer need to work to make living. Yes but wouldn't be great for the workers if they had a stake in the company that makes the conveyor belt for example? We all have seen the graphs showing that the efficiency in the businesses increased dramatically while the salaries stagnated. Maybe they should pursue investment unions that are aiming to replace their jobs with technology so that they can take the rewards of the increased efficiency. 260K workers can provide the capital by investing a fraction of their salary. A 4K a year on average per worker will provide 1 Billions $ a year to invest in technology to make UPS jobs obsolete. There's no rule that one person or company should own all the machines that put people out of work, maybe it can be better for everyone if the machines are owned by a large number of private owners. Basically decentralised communism or if you want it to sound nicer, shared automation economy through crowdfunding. Sure, what’s the problem? Good point, but the idea here is that if the workers invest in the inevitable future and turn automation into a passive income instead of total loss for them(as it will happen when their trade is robotised by someone else). They might as well invest in anything else however collectively investing in the business they understand and are part of could bring considerable advantages such as educated “bets” in the startups and structured job losses(as not everyone will lose their jobs to the automation at the same rate) and all the the benefits that come with scale as opposed to individual micro investments. Interesting, the Vue version feels significantly faster then the React version(drops frames at the beginning of the animations just after a click) and the Angular version feels much more website-like than app-like Wouldn't that create fragmentation in production, therefore possibly significant price increases due to the need of retooling of packaging and distribution? Such measures work when done in the rich world with very large markets, for example, companies increase their standards due to EU regulations because they find that it's cheaper to retool themselves according to the EU and sell everywhere even if EU standards are not imposed everywhere, instead of maintaining two standards or losing the EU market altogether. The concept of anti-face recognition make-up is around since a while: https://cvdazzle.com But you don't gain ML/AI know-how by doing SQL, nor you discover previously unknown potential about your product buy sticking to your usual toolset. Not that I necessarily disagree with the OP but I find it deeply uninspirational. What's the difference between using ML/AI for problems traditionally solved by some other tool and using any other tool to solve the same problem unconventionally? Both can be "hacking". I guess my issue with this is the word "need", don't do what you need to do but what you want to do if you are looking for inspiration. After all, mankind never needed to leave the garden of Eden but left it anyway. Yes but that wouldn't sound well on a press release. OK, apparently the Verge summary wasn't perfect If your maybes are valid it simply means that these Amazon guys are new in the business and will figure out how to design user interface once they have the resources.Lets give them a slack, aye? Seriously though, I canceled my prime after I got a fake SD Card that was sold by Amazon. There was no straightforward way of returning it, had to contact customer support. Later I looked closely and I noticed the reviews warning against fake SD Cards but these were buried in enthusiastic 5 star comments celebrating their new SD Cards and trying to tell the world what a good purchase that was. Maybe it’s just due to the scale, maybe it’s in the business model but dealing with fakes wasn’t working for me. If I wanted the eBay experience I would have been buying my SD Cards from eBay. There was no return option on the SD Card, it was marked as "not eligible for return" so I had to deal with the customer support. I actually went ahead and dug out the conversation for you. This is my refund request: https://imgur.com/bthMMoN This is the response from Amazon: https://imgur.com/xWK8FVH Yeah, they refunded me without a fuss but I prefer an experience where the items arrive in expected quality and I keep them. I think I actually kept the Prime membership for a while but I found myself disillusioned and felt uneasy when shopping at Amazon and later canceled as I was no longer buying stuff from Amazon. O.K. Look, when a website tells me that I'm purchasing a "32Gb Kingston UHS SD Card" by "Kingston" I expect to receive a 32Gb Kingston UHS SD Card. There are details like "Sold by SomeScammySeller" or "Fulfilled by Amazon EU S.à.r.l" on the page and there are caveats like showing the same reviews for the same item sold by different sellers. After the title, there would be a clickable link with the brand name after the title making the impression that you are buying something from that brand. It Makes it very hard to know WHAT and from WHOM you are buying from and what are all these reviews about. Sometimes you change colour and everything changes. You need to study the title, you need to study the comments, you need to study the Amazon's way of doing business and have understood what Fulfilled means, What is Amazon EU S.à.r.l, What is their relationship with the sellers and what guarantees they provide. I don't know how dark or light coloured are these design choices but, in my personal opinion, these create a lot of cognitive loads and combined with not providing a return option and requiring to go by the customer support looks sketchy to me. Me not getting a refund would have been a fraud. I would have filed a chargeback against that fraudulent purchase. A dark pattern is not about taking someone's money an running away but it's about impacting their decision making by designing processes or interactions that exploit common behaviour. An example of a well known dark pattern is adding things to the shopping cart just before check out. Another one is starting a subscription with a click of a button but requiring documents to be faxed for the cancellation. On my specific case with Amazon, the dark pattern is to make it hard for me to spot a fraudulent item and not making the standard refund process available therefore increasing the chances of purchase and decreasing the chances of refund by making it a hassle. Well, maybe it was not intentional, maybe it was a screw-up but that's again a lot of maybes. Any sources on your claim that they are actively trying to solve that problem and that they are failing at it? Of course they will say that they are cracking down on fakes. I spent all day thinking that my raspberry pi zero was faulty, trying to figure out why it’s not booting(FYI, very hard to obtain). Yes, I’m unhappy. A happy purchase is not one where you get a refund for low quality product, a happy purchase is a purchase that you end up spending your money on a product that satisfies you. I don’t care about 7gbp, that’s not the issue. Can you tell us a bit more about the morale and employees opinions back then? Was there a prevalent theory about what's wrong and how to fix it? The naming part is probably about brand recognition and they are doing really well with Huawei(which recently surpassed Apple on the number of unites sold metric). Also, Vue.js seems to have a lot of Chinese contribution. Their Google, FB and Twitter knock-offs seem to be doing good too. It's brilliant. According to Duncan Watts in his book "Everything is Obvious, once you know it" it's quite widespread to use the Turkers for that kind of research. It's described as a very cost-effective method compared to reaching out the subject directly and trying to convince them to gather somewhere for the study. Also, it's described as game-changing when it comes to studies that must have a large base and made previously impossible(due to practical reasons) studies possible. Maybe the materials can't withstand such extreme forces? After all, the same logic would apply to any system that stores mechanical energy. Can you, for example, make a mechanical watch by compressing liquid instead of a spring? You don't have to put any new buttons if you are not harvesting data. Apparently, the pre-GDPR business model and UX was built around the user's ignorance and when you're compelled to inform the users and give them a choice, you mıght chose to change your business model or introduce a UI to inform the users and ask for permissions. I really don't see how this is GDPR's fault. Businesses might have chosen not to harvest user data, therefore not introducing GDPR compliant UIs for informing the users. That appears to be about 2000USD a week. A volume of two iPhones. edit: O.K. Apparently, that's not VEF but VES, so it should be about 8K iPhones or a volume of about 8 Million USD. 500,000,000 Bolivars == 2012USD https://ibb.co/cDcbCp noted. I’m not sure that tin foil hat can protect you from lousy journalism based on speculations without any evidence or even clues. They say that some experts in somewhat related field now agree that the previous speculations based on non-evidence might be somewhat plausible. You’re going to need some military grade tin foil hat for that. I see this as a pattern in any society getting wealthy because the blueprint seems to be about the same across the board. When you are financially successful, you buy a nice car and clothes to display that success. You travel to Europe and the world and post pictures from iconic places. At some point getting a nice car or travelling to places no longer impresses anyone because these days everyone can do it, so you seek other things like education, art, philanthropy, title etc. In ex-soviet countries, for example, it used to be that your college degree would not impress anyone because everyone can get one and end up in a low-paying job as a medical doctor or nuclear physicist but a pair of western brand shoes went long way for a while until they became widely available. I wouldn't judge people on their way of displaying success. Each culture has its own ways that come and go out of fashion as things are getting hard or easy to obtain. I like your approach but I disagree with your conclusion. Just recently Pepsi Co bought SodaStream for $3.2B. AFAIK, SodaStream is essentially a company that innovated with the UX outside the Internet-based technologies, not solving some hard problems. Theranos claimed to have been doing something similar but failed due to their choice of UX improvement approach being based on technology that does not work. An analogy in the internet-based business would be promising to improve the UX of customer support using AI and then not delivering on the AI part. I think that your "Outsized impact" concept is interesting but I think that there is no such thing, it's just an illusion due to the speed differences of the delivery of the impact. Should Theranos was not based on pseudo-science, the eventual impact could have been no smaller than your average internet unicorn. Theranos' was not about making something previously impossible, possible. Theranos doesn't have anything to do with biomedical science, they were supposed to improve the experience of blood testing both for the patient and for the medical professionals. Their problem was that they choose to try to do it by a method that was not technically possible at this time. Another company might try to improve the experience by improving the needles and redesign the machine to look like less offensive and scary and they might succeed in it. It's exactly like the difference between SodaStream's success and chatbots failure, that is, betting on UX improvement using a tech that's not there. Chatbots, SodaStream. Theranos - they don't do anything new that wasn't done before. Chatting with customer support was around since a while, Carbonating water to make soda was around since probably the industrial revolution and testing blood samples were around since modern medicine. All these companies tried to improve the experience and reduce costs, regardless of the nature of the business being internet or manufacturing based. It's not about the domain. EDIT: I'm not defending Theanos and I'm not going to comment about the motive of the people involved as I don't know them and I was not involved with Theanos at any time. I think their main claim was to improve the experience and reduce the costs for the users and the medical professionals. The rest of your comment is a straw-man argument as it misrepresents my words as I never even implied that they had a great idea or tech or anything like that. Sorry I cannot defend words that are not my own. More like aiming to improve the safety of the cars. One company can try to do it by putting sensors to improve the driver's situation awareness and another company can try to make the cars driverless. Driverless cars also don't exist but apparently, enough people believe that it could be done and the research is going on. Maybe at Theanos they never intended to make the promised machine but I don't want to join the lynch as I don't know the people involved and I can't read peoples minds. I don't know about the details of the case so I'm trying not to claim that somebody did something in bad faith. I find internet lynches distasteful. Did an actual investigation found out that these people scammed the investors? What was their end game? Live a life of fame for a few years until people start asking questions and end up broke and labelled as frauds for the rest of their lives? Yep, that's why our data is a liability for them, thus they are trying to collect as less as possible. Which, is also the main argument of the OP for preferring Apple. File transfers are outstandingly simple and fast with Airdrop, everything is synced on the cloud, there's screen recording on the phone itself and there's wireless charging. I wonder why they even keep around that port. Couldn't they create a wireless USB dongle that simulates a wired connection for the situations that "must-have-USB-connection", like Carplay over the USB only or legacy accessories? Then make a wireless charging cable with magnets(like with the Watch) so that you can charge when using the phone. I am sure that there would be engineering challenges but Is there a valid reason to have to keep that port around any longer? That's why I suggested a USB dongle that you plug into your car and that dongle connects to the iPhone wirelessly but your car thinks that it's a regular USB connection. That's actually something that I always dreamed of :) Wireless USB. Which seems to be a real thing anyway: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wireless_USB I think it's not a clandestine operation but just a challenge to the US demands, therefore it's public? US: Don't trade with Iran because politics UK, DE, FR, CN, RU: Sorry, We like the deal we made and we would like to trade with Iran. US: If any company trades with Iran, won't be able to trade with the USA. Make your choise. UK, DE, FR, CN, RU: Okay then, we will create an infrastructure where the USA won't be able to legally identify and sanction our companies that trade with Iran. I think it's the opposite of choosing, they are taking a measure to help their companies to privately trade with Iran so that they don't have to make choices between the USA and Iran. Politically though, it's very interesting, right? But I hope that we are not discussing that sort of politics here on HN because it rarely produces a good discussion. This is cool. Just an idea, do you think that you can make it do select within the DOM? It would be amazing to do SELECT on the document from a human point of view. I mean from human point of view there are no divs or spans on a page but articles, comments paragraphs pictures links and so on. Sure it a much larger problem but Google for example seems to be able to extract categorised information from web pages. There's actually a fascinating video if a cargo plane crashing just after a take off due to large cargo not secured properly and moving and changing the center of gravity: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M01RmcKsm2k Are there examples of great companies that actually started selling before building the product? From Google to Facebook, all the companies that I've ever researched seems to be based on people fiddling with ideas and then quickly iterate to the direction when they start getting traction. Sure, there are crowdfunding sites or established companies selling based on CGI drawings or concept videos but this seems to be not the rule but the exception for the products that I use. What seems to be the rule is that people have some ideas, they build MVPs and fast-iterate or pivot based on the reception. For the b2c, at least... Anyway, the article is probably talking about b2b where it can be O.K. to start with some slides of value propositions and build the thing later because of the selling process taking moths and the implementation, potentially years. edit: hmm, maybe I am taking the "selling" a bit too literally. So, are there any examples of something that started with the selling first building later? Sure, for a small operation that is not particularly innovative you can do that. You can first sell someone a house and later build it but I am not aware of a product that made it big by consulting the potential users without having a product(MVP or even a POC) in hand. Usually, it seems, people start with a product that they have some kind of awareness of its purpose and value, measure the reactions and iterate it thereafter. I mean, if selling first and building later is the right way to do a start-up, there must be people who actually succeeded with their start-ups by selling first and building later but I'm yet to hear about one. >you added a reference that your thoughts are for B2C. But Facebook and Google are B2B, the Cs are the product It still holds though, they had the product(the users) first. They did not start as companies that figured out that they need users by first selling ad spaces to companies and talking to them. They had something valuable in hand(usres) and iterated the business models through the years. >Oracle to the CIA. I was unable to confirm it. Anyway the advice of sell first build later and talk to customers sound very smart, it's just that it I don't see much of success stories based on that process. On the other hand, build something basic, put it in front of the people, measure and iterate based on the measurements have so many examples. Like pretty much everything out there. So yes, the stuff on the article sound smart but is it? >I just can't imagine cold-calling/emailing people actually If it didn't work people wouldn't be doing it I presume. It probably works every now and then but it's good enough when the cost of doing it is low. When does it work? When you reach someone who is actively looking for it. For example, in the talk given by YC Partner Aaron Harris[0], suggests that cold e-mailing professional investors work when done right. [0]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jzz4AEIddzY Cool, thank you! I think I took the "selling" word a bit too literally. Oh, it happens to me too. As techies maybe we think in the context of "Wouldn't be cool if..." and just really want to believe that it's not just cool but actually people will use it and pay for it and ignore the signs of the opposite as long as we can because it's really cool and sure people will come around and see how cool it is if I can make it shinier. The UK for me was also the least racist environment in Europe, agree. Never felt unwelcome and people genuinely seem to be polite and in good faith. That said, I don't enjoy my right in the UK being a negotiation chip and that my future business or employment in the UK will no longer be based on my qualifications but on my paperwork I have. It's quite likely that maybe sometime in 2024 when I apply for a position in a company I would not be considered because they wouldn't like to deal with visas and work permits. Even if I happen to be hired, what happens when I get old or economy stumbles and I need the benefits that native employees enjoy? All these things are now under negotiation and may or may not be provided depending on the deals the politicians negotiate. I don't like the non-meritocratic system. Maybe it's better to live somewhere where I have equal rights with the locals and sell services to the UK and pay visits to this lovely country. The nicest thing about unregulated professions like those in IT is that you can work anywhere in the world. My feeling: HN is generally negative against blockchain and it's applications, rooting to be proven useless because the Silicon Valley actually missed the window and it's not on the cutting edge of the wave. My feelings towards bitcoin(cryptocurrencies in general): A tool to misbehave in a society that is completely regulated and monitored. Its price is going to match the market for misbehaviour. The size of the market for misbehaviour is going to be based on how much the society deviates from moderate: that is, in total anarchy bitcoin can replace the total global money supply and reach millions of dollars equivalent per bitcoin and in totalitarian governments in multipole world order it can be the currency to trade between camps and illegals when the governments tells you not to. Edit: Hey, it would be nice if you also write why you disagree. I agree but the cash has it's own limitations and governments are trying to get rid of it and actually succeeding in some places like the Nordic countries. Yes there is Coinbase but it is just an exchange, one of many. A really nice one but still just a marketplace(Kids in Japan were doing it like a decade ago). It used to be the other way around, that is, Silicon Valley is early in something that gets big from nothing and the rest of the world makes it's own version after it's proven to be worthwhile. Other than that I agree that there's lot's of BS going on but on the early days of the Web, there was also a lot of BS happening too. Definitely, there's lot's of scam and technically unfeasible stuff going on. Just like the World Wide Web. Just like the programmers trying to solve every problem with an app at some point a few years ago. Not long ago every app idea was getting funded only to decay in irrelevance. >This seems implausible precisely because it’s the crowded view I don't think that a company's success is based on the views of the outsiders. This is like picking B instead of C in a multiple choice test because there were to many questions with the answer C. I wouldn't call it necessarily ahead but yes, different. Anyway, as an EU citizen, I will bite. I'm inclined to believe that our politicians don't fancy to get their reach to the public(therefore, their careers) being controlled by an American organization that would sell that reach to the highest bidder or to US interests. Also, I think that companies or governments knowing too much about you and then doing bad things with that information is not a fiction but a memory or a lesson from the history books and this helps with the public support. I think they want to have a rule book in place so that they know how these internet media giants operate and make sure that Facebook is making their money by showing chocolate ads but not selling information to 3rd parties who want to shape the political landscape in Europe. They wouldn't want, for example, have Bulgaria being targeted by Russia or Turkey and start another civil war in the Balkans through acquiring detailed profile information of the few million people there. >I would 100% be in favor of eliminating tariffs to countries that meet the same standards That’s the current situation with the EU. Turns out the UK is not happy with that. The funny thing is, I see more and more high quality and innovative software from the Chinese. A very popular JS framework, Vue.JS, is Chinese made. These things used to be US made. Also, Facebook is said to target TikTok by releasing apps and features to compete with them. It used to be the other way around. The word is that Chinese are on the cutting edge of AI research too. Nore and more it feels like the state of the art of Software is no longer tied to the Silicon Valley. Interesting times. Can you please give a more specific example to illustrate the case? From my perspective, blockchains are suitable for two things: People who want to misbehave(therefore they don't have legal recourse, independent of the morality of the extralegal actions) and people at war with each other that still need to have a relationship with each other. It's kind of the perfect technology for a collapsed civilization or the revolutionaries and criminals in the current world order. No, not really :) More like Iran and Israel when they want to resolve a difficult situation in Syria where fighting is not preferred by both of the parties but they don't have a trusted 3rd party to handle the orderly resolution. How do you define what make of the software is? If Zuckerberg writes a loop when on a trip to France, can we say that Facebook is now partly France made? Okay, I need to object here: You can't say that reported lies of the officials are the same as fiction made by media even if the outcome was the same. Media not doing good enough job to scrutinize public figures and officials are fundamentally different from media that creates content that is intentionally misleading or fake. One is screw up and the other one is fraud. Are you going to be equally mad to a friend of yours who hears that your SO is cheating on you and tells you what he heard(and the story turns out to be incorrect) and a friend who makes up a story about your SO cheating on you? A good lesson about the value of networking. Similar things are all over the politics, business or even arts and people inclined to believe in conspiracies love to dig these but most of the time it's just the effect of having a way to meet people that are already in. >however I suspect that his death may have had something to do with his heavy investment in some questionable blockchain startups Why do you suspect that? No, the satellites stay in orbit only because the net G they experience is 0. And how this related to the proximity to the Earth? I think the OP meant being close to the Earth would result in a gravity due to the proximity. If that's the correct meaning, then O.K. My bad. I am pessimistic on the issue because people prefer to pay indirectly because it feels like it's free and everybody likes free. The business model of FB and Google deviates from Apple in a major way, with Apple you give the money and get the service. With Google and FB, you get the service and the cost is added to the stuff you buy. It's not necessarily even a price increase, maybe it's just directing the money from the billboard owners to the technologists. I don't see how FB or Google can lose unless someone in power(like a politician or an activist businessman) makes it stop despite the popular opinion. The fight between advertisers is vicious and FB doesn't look like afraid of getting its hands dirty. For someone somewhere "evil" Apple screwed up their entertainment on that FB app which just gives away free stuff and even pays you to use their VPN. It would cost you billions of dollar to buy the service, that's why you rent it. You can buy the hardware though. Apple doesn't dictate what you can install on your phone, you can install whatever you want using the developer tools. What Apple dictates is what people can distribute on their App Store. You can compile your own browser and install it. People act as if Apple is sending the police if they install an App that doesn't meet Apple's guidelines. Limitations are about the distribution on the App Store. >distribute There you have it. They can make the stuff opensource, put it on GitHub and let people install themeslves. This is Apple controlling the distribution, it's not about controlling what's installed on the devices. People can install the spyware freely. That's different from controlling what YOU as a user can install on your phone. Apple controlls what you can make people install on their phones. These are vastly different things. You own your phone and you can do whatever you want with it. It's just that you can't use Apple's distribution channels to spread you code. Why would that be? Does Tim Cook pray at nights to slow down other peoples code on iPhone? It's your code and it will run as fast as you make it, you can't expect Apple to make your code as good as WebKit. No, you don't have to hack anything, you can write your code and run it on your iPhone that's running the legit iOS without going through Apple's review process. People who develop apps do it everyday many times because they need to run their code on devices. You don't ask apple for permission every time you press the build button. >What if I want to install an app someone else wrote onto my phone but doesn't want to put it in the App Store? That other person gives you the sourcecode, you compile it an install it on your device. Oh BTW, you don't have to pay for dev account anymore if you don't intend to distribute your app. You try hard to hate on Apple :) Of course, you need to buy the necessary equipment. Do you want to make holes? Then you buy a drill. I don't know, there are literal spy agencies out there(like people getting trained to extract information, being paid to do things etc.). Would be very convenient for them if there were "unused" microphones and cameras everywhere and just tap the one when they need it. What makes you think that people with full time jobs and careers based on obtaining private information would not be interested in listening to their targets who are sitting on a chair next to their business partner/colleague for hours? It doesn't look like anything like the 737MAX crashes though: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_accidents_and_incident... "an a320 crashes every two years" sounds quite different than "a brand new 737MAX crashes during take off every 6 months because of the faulty sensor thingy". Also a320 family of 8605 aircraft took the life of 1393 passengers in 30 years, 737MAX is at %30 of that in two years and 350 aircraft. 737MAX accidents look very brutal and specific. It doesn't look like "ironing out imperfections" but more like "this plane is broken, it falls off on take off" - regardless if that's the case, people see a pattern here. This, of course, brings in the devices that shake the trackers just right[0], to scam the companies(I remember reading about it being a thing in the USA). I would guess that if this gets mainstream, insurance companies may purchase user data from other apps to cross-check users lifestyle and deny claims where the user appears to be jogging on the insurance app but sleeping according to the totally free and fun sleep tracking app. [0] Phone rockers, like that: https://shopee.sg/Phone-Steps-Tracking-Rocker-i.7049223.9511... :) Of course my dystopian scenario holds only if these trackers were taken seriously. Maybe at this stage, it’s just a way to promote a discount. > I feel like if they know about my competitors they're bound to leave my software for sure Who gives you the right to decide what a customer should want? If they are with you and they are happy with your solution and they stay with you, it's not in your right to think that they should be buying it from someone else. This is why we don't have one car model for each car category, one kind of food for each meal. It may seem logical that everybody should just buy the product with the most bang for their bucks but people usually need the right product. Sporks are more feature rich than spoons and forks but most people would prefer to use spoons for the soup and forks for the salad even when they are fully aware that sporks exist. if everyone is leaving you when they learn about your competitor it may mean that you don't have a viable product and you should make changes. This sounds like a fallacy. Should they also allow asbestos because the sidewalks are covered in trash anyway? That's not the case. The problem here is that the media wants simplistic answers as "healthy or not healthy" but studies don't have such conclusions. What studies find out is "eggs increase X and decrease the probability of Y happening". This is not about science being difficult but an understanding of the outcomes being difficult. This is also how some people try to discredit science. For example, I was highly irritated by Dilbert's creator's argument on defending Trump's climate policies, he said something about swimming after eating previously deemed hazardous but now declared safe, therefore you can't trust experts. Well, that's up to voters to decide. Maybe Brusellians don't mind some trash on the streets as much as new tech's potential hazards. It's not too long ago since establishing a link between cancer and EM Radiation[0]. You say that it's fashionable moral panic but some people may say that an increase in cancer is not worth fashionable network tech investment. Just as you might think that this 5G thingy is a must have and totally safe, some people might think that 4G works just fine so let's not risk it. [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18355680 That’s OK as long as you don’t stage a coup to install 5G network, launch a smear campaign to discredit public figures, create a violent terrorist organization, build a lair and orchestrate covert take over of the institutions that deal with the issue :) Well, then you need to size the governance of an undemocratic country. It was on HN front page some time ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18355680 I think you should choose between not relying on average voters' perception of something and democracy because democracy is a popularity contest targeting the average voters who will choose their representatives according tho their perception of wildly diverse topics where even the best one cannot be well versed on more then few of those. I don't disagree on "how it should be" but there are no mechanics to enforce anything other than popularity and you don't get popular by saying things that people don't want to hear. That's how we got our bubbles in social media anyway. I guess if you still want to keep the democracy and have your 5G in Brussels you better convince enough Brusselians that the speed increase in networking is worth risking more cancer or that EM radiation definitely does not increase health risk.