Isn't #3 what your network is for? Wow, that was sobering. First program was a basic spaceship animation in the 80s. Whoa. Great post. Makes me want to bring these concepts to my CEOand work out our core and cultural competencies. Or, you could use a catch all email address to give every site their own unique email: sitename@yourdomain.com. More outlined here: http://www.mooreds.com/wordpress/archives/219 Then you know who is selling/losing your email address. And pipe those particular addresses to /dev/null Yup, I have had that happen more than once with my company address ( that is hosted with google apps). 17 bucks a month is expensive? I find olark to be inexpensive and effective. No I am not an employee, just a happy customer. Yes, I believe this is pretty much standard practice. Keeps Google from getting confused by duplicate content and sends all the juice from links to one url rather than two. I've found that joining clubs (either informal, like the climbing club I was a member of) or formal (like the Odd Fellows or Masons or Kiwanis) is a great way to meet friends. You still have to deal with the time issues, but at least you don't have tensions of work--and as a plus you get to meet people with different types of employment and age. However, the main issue is that when you are in college and your early 20s, you tend have gobs of time to make friends--once you hit a certain age (or marital status or child status) other activities come first. Might as well celebrate the closeness with your family or your work achievements as kvetch about the difficulty of making friends. I'm in my mid 30s. Yeah, and that's cross browser and available today, in contrast to some of the other CSS mentioned. Short term health insurance doesn't offer much protection, and most accelerators are aimed at a short term commitment. However, I'd think it would be great if an accelerator would act as an umbrella organization, letting startups buy cheaper health insurance while small, through aggregation, even after the initial accelerator commitment is done. Good reasons not to use it: * you are only interested in developing for one platform--ios. * you have obj c and any other language talent in house, but don't have c# talent * you need to use tons of custom native libraries that the framework doesn't have bindings for * you want to avoid vendor lockin So much of this depends on context, some of which you provided. What is your comfort level with these technologies? What would your effective rate be for each of the scenarios? Are there components or databases (sql server) that make particular tech choices more sensible? How much time to tear down and start anew? What pressures or deadlines are you facing from the business? I don't see anything in your explanation that would push my opinion one way or another, which means that you should probably take the long term view and do the rewrite. Here's a post about basics of job descriptions, but it also has some tips for a/b testing your hiring posts: http://katemats.com/benefits-job-description-prove-wrong/ Resumes are for chumps. Don't do it, spend the time getting to know the company you want to work for, or people you'd like to work with. Frankly, I don't want to compete on the basis of my resume! Keywords and biz speak are hard to avoid on these documents. And now that everyone can spray their resume at hiring managers without licking a stamp, sending in a resume really is a waste of time. It almost always has been that way, read 'What Color is Your Parachute' for a taste of job hunting over the past few decades. Get to know someone at the company, do a contract to hire, do a gig, volunteer with someone, even read and comment on a blog or twitter feed of someone in the company. All these are far more likely to lead to conversations that will let you know if you actually want to work there, and if you'll be a good fit. Can I ask what you use it for? Regression testing? A web directory? Here's a post about what data sources Apple is using: http://mobile.theverge.com/2012/6/11/3078987/apple-tomtom-op... I did the same thing, but it was a ticket to Australia and a work visa. One benefit of taking this kind of time off is that it lets you know what you truly love. After a few months of kicking around, reading books in parks, seeing sites and meeting some cool folks, I found myself reading web tech articles. That was an eye opener to me--"hey, I really like this career path!" I found it interesting that he barely touched what I feel is the most important part of freelancing: marketing. Yes, right now you can name your price if you are a good developer, but how do you show that, and how do you evaluate projects? (I know he touched on what kind of clients to keep.) When I freelanced, I evaluated clients on three criteria: * had I worked with them in the past? * did I know anyone who had worked with them in the past? * everyone else If I trusted them or people who had worked with them, it made the engagement easier all around (though you still need a contract!). As far as finding new clients, I relied on word of mouth, which probably didn't lead to as many opportunities as would have occurred if I was more active in various communities, but I was ok with that at the time. Also, I wonder what the author moved on to? Your story proves that sometimes you have to find a bigger crowd and/or a different approach, not that crowd sourcing sucks. Either way, nice work! Hmmm. Interesting post. I might say that the closer community members are, the more the reward or incentive is getting to know the other members rather than fame or money. After all, that is the reward for interacting with offline communities based on close ties like family. Well, except for interactions with that rich uncle /sarcasm. Or, an equivalent statement, if the love you have for the folks is strong enough to survive through the crises. It's easy to love folks when everything is going swimmingly. (BTW, I have no idea what crises, if any, the author and their company have gone through. Maybe that'd be a good post for them?) Go to a meetup in your area. Go to a bunch, in fact. Some focusing on an industry you'd like to freelance for, some focusing on a technology you are familiar with. Talk to people at said meetups. When you find someone looking for what you are offering, do a small project with them. That lowers risk for you and for them. Make sure you have a written contract and set of requirements, and that you know if you are billing hourly or per project. Wash, rinse, repeat. I'd stay away from odesk/elance because you'll be competing on price. I met one client from Craigslist, so you could check there, but I'd limit it to your area, because face to face communication is important. Especially for your first couple of contracts. Also, I'd look for a more senior freelancer to take to coffee for advice on this kind of stuff. You are correct, it is a correlation, not a causation. I think I mentioned that in the disclaimers. It is really hard to control for all the variables (price, motivation of seller, location, who the listing agent knows, what style of home is hot), but all other things being equal, it's better to have more photos for a listing. In fact, since it is one of the easiest things to control (it's a lot easier to snap 25 photos than change the price point of a house) I'd argue it is one of the things home sellers should expect. Would love to hear your suggestions on making this more rigorous. Off the top of my head, it'd be interesting to list a set of same homes twice, once with few photos and once with many photos, and see what the difference in response was. Unfortunately, that is a bit beyond my scope for the time being. Thanks for the joke! I appreciate your comments. I like the idea of option number two, because it still gets to the end goal--a sale. It'd be a bigger project than I want to take on, though. Option number three gauges interest in a scientific manner, but assumes that interest is a valid proxy for the end goal of a sale. I'm not sure how true that assumption is. I've window shopped homes that I had no intention (nor capability) of buying. My employer one had a record day because one of the homes on the site was a football player's and had gotten mentioned in an ESPN blog. In both cases, interest was only vaguely related to purchase capability. Testing all the way to the end of the funnel (home sale) is key, and difficult. This article is from 2009. Here is a TED talk by Sadoway from 2012, if you want a more recent look at the technology: http://www.ted.com/talks/donald_sadoway_the_missing_link_to_... Is open source software a complementary good or a substitute good for developer labor? I think the answer is that it tends to be a complementary good, driving demand for developer labor. Apache, mysql, ror, etc, let more of a company's software budget be paid to labor than would have happened with Netscape server, oracle or some costly 4gl language. There are times when it is a plain substitute, especially when combined with that mechanic you speak of. See http://mikecr.it/ramblings/drupals-golden-handcuffs for more on that. More on complementary and substitute goods: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/StrategyLetterV.html It is interesting that they are looking for someone who can complete an entire product cycle. Maybe looking for flexibility, if they are a consulting shop? Or seniority--someone who can do all that has been around the block? Or maybe they are such a small shop they can't afford specialists? I have been in this full lifecycle role almost my entire career, often as a consultant, and it has benefits and downsides. You are always learning something new and have a wide view of the software world, as well as the ability to really dig into new toes of problems. But sometimes you feel a mile wide and an inch deep. Good points about programmer value, but it's not clear why the author thinks they are underpaid. A reverse caller id app like NumberGuru might be a good idea too. At the end of the post, the advice is "Just pick something and see how far you can get with it." I have to disagree. I wouldn't point anyone who is non technical towards a language that is not memory managed, nor would I point them to a non mainstream language. Why point them to a language where they have to worry about memory allocation. While it is important to understand eventually, for most beginners it is a needless complication and chance to shoot yourself in the foot. Why point them to a non mainstream language whe the number of tutorials, forums and ore resources for help are plentiful with a more popular language. There is tremendous value in learning languages that are wildly different, but for starters, one with lots of support is the best option. Here's a nice post about programming language popularity: http://redmonk.com/sogrady/2012/09/12/language-rankings-9-12... . The languages I would recommend would be in the upper right corner of the graph. Finally, and most important, what did the beginner want to do? If they wanted to write an excel plugin, steering them to objective C would be a disservice, and if they wanted to build a webpage, choosing something like vb would be a bad idea as well. I agree. The data is not the best, but having some data is better than none, as long as the graph is taken with a grain of salt. Great post. I have had several family members and work colleagues get burned by partnerships, but can point to one or two successful pairings. I wondered what the deal was. You present a compelling thesis, and I look forward to finding out what they (the successful partners) think of it. It would have been a stronger article if you could have talked about methods to keep values in sync. That's an interesting point. The way to combat that is with long term relationships. For example, I work as a software developer for a real estate brokerage, and have mentioned the sell side realtor scenario you bring up. The answer is always: yes, it is in the short term interest of the realtor to take the first offer. But in the long term (as they screw more and more people) they will be hurt by this behavior. In fact, there is long term incentive (because, in the US at least, people buy and sell homes multiple times over a lifetime) to get the best deal for the seller, so that they will: * refer the realtor * use the realtor again To bring it back to recruiting, if you had a relationship with the recruiter, and they knew you were going to go back to them in 1 or 5 years when you were ready to move on to your next job, they would have a rational interest in finding you the right job (and the same interests hold true if employers have a relationship with the recruiter). This relationship, if it exists, really turns the recruiter into a headhunter. (Aside, here's my favorite headhunter/recruiting information source: http://asktheheadhunter.com/ ) I found the article interesting because he was talking about how mobile distractions could be better managed: "Now, I’d love for there to be a way for me to know about high priority interrupts – things that actually are urgent. But my iPhone doesn’t do this at all in any discernable way. There are too many different channels to reach me and they aren’t effectively conditioned – I either have to open them up to everyone (e.g. txtmsg via my phone number) or convince people to use a specific piece of software – many, such as Glassboard – which are very good, but do require intentional behavior on both sides." Again, not rocket science, but considering on the production side there are many folks jockeying for attention on your mobile device (download my app, use my app) it is interesting to hear from someone who funds some of those companies that a break is needed. I for one will be interested to follow along as he tries other methods to increase effectiveness of the immediacy of his smartphone "interrupts". I think this is a great idea, though I would have loved for the article to be more in depth and actually had some quotes from one of the 5 teams that have been greenlighted. Autonomy at work can be so very precious. I don't know what kind of programmer I am, but I do know that most of my leaps in productivity come from three sources (I am a web developer): * experience * really understanding what the client or business needs, so I don't spend my time building something that doesn't meet the needs of the user * finding a tool or library that gets 80-100% of the job done rather than me writing the code (my favorite scenario!) I believe there are many domains where the above factors are enough to make you a great developer, though perhaps not a 1000x dev. I ran into many of the same issues, and my company is based in the USA and I was able to get a DUNS number fairly easily. I contrasted this with my experience with google play here: http://www.mooreds.com/wordpress/archives/890 I don't know why Apple makes getting an account so difficult.... Perhaps to filter out fly bynight mobile app developers? I would. it is tedious and time consuming, but not necessarily a lot of effort. Just, as some of the comments imply, a lot of waiting. I can't see it hurting anything, as long as you have the time to fill out a silly form a couple of times. I have an iPad and love it, but haven't bought a single app for it. Sure I use some free apps, bit what is the single most used app? Safari, for, wait for it, browsing the web. It will be interesting to see how today's kids get into content generation with less keyboard experience and I do believe that tablets will rose over huge chunks of the internet user experience--it is just too easy to consume content using one. But the end the open web of google and web search? And the rise of the special purpose app for everything? I don't think so. Not as long as tablets ship with standards compliant browsers. As always, the answer is "it depends". What is your market? Who are your users? It is better to start with the market and problem you want to address, then find out what kind of platforms they possess (and plan to continue to possess) and build for that platform, than to start from the technology side. By "works", I think you mean "brings in more revenue than it costs" aka is profitable. But I think the author brings up a point that it may be hurting the brand unknowingly. just because you can put someone on an email campaign for years because it is super cheap, doesn't mean you are conveying your message well or building a loyal customer. And don't get me started on list sharing. My company uses Olark and loves the integration with gchat. As a developer, I like the Olark API: http://www.olark.com/documentation Hmmm... I don't think that the $50 is going to the hacker. I think that is just the fee for GetHacker to connect the project owner with a developer. See the 'get to work' bubble on the homepage: "Once a project owner decides to pick you for their project, we'll connect you both via e-mail. The GetHacker process is over, and you both can take it from there." which implies that once a match has been made, there may be further negotiation, but it won't be facilitated by GetHacker. To say nothing of running development code against a production database. If there were only two junior folks, what were the senior folks doing? What I think is fascinating is not Ang Lee's determination to last those 6 years, thought that is impressive. It is that his wife and family supported him for all those years (granted, it seems he was providing childcare). And believed in him, to the point of scolding him when he considered switching to a more immediately lucrative career. We should all be so generous to our partners. This just a corollary of the fact that has led some to propose a financial transaction tax: that the stock markets, which used to be focused on providing capital to companies, are now focused on betting faster and with more borrowed money. Hi, Here's more information about the rights of US citizens: http://www.aclu.org/drug-law-reform-immigrants-rights-racial... (I know the ACLU can be biased in their views on constitutional questions, but think the answer truthful.) In general, you don't have to answer questions about your immigration status, though, as the link notes, different "rules apply at international borders and airports, and for individuals on certain nonimmigrant visas, including tourists and business travelers." I agree that it makes sense for Amazon to charge for 3G downloads (at least, at a certain size), but it is counter productive for authors to be incented to publish crappy images. My favorite way to comment the why is to put in a URL to an external bug tracker or wiki. This means more work for the reader, but can really show the back and forth over why a decision was made. I've come across comments like this in code I wrote years ago and being able to quickly review the logic helps tremendously. It's more than just finding your weak points, it's about creative solution finding that resonates with both parties. If Brenda had offered the author unlimited mountain biking time, the author might have left the station. A lower headline number is nice, but the real question is, where is the u-6 rate going? http://www.bls.gov/news.release/empsit.t15.htm Is it better to have access to 50% of talent or 100% of talent? Some startups are 'willing' to hire whoever is best for the job but have invisible (to them) obstacles that may prevent them from doing so. I thought the article explained some of those obstacles well. What a great great post. Sorry, no witty comments to add. Will blogger stop supporting RSS? And the nice thing about gmail is that, if you had to move off of it, you could (as long as they keep the imap interface around: http://webapps.stackexchange.com/questions/417/export-gmail-... ). There may be no feature complete alternatives, but there sure are a lot of email readers out there if you had to move off of it. My understanding is that there are saved stories and meta data that you can't export from google reader (mostly based on comments on this thread https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5371725 because I don't use Google Reader and never have). Is my supposition incorrect? Having this kind of experience gives you a tremendous amount of perspective that it is hard to get in any other way. I figure he'll either come back even more passionately engaged in his development career, or take a right turn into a different direction. Either way is fine, of course--the important part is having the perspective and distance to choose wisely. I agree. Here are two (old) essays that really sum up this argument for me: How Microsoft lost the API war: http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/APIWar.html and The Location Field Is the New Command Line: http://daringfireball.net/2004/06/location_field Note that both of these articles kvetch about user experience and how the web simply can't compare to native apps, but emphasize that the ease of deployment matters more. Also, note that the app store model obviates some of the deployment difficulties of native apps and makes it almost as easy to install native apps on the phone as it is to visit a web page. What is your definition of 'best'? Unfortunately, this argument (which tends to imply technical excellence should trump all other factors in the success of a technology) has been used in technology for a long time, but frankly, in the end doesn't matter. Ask Betamax, OS/2, etc, etc. Sorry, didn't see it up on the front page. I was actually surprised when the submission went through, this seems like a hackernews dream project (js + git + open source + crowdfunding). He might have misestimated the project scope, so there is still that risk (and perhaps that pads the number?). It's not clear to me what he'd do if it took longer than he thought (return money, finish on his own time, go back to the well for more support)? Wow, full of great advice. The biggest one for me is: acknowledge applicants. I've hired and know what a hassle it can be, but use a system, and respond to everyone. Set deadlines, and if you miss them, acknowledge that. Look, this is a possible team member--why would they believe you'll treat them with respect when they are employees if you don't treat them with respect when they aren't? Basically, it's the golden rule. It's not hard! Or thinking of a friend who might be a better fit for a position, or trying your product/service, or recommending your product/service, etc. The dividends of being kind and humane are pretty amazing. As a tech person involved in a small company (not a startup), I can vouch for this reality, because I see it every day. The tech I bring to the table is very helpful, but the service side of the business is core. There are tons (tons!) of businesses out there that can be made to scale, optimized or otherwise improved through technology, but can be proven out with nothing more than a wordpress blog (or other free, non-custom infrastructure). Definitely. All too often, I'm into building what can be bought (often bought for $0). I'm a developer because building stuff is fun, but it isn't always the right choice for the business. Right. The good agents think long term, not about selling you a house in a month instead of three to get a quick commission. Like any sales job with the possibility of repeat business, the commission matters, but so does the relationship. Disclaimer--I work as a software dev for a real estate brokerage. That said, I've spent some time thinking about whether just changing the laws would have an impact. I think the issue is bigger than this. I think that there are lots of marketplaces have sprung up via the internet, but as far as I know, the significant ones all offer products that have one of these characteristics: * the consumer buys them often [for some definition of often] (airplane tickets) * the product is fungible (books, cars) * the product is relatively cheap (stuff sold on ebay, amazon) All of these characteristics lower the risk of purchase. Housing has none of these characteristics. And I don't know how it could, short of a real manufacturing revolution or more houses built out of shipping containers. I had this exact same pattern for a while! It sounds to me like contracting is worth exploring. When I contracted (for about 7 years), I was exposed to new technologies and business domains every couple of months. I fondly remember about 2 weeks into every contract there was an 'oh sh*t' moment where I realized I was in over my head and running to keep ahead of what the client needed. Of course, that was nicely counterbalanced by the 'aaah' moment about 6 weeks in when things were finally jelling. (I mostly worked on custom web applications and ecommerce and made a decent living working 30 hours a week.) If you pursue this path, you might want to consider going out on your own as a single person consulting company, rather than going through a contracting company. You'll have more control, though less security, and will have a wider scope of project domains. That said, if you are interested in certain types of projects (J2EE, big data) you might find it hard to contract as a one person show. Of course, I don't know what your financial situation is, but if you pursue this, I'd start going to meetups, have about a year of expenses saved in the bank, and read a couple of good books like this one: http://www.amazon.com/The-Secrets-Consulting-Getting-Success... and this one: http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/027363707X/002... That was an awesome answer. Sometimes constraints clear our thinking, other times we can focus on them to our detriment. I think the how is 'move closer to work', because unless both your home and your work are next to public transit stops, an hour or two commute pretty much requires a car. What a fantastic business model, relying on the misunderstanding of your customers. Does it make sense to look at the linked in API http://developer.linkedin.com/apis and build useful tools on top of the data? Not sure what the monetization strategy would be, or whether it'd be a TOS violation, but some of the features mentioned in the article would be great to have. Anyone know of example of some really big awk apps? The idea of plugging c extensions into gawk is both intriguing and slightly terrifying. Uh, how about having an open conversation between employer and employee on how to foster the employee's growth within the company? I've only worked for a few companies, but when I was hired as a full time employee, there was no expectation I'd be doing the same job forever . If anything, there was an expectation that I'd grow in role and responsibility. Now, being a contractor is different--in that case you typically are hired to perform specific duties, and if the duties change, the contract should be updated to reflect that. Some of the other issues I can see from following Rick's approach): * short termism, especially as you get to the end of your working period * loss of good people as they move on after you fire them * workforce ridigity ("I wasn't hired for that") In short, I appreciate the provocative nature of the post, but see some real fundamental problems in his solution. I think it is great to see some reflection happening in the eclipse community. It's a hallmark of a vibrant open source community. The next question is, what will come out of the reflection? Right. But such understanding will be slow at first, only performing better after years of optimization. We have faced some of the same issues. The app store just isn't as wide open as the web, so smaller players (or those late to the game) don't have the same opportunities. And I need to get stuff done, and learning a new [language/framework/shiny object] isn't always the fastest way of getting stuff done. It is better to be an expert in a few languages rather than a dilettante in many. Of course, the best of all possible worlds is to be an expert in many languages, but that often requires time that gets in the way of 'getting stuff done'. Internship programs also fulfill a similar purpose. See http://www.inc.com/magazine/20070501/column-guest.html for more. Hmmm... I love the idea of planting lots and seeing what makes it--there' just a money/time investment that makes me hesitate (again, "just do it", right?). And what if you plant an invasive perennial? Another similarity is compounding returns, both in terms of skills and 'on the ground knowledge'--the garden you have this year is the sum total of your efforts for previous years as well as your knowledge (unless you move). I think of a 4 hour commute as (at least) a 33% pay cut. Unless you're getting paid to commute. Thanks for the suggestions. The older I get, the more time is my limiting factor, rather than money. I have an guess... was the company in finance? I was an active member of CS in 2004-2005. Never surfed, hosted only once. It was a fine site, so I was sad to read that it had degraded. Here's an undocumented API for 'The Nest' thermostat: http://www.wiredprairie.us/blog/index.php/archives/1442 A quick look at programmable web turns up this... https://xively.com/ You could look at Zoho: http://www.zoho.com/productivity-apps.html That is the only alternative I know. This is a fundamental problem of our time. Perhaps the fundamental problem. I will be interested to see if there's editorial consistency between the books and between the years. That seems like it'd be a lot easier to achieve if there was one voice behind each book. On the other hand, it's not like these guides are novels, so maybe it doesn't matter as much. Absolutely. How many people do a survey of these types of tools, let alone work deeply enough with a number of them to know the warts? I've been in the position to choose bug trackers for two companies I've worked for, and I still don't feel competent to vote. Do you have any links to suggested style guides? Google returns this: http://docs.scala-lang.org/style/ or this: http://davetron5000.github.io/scala-style/index.html but do you have any that you'd recommend? I think the dual license model would have some revenue, because businesses are willing to pay money to make money. I say this as someone who paid for an open source developer to enhance a project. I won't speak for Gexla, but from my experience getting into 'PHP' is far different than getting into 'Wordpress' or 'Drupal'. Unless you are subbing for another software dev, most clients don't care about the language, they care about what business value the software will deliver. For SMEs, I don't think there's any ecosystem out there that compares with Wordpress or Drupal in availability of talent (keeping prices reasonable) and free functionality (making it possible to build a very full featured site quickly). To answer your question directly, I had a couple of years of Java when I did a PHP project (a CRUD system for my book club) and it probably took a few weeks. But I've also worked with Drupal and Wordpress and those take longer to get your head around (Wordpress to a lesser extent)--there are lots of moving pieces, and you have to try multiple plugins to know what will work (and the codebase moves quickly too). I'd budget two months for Drupal, six weeks for Wordpress, and I'd start out with simpler site proposals. OP, keep in mind that this type of work (copywriting, sales, business) is a different kind of fun than coding. Still fun, just different. From your Ask HN text, it does seem like this might be more up your alley, though. Yes, just like twitter/FB/new shiny thing, everything should be a spoke pointing back to the hub, a host (or at the least a domain) that you pay for, and therefore control. You could make the same claim about email. What happens if/when gmail starts charging? All the folks who are using google apps can move, but the people with gmail accounts have fewer (no?) options. Thanks. I am actually looking for something that tweets from my account whenevr I post to hackernews.... to save me the trouble of posting twice. From my friend who is a patent examiner: "The Mexican standoff bit would be neat. The AIA allows for third-party submissions directly into the patent application file. I am not sure that any of the larger companies would do this, but I think a devoted engineer in some of the smaller companies could use askpatents to stave off predatory patents." The tweet is now deleted. It was even more interesting to me as a set of 'canaries in a coal mine'. If you are working for a company and start to see many, or one, of these patterns, it should serve as awake up call. Move on or don't, but be aware of the corporate behavior. This is a great model, especially for underserved rural areas. I wonder if the telcos opposed it. I think that having the context to recognize a problem and solve it at a meta level means, almost by definition, that you aren't a "festering pile of shit as a programmer". Programming isn't just about writing great code, it's about solving problems. Sure, one problem to solve is having code be extensible/maintainable, but it isn't the only one. I don't care what shiny new code is written with the latest framework; if it doesn't solve a business problem, it's bad code. I found it to be interesting as well. Just anecodata, but my wife and I (I'm a dude) talk about her imposter syndrome all the time. I have it, but don't talk about it much. I used this when creating a farm share timeline: http://coloradocsas.info/pages/farm_share_timeline It was an extremely easy way to put together a very professional looking user interface. I especially love the google spreadsheets integration, which make managing the data for the timeline trivial. Highly recommended! I'm glad someone mentioned this! From http://web.nvd.nist.gov/view/vuln/detail?vulnId=CVE-2013-246... "Applies to client deployment of Java only. This vulnerability can be exploited only through sandboxed Java Web Start applications and sandboxed Java applets." Agreed. We had a summer intern who is a CS major. There were a multitude of things that he had little to no experience in that are fundamental pieces of software engineering (things like version control, deployment environments, bug tracking, testing, DRY, etc). He was a smart guy so he picked things up, but would be great to have an academic grounding for this. I saw something similar at the grad level: http://ecee.colorado.edu/~swengctf/ but haven't heard of any undergrad programs. It can be easy to pick up side gigs building brochure ware websites for companies. Just approach a business that doesn't have a website that should (coffee shop, CPA, doctor, etc, etc) and tell them you can build them one. You'll need to be persistent, though. If you are ambitious, you can turn those into recurring revenue by reselling hosting--I haven't done that because I don't want to be on the hook for down websites. Make sure you check with your employer and get written confirmation that this is OK. Seems like bad karma to me. What a great idea! I haven't done the 'sign up for everything' piece, but my wife and I have made a conscious effort to minimize what we post about our daughter online. We don't refer to her by name, we don't tag her in photos, we minimize photos of her. Now, we both have active online lives, so we talk about her online, but hopefully in a respectful manner. Sometimes it is really hard to resist sharing that cute photo, simply because sites, FB in particular, make sharing so easy, but I think we've found a path that works for us. I think a lot of parents, especially less privacy aware and/or tech savvy ones, are not aware of what they are doing for their kids when they post photos online. (Just as few non technical folks I have talked to know that the links at the top of Google search results are ads.) They just want to share information (mostly pictures) with friends and families. As of May 2012, 60% of developers didn't break even. http://arstechnica.com/apple/2012/05/ios-app-success-is-a-lo... What I took from the piece is that Android is far more developer friendly in terms of ease of development, deployment to devices for testing, and releasing. Whether that is enough to make it a 'better' platform depends on what your needs are. If I were doing a mobile startup and needed fast feedback on devices, Android's fast turnaround sure would be interesting. Not the deciding factor, but definitely a check in the Android column. This, so much. It really does feel a lot like the Mac vs PC wars again. I just wonder if Apple can learn from their mistakes in the 80s. Perhaps they are, and are trying to avoid the fate of 1990s Apple with some of the strategies mentioned in other comments. My takeaway from the article was that the cognitive overload of being in a new environment was at least as big a factor in not being able to handle meaningful work (that is to say, challenging work that forces you to grow) as the logistics. But what you suggest has merit and I'd be interested to hear what the nomads' take on it is. This is why government funding of science is so important. The government funds long term projects that couldn't possibly be 'brought to market' by a private company: weather data, gps, even that old chestnut, the internet, the postal service. The timeframe is too long, so we collectively decide to pay for basic research with the understanding that some chunk of it might be useful at some time. Basic science is not an activity that jives well with the profit motive (again, because of the long time frames), yet it is a required foundation for the 'value add' products that companies are good at bringing to market. So, the question is, do we want to continue to invest in long term thinking via the government? Do we want to structure other institutions (foundations, corporations, non profits, universities) in such a way they have an incentive to undertake long term projects? Can we have individuals take part in this? Do we want to abandon big projects with uncertain return? If someone is working a full time job (the currently employed are definitely targeted in the article), and are 'experienced'/older, and thus more likely to have other demands on their time like wife/kids, contracting, even in off hours, becomes more difficult. It won't be impossible to 'audition' but it will definitely be tougher. (To say nothing of the intellectual property issues if the possible employee is in a related field and the employer is peeved at them leaving.) If I was at a stable, good job, and wasn't looking, and someone was trying to poach me with the siren call of 'contract to hire' or 'work this weekend', well, it'd be an uphill battle for the poacher. Maybe that's why I'm not in the Bay area, working for a startup :). Upvote, since this account says they are the 'Cofounder [of] DigitalOcean.com'. I think the author had some valid points, but a better title would be "Mobile Innovation in Hardware is Over, for a while". There's still oodles and oodles of innovation to happen in software, both on the phone itself, and using the phone on a network. It's OK for hardware to become more commoditized and 'meh'--frees up more time and energy for the software side of the house. I agree. I am not sure exactly what the poster was trying to tackle, but a CS degree can be overkill for a developer. I think that good employers want their employees to enjoy their jobs (and hence, have some 'fun'). I manage a few folks, and want them to enjoy their work. Of course, it's not all sunshine and puppies--there's grunt work that just has to get done, and everyone takes their share. Crappy employers of programmers just want to exploit employees, just like crappy employers of other kinds of workers. Technorati does this: http://technorati.com/search?return=sites&authority=all&q=be... It only catalogs blogs, as far as I know. When I was a freelance web dev, my first client was a former colleague. I have a friend who talks about the flywheel model of learning. If, every day, you spend even 15 minutes towards your goal of what have you (aka, add even a little momentum to your flywheel), at the end of a year, you will have a lot of knowledge. Hmm... I guess I'd say half assing your way through beginner tutorials is better than doing nothing (if it is on the path to your goal). That said, flywheels are slow to start up, and you can't expect to do one or two or ten tutorials and have it spinning fast. As Aristotle said: "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." I agree, this is great. I run a small team and the author just summed up what I try to convey to everyone on the team. I just emailed it off to everyone. I prefer to walk around aimlessly, but I agree--sometimes just distracting yourself for a bit does wonders. Fire the difficult clients. That is, finish your current project as best you can and don't take on new work with them. There are a lot of good clients out there hungry for good work and working relationships--don't spend more time with bad clients than you have to. I would look at characteristics of the clients you like working with and see if you can find other clients like them. Are they technical? Non technical? Focused on a certain aspect of the niche? What kinds of problems do they have? Anything that will act as a filter so you take work from clients that have a high chance of being good ones. As far as expanding to other areas of development, if there are adjacent areas available (for example, using CakePHP if you are already using Symphony, or trying Alfresco if you already do Documentum) it might make sense to investigate and do a trial project in them. Looking at your profile, it looks like you do interesting stuff. Not sure what industries you target (because it isn't outlined on your site), but you could definitely evaluate industries that have 'hard problems' (and money--don't forget the money). I think that there are two ideas worth separating in this post. 1. Having ready beer (a keg) available in a work setting can cause issues. Ready alcohol impairs judgement and blurs boundaries. 2. Having Friday afternoon beers (or any other kind of gathering) can be beneficial to company bonding and communication. Frankly, I don't care if it is ice cream (as suggested in the comments), beer, weekly lunches, or kite flying--I want a regular low pressure social atmosphere for a) getting to know my team mates and b) exchanging work ideas in an informal cross department setting. I think having types of events outlined in point 2 is beneficial to everyone in the company. Disclaimer--I work in a small company that does Friday afternoon beers, but we are not a startup. I read the article and kept hearing echos of the Microsoft strategy of the 90s as well. History may not repeat, but it rhymes. The article was pointing out how Google is moving more and more functionality from open source to closed source. So, one way to counter that would be to augment the "traditional AOSP service with improved functionality", but license the code as open source. The service endpoints can certainly be closed, but the code to access those endpoints could be open. And the license to use those endpoints could be open source friendly. Now, that may not be a good business decision, but it certainly counters the argument of the post. An aside: I appreciate what google is doing to fight Android fragmentation, but also see some of the tactics as anti-competitive. Technically, yes. You just have to know what to buy and how to price what you are selling. ("Oh, is that all?" says the broker who makes a living doing this. :) ) I had a friend who made decent money going to physical auctions and taking the items he bought and putting them on ebay (this was about a decade ago). Arbitrage is here to stay. Here's a chestnut from over a decade ago that spells it out in black and white: Are you Amazon or are you Ben and Jerry's? http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000056.html What are the three businesses you think Google has "locked up"? I wonder who will be responsible for maintaining the streets? My guess is that will still fall on the city of Detroit (because the farm is paying taxes). A novel by Kurt Vonnegut: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Player_Piano_%28novel%29 (for those of us not in the know). I'm interested in the fact that most of the discussion has centered around the possibility of Watson and other expert systems doing what is outlined in the article, rather than the societal ramifications mentioned (~70% "full" employment). Perhaps I'm a luddite, but I wonder if this time it really "is different" or if we'll discover new ways to put human labor to work, just as we did when farmers left the land or when services overtook manufacturing as the primary sector creating jobs (in the developed world, at least). If someone can afford a product, but isn't willing to, then they should look elsewhere for the value provided by the product, or live without it. That's embedded in the definition of a market--sellers get to choose the price, buyers get to choose whether or not to buy. Sure, I agree. Not all markets meet the concept of 'free'. But distrokid is competing in a market that is pretty close (helping musicians distribute music to services). Fair enough. But even in negotiated transactions, the seller sets the final price that they will or won't accept. What version of java does it handle? Does it support java.lang.*? What other standard libraries? Right. There's a difference between 'not interested in the twitter IPO' and 'not interested in twitter'. During the Colorado floods, twitter was my go to source for news, and I think it is fantastic for that purpose. There are at least a few other use cases. Wow. If that doesn't scream "broken system!", I don't what does. Hy HOA (not in Nevada) has this exact same clause, and when I read about this, I wondered what his HOA would say. If I were an HOA, I'd be pretty concerned about AirBNB. A good look, and I enjoyed the mea culpa. Good on ya! That would be pretty cool as a user (drinker?), but I don't see the ROI for the brewery. I don't often pull out the old pen and paper and write a thank you note. This comment reminds me I should. Practicing gratitude on your own is great, but what a gift to light up someone else's day. "If the Internet has done anything successfully, it has drastically eroded much of our common courtesy and etiquette." Is that a good thing or a bad thing? Well, sure, they'd get business--that's the benefit. But how easy is it to tie into twitter and a payment system? That'd be the cost. Starbucks can distribute such costs (which may not be fixed, but certainly won't grow linearly) across a larger number of stores than your local brewhouse can. And all you have to do to get these benefits is somehow integrate with twitter and a payment system. Which might be a tall order for a local brewery. (Or is that easier to do than I think?) I'm not sure that looking at a complex system like the US economy and focusing on one aspect of federal regulation is useful in determining the cause of the s&p500 rise. Ah, wow, that will be very challenging to post some json. Hmmmm... 'man curl'. Yup. I mean, this is an interesting idea that will keep out the folks who don't know how to search SO, but that's about it. Plenty of other riffraff will be able to 'apply'. (Heck I might even be able to figure it out.) I wondered about that too--I didn't see any mention of any software testing. Definitely user/outcome testing, but no unit tests or functional tests were mentioned. Wow. This is a great question. Not just for interviewers, though. I manage a small team and was wondering what I would say if asked this question--probably that our pain points are our server hardware/software, which are a bit, shall we say, "antique". Some of the other pain points fall out of that one. I picked it up in Boulder a number of times. Print was nice for all the reasons that any printed newspaper is nice--browsability, crosstalk between stories, portability, no power/screen required. Bummer that they had to cease print. But if it wasn't sustainable, it wasn't sustainable. Just curious, have you been a manager? I only ask because when I was younger and hadn't been a manager, I would have thought the same exact thing (I remember dismissing managers as "shiny shoes"). Now that I do manage, I realize the multiple tensions and forces pulling and pushing on managers. Some of them include: making employees happy, hitting targets they've committed to, doing their own work, and interacting with peers to move the company forward. If you have been a manager, I'd be interested to hear how you felt about "exist[ing] only to serve those above" you. Seems like a pretty tough existence. Did you get dinged, or did you avoid a company that would have been a bad fit? I think it is OK to ask 'where would I be working? I find I'm most productive in quieter settings?' Any interviewer that is offended by this seems like they work for a company worth avoiding. Agreed, but limiting the human element (as opposed to 'drastically limiting') can lead to better productivity. But most developers work better in offices with doors that shut (at least according to what I remember of Peopleware [ http://www.amazon.com/Peopleware-Productive-Projects-Second-... ], though that was published before IM was everywhere). So I think acknowledging that you work better with quiet, and framing it as 'I want to be as effective as I can', is fine. It can even open up a discussion on true effectiveness--if I am writing tons of great code because it is quiet, but you could have saved me 8 hours of code writing because of a library you know about or wrote, am I as effective as I could be (no). This is the quiet end of the spectrum. The loud end is the bullpen with no headphones, where it can be very difficult to think. My favorite technique for working the room: "So, what do you do ... for fun." I find that talking about what people do for fun is much more interesting than what they do for work. And if the person is interesting, it might come back around to work anyway. My favorite technique for exiting a conversation is the old chestnut of "I need to refill my drink." Easy peasy. I'm 36. A book list application I wrote in spring of 2003 to learn php is still online (I host it). I wrote some java applets (demoing the half life of radiation) in the summer of 1998, but couldn't track them down. Terrifying. But inspiring too. I rode by a homeless person on the way to work today. This reminds me "there, but for the grace of God, go I". (Substitute whatever you like for the god word: fate, karma, etc.) Sometimes it is good to be reminded that sometimes sh*t just happens. (And I know, he could have done things differently in terms of life choices, but he also had some really poor luck.) Well, they still have an API: http://priceonomics.com/api/ Marriage isn't easy, and we have no idea what is being glossed over in this excerpt. We don't even know if his family was supporting him in other ways (meals/doctor's appointments when he visited, money sent, etc). It'd be interested to read the book and see just how 'casual' the wife's departure was--I'm guessing after 8 kids it wasn't. I love this author. This is a must read for non technical folks who interact with technology. tl;dr: if companies know that they are going to miss quality candidates with a code challenge, and are ok with that, it's ok to have one. If candidates are ok with giving some companies the miss because they won't put up with a challenge, that's ok too. And code challenges are good for some types of positions and not others. I agree that companies are excluding people such as yourself with these coding challenges. That's their right, just as it is your right to not apply to any companies that require such challenges. If someone is finding good candidates with a coding challenge, that's great. If someone is finding good jobs while avoiding coding challenges, that's great too. I will say that there's some nuance implied in your comment that simply isn't present in any of the github/coding challenge blog posts that have popped up on HN over the last few days. Whether a coding challenge is appropriate doesn't just depend on the company or the candidate--it also depends on the position! It's far easier to test junior/mid level skills than senior skills in a 1-2 hour task. Geez, some of the skills you mention above would be hard to test in a 1-2 day task. When you are looking for esoteric, softer, or more senior skills (requirements gathering, or architecture), you need other ways of evaluating candidates beyond a code challenge. Things like what you suggest: conversations, references, etc. Of course, there are some "senior" folks out there who aren't great coders even though they talk a good game, and if coding is what the position requires, a code challenge is fine. I would look at this exhaustive list of revenue models and see if you can find a company that does something similar to what you're contemplating. https://hackpad.com/Web-and-Mobile-Revenue-Models-Ch2paBpUyI... There are any number of things you can charge for with an open source project: commercial use licensing, documentation, support, advanced features, implementation consulting. I'm the OP. The original title of the submission was 'A list of web and mobile revenue models', but the title of the page is 'Web and revenue models', so maybe the moderators thought the latter was more accurate? Here are some posts that provide analysis: http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2012/12/mba-mondays-revenue-models.h... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2012/12/mba-mondays-revenue-models-a... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2012/12/mba-mondays-revenue-models-c... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2013/01/mba-mondays-revenue-models-s... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2013/01/mba-mondays-revenue-models-p... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2013/01/mba-mondays-revenue-models-t... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2013/01/mba-mondays-revenue-models-l... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2013/02/mba-mondays-revenue-models-d... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2013/02/mba-mondays-revenue-models-m... http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2013/02/mba-mondays-revenue-models-g... They are all worth a read. One of my coworkers turned me on to vagrant. I set up virtualbox manually once, and vagrant seems far superior. The biggest issue for me is that I have some largish databases I need to be loaded as part of the vagrant install, and these are a pain to distribute. The best solution I have come up with is an external drive. I would love to hear Mike Rowe's reply to this. His answers had plenty of anecdotes, as did this article. My question is, where's the data? Are these the us labor stats that you are referring to? http://www.bls.gov/iag/tgs/iag23.htm . Because, if so, it seems they paint a more nuanced picture than either side (shocker!). There are plenty of openings (113k), but the median pay is in the 40k/year range, not 55k starting mentioned. The unemployment rate is also higher than the national average. Not a bad career, but hardly the land of milk and honey. "...because you know when people get to the end there's always the brick." Chilling. Well, there's a rising number of for profit schools and colleges. These are different in that they still get government funding but are run by private companies (as opposed to private schools, which are funded by tuition). http://chronicle.com/article/Annual-Portrait-of-Education/12... But are profits the best way to measure a "quality product" when it comes to something like education? I would argue not, or at least that externalized costs need to be internalized somehow (regulation or taxation are the typical means). That is to say, if we have for profit public schools, I'd want their profits to be tied to the long term effects of results of their students, not to yearly test scores. Re 1860-1920, have you heard of the railroad land grants? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pacific_Railroad_Acts These were tremendous gifts to private companies to induce investment in what was one of the high tech industries of the time. Well, it happens on both sides in the USA all the time. Plenty of violence to go around over here. Great advice, but: "- Talk as little as possible. Even if you have a very transparent, honest relationship with you boss. If your boss might find detrimental you to have a startup, don't talk at all." I think it is better to talk about the possibility of a startup on your own time during the interview process. This has the side effect of filtering out jobs with controlling bosses. (You may not have this luxury, though.) Our tech agreement lets someone list a set of technologies they own that they are bringing with them, and explicitly renounces the company's ownership of them. It's also useful to understand and review any agreements you sign when accepting employment. I have a side project that I told my boss about when accepting employment. And I started another one while employed. I guess it depends on whether you think forgiveness is better than permission, and how your boss is, but as a manager I would rather know someone has a startup project. You shouldn't consider a startup on the side without reading and understanding this onstartups.com q&a: http://answers.onstartups.com/questions/19422/if-im-working-... One other important point: if your startup is orthogonal to your current work, everyone is probably going to be more comfortable. If not, I'd seriously consider postponing the startup, just to avoid a sticky situation where your employer is concerned you took domain knowledge/contacts from your day job to improve your startup. All the rest of this advice is fantastic. A clear separation of startup and day job is important. Worth a chuckle. Make sure you hit reload a couple of times. To be fair the article is from 2010, when legacy browsers mattered far more (aka were more prevalent) than they do nowadays. I'm not sure what your traffic goals are, but there are a lots of ways to skin this cat (no cats were harmed in the making of this comment). Have you: * looked in google webmaster tools (and the others, sure, why not) and made sure the googlebot likes what it is seeing * considered PPC/adwords? How about facebook ads? * created a facebook page or instagram/twitter account (depending on your demo) and followed people that are interesting to you w/r/t this area? * joined communities that are interested in what you are doing--and contributed to them? (It's not enough to just drop in, leave a link and go.) Email list, facebook group, web forum, wherever. I've had success with this, and just a signature block. * reached out to bloggers in the same space and offered to do a guest post * sent emails to travel writers with helpful info that refers back to your site * started a tumblr/linkblog/real blog that can point to this (I have a side project that gets ~2k visits a month: http://coloradocsas.info/ -- couldn't resist putting that in.) No worries. Pick something and do it consistently for a while--all of these take time in our attention scarce world--well, all of them except the advertising, which is trading money for time. Or just watch the movie: http://www.t2.com/waterbuffalo/watch/water_buffalo_flash_hi.... Loved the comments: "This is the sort of narrow view that rightly gives economics bad name." "Is this a trivial price theory quiz or an interesting behavioral question.? To test price theory, try a cash gift next Valentine's day." Haha. Also known as don't reinvent the wheel. this article is more interesting to me because of the development paradigm it outlines: make the mobile phone the hub of the internet of things. this is in contrast to the smart fridges and thermostats that I thought were going to be the manifestation. Oh boy, another language war. Snooze. I've heard the same thing, but do you have a reference for this? I think PhoneGap/Cordova (the open source base of PhoneGap) can be great for certain types of apps, and it definitely leverages your existing skillset. Here's a showcase: http://phonegap.com/app/ That said, I've never done a game with PhoneGap, and I'd worry about performance (for certain types of games)--I definitely worry about performance with javascript maps, which is closer to what we do). Just something to be aware of. I remember reading a story in Analog science fiction about just this scenario: inexpensive, multi purpose robots (and the riots they caused when people realized they could be replaced). The solution? Have each robot owned by one, and only one, human being, who could lease out the robot's "labor" as they wished. I doubt that solution is possible, but I do think the issues the story raised are going to be, as you put it, "the biggest story" of the near future. (I wish I could remember the name of that story!) I think the point was to make sure that capital wasn't going to replace labor via automation. I love that story--the contrast between the US and Australia illustrates the fact that it really is a political choice how to spend fantastic wealth that automation gives us. (It's not only a political choice, there are moral components as well.) I wrote a book on Cordova CLI (a niche within an niche): https://leanpub.com/developingwithcordovacli/ (Cordova is the open source version of PhoneGap, which lets you build mobile apps with js/html/css). It was an ebook, written with Leanpub (very cool publishing platform for ebooks. I didn't investigate other distribution platforms; I'm just using leanpub--they take care of all kinds of things (refunds, shopping carts, distributing updates to the ebook if/when I publish them) that I didn't want to. They have a pretty nice royalty structure, but you then have to do the marketing yourself. I created a couple of graphics myself. I think they add something to technical books. Income: I think I have made 250 bucks since October. Fun to make some money, but obviously not paying the bills. One thing I didn't see you mention is: how do you market the book? This is a very important thing to think about. Far more important, in my opinion, than the questions you asked. Thumbs up for leanpub! What is worse? What is better? Often shipping something that is 'Good Enough' is better than getting the 'right' (perfect?) design for a program. In the post, it is clear that moot has a set of concerns that a typical business software developer doesn't have. So, pick the right tool for your business situation, which may include a framework, or not. But I have to say, as a developer, the times when I thought I had to start from scratch and been right were far fewer than the times I wanted to start from scratch and been wrong. That may be a testament to my skill, the problems I work on, or both. Plus one for reading Nick (the author of 'Ask the Headhunter': http://asktheheadhunter.com/ The site has been 'online since 1995' and looks like it, but has a wealth of advice for taking control of your destiny when looking for a new job. This is my favorite piece on how to interview: http://asktheheadhunter.com/basics5.htm Uh, so the answer to 'how to find the unadvertised job' is 'look at company websites' or 'do google searches'? I haven't been in the job market for years, so I don't have a great answer, but these seem pretty weak ways to find jobs that aren't advertised, because, if they are on company websites or available via Taleo, they are advertised. How about: * research a company, find out their biggest problem (competitive research), find the manager who should be tackling the problem (linked in), and email him an outline of a solution. I don't manage a ton of folks, but if someone did this, we'd definitely have a conversation. * go to tech meetups and meeting interesting people * comment on a corporate blog regularly * offer to work for free (if you can afford it) * ABL (always be looking) * never eat lunch along * blog about the industry you want to get into * work on an open source project * instagram (or whatever the kids are doing these days) This is an oldie instance that one of my friends did to get hired back before the dotcom bubble: http://donwrege.com/XOR/home.html I think you are correct. One reason I worked for free for an organization was that it was in an entirely different space than my previous experience, and I wanted to know more about it. Other good reasons to work for free: * gain skills * meet people But you definitely want to be careful and limit it, otherwise you'll get taken advantage of. It's very similar to offering a free software service--often you don't know if what you have is valuable until people start paying for it. For more on that: http://investor.groupon.com/financials.cfm Groupon had (in q3 2013, the latest I could find) 595M in revenue and 14M in operating income, an EPS of 0.02 excluding "excluding stock-based compensation and acquisition-related benefit", and 1.1B in the bank. Not a smashing success, but is it a failure? The jury is still out on this, imho. Uh, more info needed. What do you like to do? Party? Go to the theater? Hike? Surf? Lots of places with good software vibes, so then you go to secondary factors: cost of living, family and amenities. I have used odesk successfully for some small data entry jobs. Cached version for those who are getting a database connection error: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:S1lWjQ6... Or a tool can suck up more time than it saves. http://xkcd.com/1319/ Err, I think it is more a human trend, than a "big" trend. Most everyone I know loves the benefits of competition, except when they are competing, then they aren't as big a fan. (Yes, yes, there are the people who love competition even when they are competing, but I find that they are fairly uncommon.) Here you are: https://web.archive.org/web/20100208023751/http://www.picnik... Is Google unique in this? Or is this a generic tech company/recruiter problem? Anyone who thinks that remote developers can have the same interactions as developers in the same room is crazy! Even if you have great chat room software. Face to face interactions have so much more bandwidth. As someone who swore off c after a college class and an experience with perl (three cheers for memory management), this was a great intro article to the idioms of c. what kind of Perl skills? sysadmin skills automating server tasks? web framework skills like mason? something else? This was fascinating. Just one more example of how the internet, by driving communications costs near to zero, is changing everything. (Though the emergence of China as a manufacturing superpower is a major factor as well.) Interesting look at how to stay relevant. As some other posters have noted, duration != irrelevance. That is, you can be irrelevant to your field after being at a company one year (if they have you doing mindless work that rots your brain), or still relevant even after a decade, if you have challenges. I particularly enjoyed his point about interviewing once in a while, as that definitely sharpens skills that are not typically used in a job. One thing I'd add is to keep your linkedin profile up to date all the time. This can help you know the local companies as well as folks who will be good to approach for a soft intro for interesting companies. This link would probably help answer that: http://www.feld.com/wp/archives/2012/05/seomoz-tagfee-and-me... Works for internal "clients" too. Proposing a couple of solutions is almost always better than asking someone else to do so. Or, in a rather less condescending tone, you might have built the SDK for Busy Bob, who is using your API, which is is important but peripheral, to the problem he is writing software to solve. If his solution works, and is widely adopted, then he will revisit and add all those things that the OP mentions, but right now he is just trying to get something working. An SDK is great for that. Hmmm... I wonder if everyone followed this advice, would it have the side effect of decreasing pay for the high profile jobs (like API evangelist, someone working on Android, etc) relative to the less public jobs (Build Guy, adwords engineer)? I'm guessing so. That'd be an interesting outcome. My hope is that IT is now seen as a partner in making the business better (not sure how long ago you were warned). But, I agree, it is always better to be on the revenue side than the cost side of the equation. Or, you could work for an organization that recognizes (even glamorizes) the drudge work. See Zappos, etc. Oooh, thanks for the pointer to appreciative inquiry. Looks very interesting. I've never been the "build guy" full time, but I have been the developer who enjoyed/took care of the process/version control/scripting. It is worth saying that there is a great series of best practices, etc, that are worth documenting (and publicizing) around builds. (Even if it is hard to justify investment in improving builds sometimes.) You have a number of options: * just do it, and ask forgiveness or deal with the consequences. * ask a lawyer to look at your contract and state law and see if the company has the right to what you do off hours on your own equipment * try to sell the side project as beneficial to the company (cross training, extra publicity) * do a side project, but expect to throw it away * pick different ways to do a side project--there are many way. Contribute to open source via QA, documentation, user support. Do user group talks. Reach out to authors in the space that you are in and offer to review technical books. Join an email list and answer questions of other users. * walk--find a different boss in the same company who will let you do this * walk--find a different company What you choose depends on what your side project is, what your skills are, how much you care about the side project, how monetizable the side project is, and, most of all, what you are trying to get out of your "serious side projects". Wow, what a pain. However, creating your own SDK is pretty much what the OP suggests--it gives him the level of control that he needs. Here's some numbers--Google has > 85% worldwide market share as of Oct 2013: http://www.statista.com/statistics/216573/worldwide-market-s... If 80k/year is what the market clears at, that's the right salary. If it is 40k/year or 120k/year, that's the right salary too. The free market works for buyers and sellers of labor too, not just of goods. (Within certain limits, of course--labor isn't fungible like books.) I just added it to my database driven website that is run off shared hosting: http://coloradocsas.info/ It doesn't feel that much faster, but I'd love a way to verify speed changes with data. I took another look and I wasn't doing the init(). I am now, but it still doesn't appear to be working. Not sure why. I think this points to how much easier it has become to start a business nowadays (a normal business, not a tech business). I'm sure some of this is due to the marketing revolution that is the web, but I think it's also due to the move to services that has happened in the USA over the past 4 decades. (It's a lot easier to run a one person services business than a one person manufacturing business.) Pair that with a) boomers needing more money because they have fewer pensions and are living longer, b) older folks have some accumulated capital (either financial, human or relationship) and c) the flexibility of a lifestyle business (even if you work longer hours, you can timeshift), and it doesn't surprise me that older folks are starting more businesses. BDNT has probably the closest replica of this map. It is for the front range of Colorado, USA: http://bdnt.org/ I was hiring a junior webdev in Boulder, CO and got some good candidates from SO. About 300 bucks for one month lowest tier ad. It was useful because I felt I had tapped out my network and the free sites. Their UI is great, and the times (not many) I had to deal with sales they were helpful. Ended up making the hire from CL, though. What are they offering you? It seems awful to me, just because you could consult and make good money (not 100k, but 60k between the two of you) and bootstrap and then own 100% of your company. Note, I ran a solo consultancy for a few years and have been part of a couple of failed startups, so make sure you don't forget the salt. Loved the refreshing different view of the startup world. I'm technical and not in SV, but I've seen this behavior in other scenarios. (Not so blatant, however.) It seems like every company has a class of employees, typically either sales, executives, or technical in my experience, that are valued just a bit more than everyone else. Even though it is everybody putting their shoulder to the grindstone every day that really moves the company forward. Interesting video for sure. I run/work in a small shop supporting a real estate brokerage with custom software. For every new core project, I ask if the problem can be solved in java. Not because it is the best language, or the one I am most familiar with, but because it is the language that almost all the other systems are run in. Ditto for databases--projects should use mysql unless there is a very compelling reason not to. And we use one data processing tool--pentaho kettle. Now, we've actually had some other languages 'sneak in'--perl, bash, python, javascript. But they were for closely scoped projects and, in a couple of cases, I asked for a prototype in java and the other language first. It is hard to do this, because I read hacker news and am interested in keeping my skills up to date with the latest and greatest interesting technologies. I and my team have other alternatives to explore (hackfests, not-work side projects), which makes it easier. I'm doing the right thing for this company, and that's the right thing to do. There are people working on 'slow investing', but they are primarily focused on local food rather than tech (though there is some overlap): https://slowmoney.org/ This book outlines various geopolitical climate change reactions. http://www.amazon.com/Climate-Wars-Fight-Survival-Overheats/... The last scenario talks about, if I recall correctly, the oceans becoming more welcoming to bacteria that produce hydrogen sulfide. Sorry, I don't remember the details, but will update tonight from the book at home if I remember. That seems to jive with my memory. Thanks! Why does the EU count as an economy? It's not a nation state. Awesome! I blogged about people sending emails with content that didn't have an associated URL recently (and how that pained my heart): http://www.mooreds.com/wordpress/archives/1441 And mailp.in solves that issue perfectly. If someone sends you an email that is chock full of content that should be shared, just mailpin it. One question: how long are the URL and the content preserved? "One reader said it was simply a “buyers’ market,”".... It still seems in poor taste and I'm glad it is public. I like the advice proffered by Ask The Headhunter: http://www.asktheheadhunter.com/habuildvalue.htm and Liz Ryan: (pdf) http://www.humanworkplace.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/Wha... myself. Note I am a hiring manager for a small tech team outside the startup space. This goes for most complex problems. The first step of any dev problem should be to make sure you understand the problem, the second to map out the main pieces and the third to make sure you are leveraging every (well maintained) library possible. There are, of course, issues with dependencies and tying yourself to code you didn't write, but what would you rather depend on--code that has had tens or hundreds of eyes on it, or code that you, and maybe one or two team members has reviewed? I saw these folks at gluecon. Haven't looked at a ton of dashboard solutions, but I found Kibana to be pretty compelling, simply because it was trivial to get the elk stack up and running and input arbitrary data. I am not as interested in log data, more in business metrics. Pretty good article on some of the challenges of getting started with Go. Certainly the package management issues point to Go's youth. I would have loved a more detailed explanation of why they chose Go for a particular problem space rather than C/C++/etc. What problems is Go particularly good for, and for which problems is it a poor choice? This is very cool. Interesting use of LinkedIn's data. I would like to read a story by this journalist 5 years from now and see how things played out. I would contact the folks at lob.com and see what they can do. They do one off postcards via API. They don't offer membership cards right now, but might have some ideas of who does. Join your chamber of commerce. Go to the meetings. Offer to do a talk: 'what you need to know about the web'. Wow, this is a great (sobering) story. What happened to them? Are they still up? I'm a little disappointed the test doesn't verify correctness addition, subtraction, multiplication or division. Sigh. I suppose I'll have to submit an issue and pull request. What free PM tools would you recommend? I do get your point about Excel not being a good fit for project management (the company I work for uses google spreadsheets to much the same effect). But you are missing one key piece--everyone either knows how to use a spreadsheet or can learn quickly. Therefore, it is the lowest common denominator--a new employee can be up to speed on using Excel as a project management tool very quickly. That is in contrast to most of the specialized tools, which have lockin and training costs. It is tough to give you advice when we don't know your whole situation (do you need a job because of health care, for example). Maybe you can just consult? That makes is easier to turn down work you don't want. And don't list your business experience on your resume/LinkedIn profile. Gosh, I haven't thought about diplomacy since college! Had no idea that the test cases were outlined in such detail. I agree, this would be a fun project and not trivial. I would churn out a few books on leanpub, around areas of interest to me--another cordova book, a revision of my current cordova book, one on business process automation using APIs and google services, and one on green/sustainable investment. Disclaimer: I work for a real estate brokerage (but I'm a software developer). Real estate agents can help in a number of ways (chaossphere2112 outlines a number of them), but one of the easiest ways to think about it is that this is a very large, complex transaction that happens rarely. That means that, while you could learn all the ins and outs of: - contracts (often regulated by the state) - negotiation (in whatever kind of market you are in--one favoring buyers or sellers - house value (both use and resale) - what can be changed about a house easily (finishes) and what is hard (layout) and what is nearly impossible (location) - neighborhood characteristics - typical home uses for people in your shoes now and in two years and five years, which might impact your purchase - the minutiae of a purchase (deadlines, appraisals, inspections, etc) you might want to consider paying someone who does this as their job to help you out. As for the 'pumping up the price' to get paid more, or 'making me hurry up' to get paid faster, there may be some agents that do this, but good ones are more concerned about the lifetime value of a consumer, which can easily run into mid five figures (if you move every 7 years starting at 28 and ending at 70, and buy the median house price (~200k) and use the same agent every time at 3% commission, that is 36k in commission). It's dumb to burn a customer for a few hundred bucks when their LTV is ~40k (if you pay 210k for a house when it is really worth 200k, the agent earns 6300 instead of 6000). There's a similar way to work without a real estate agent in the USA--you just hire a real estate lawyer who takes care of contracts and whatnot and you pay them a flat fee. I'm always curious how other markets work (and aware that the USA is one of the few RE markets with buyer's agents). Is there an inspection period? Are most homes bought outright, or are loans taken out to purchase them? Does the seller's agent do any marketing (newspaper ads, open houses, etc)? What does the seller's agent usually get in terms of compensation (a percent of the sales price, a fixed fee)? There are good agents and bad agents, just like good and bad folks in any profession. (Actually, because the barriers to entry are so low, there are probably more bad real estate agents.) See my comment below about LTV--if a consumer feels they aren't being treated well, the agent might make a bit more on this sale, but lose five figures of income later. Just like that agent that you interacted with. Now, if you feel like the consumer isn't educated enough to know they are being treated with care, well, that's a different discussion entirely. Yes, homebuying can use a LOT of disruption. Unfortunately there are many many players and change moves slowly. (Yes, Virginia, there are still MLSes that don't want to expose sold listings, as if that's some kind of secret.) If you're interested in this, the 1000 Watt blog (a real estate consulting company) has a lot more about tech and real estate: http://1000watt.net/blog/ Brokers (of all kinds) have been around for millenia and will be around for millenia more. There are always consumers who are willing to pay for expert advice and there are always sellers/producers who are willing to accept less than top dollar because they don't want the hassle of dealing with the consumer (which doesn't scale). I think that technology can empower the consumer, but doubt it can empower the consumer enough to eliminate middlemen (of which brokers are one type). I've heard that story before, and all I saw was a different kind of middleman (heck, Amazon.com is a middle man for a lot of products). So, that said, how can you align incentives? You have a limited number of ways to pay the middleman or broker: you can pay them a flat fee, you can pay them an hourly rate, or you can pay them based on the size of the deal. Which incentive structure do you think aligns interests the best? Thanks for answering my questions. I like the idea of the seller being responsible after the sale--that would make most sellers more honest. That tax is interesting--what does it support (national government? city government? schools?)? This is an interesting idea. I think it would be great for brokerages to publish that information as well. Location: Boulder, CO, USA Remote: Yes Willing to relocate: No Technologies: java, javascript, php, pentaho kettle, sql, perl, bash, APIs (I know, not precisely a technology), varnish, cordova Resume: http://www.mooreds.com/Dan-Moore-current-resume.pdf / https://www.linkedin.com/in/mooreds Email: linkedin@mooreds.com Update: I see people are adding more information at the bottom of their comment. So. I've been developing on the web from the database all the way through HTML and CSS for over a decade. Only unix technologies (no .NET experience). I love solving business problems--one of my last projects at work was automating some key business infrastructure around invoices and accounting. I'm looking for contract work as I want some extra flexibility for my family. I think it is pretty good for developers. Depends on exactly what you want to do, but if you're into java, I can hook you up with a couple of companies that are hiring (datalogix, rally software). The BDNT is a great site to visit to get a feel for some of the startup scene: http://bdnt.org If you are into commuting (by bus or car) Boulder is only about 45 min from downtown Denver. SEEKING WORK (cross posted from the 'who wants to be hired' thread, since I'm actually looking for contract work more than full time employment) Location: Boulder, CO, USA Remote: Yes Technologies: java, javascript, php, pentaho kettle, sql, perl, bash, APIs (I know, not precisely a technology), varnish, cordova Resume: http://www.mooreds.com/Dan-Moore-current-resume.pdf / https://www.linkedin.com/in/mooreds Email: linkedin@mooreds.com I've been developing on the web from the database all the way through HTML and CSS for over a decade. Only unix technologies (no .NET experience). I love solving business problems--one of my last projects at work was automating some key business infrastructure around invoices and accounting. I'm looking for contract work as I want some extra flexibility for my family. I recently confronted a similar situation (though the stakes were vastly smaller when viewed externally). I am moving from being a full time employee to a contractor where I can control my hours and spend time with my children as they grow up. At least that's the plan! I've always been of the opinion that once you have X dollars (for some definition of X, which fluctuates), time is worth far more than money. This opinion has only been reinforced by the arrival of my children. (I do recognize how lucky I am that I have a choice.) My X varied wildly over time, but definitely has grown since I got married, bought a house, had a family, etc. I'm not sure what your career is, but that's a real bummer that the 40 hour a week grind is your only choice. Maybe a different career would be a better fit? I've enjoyed my experience with lob.com. I have sent one post card, done a Zapier integration, and introduced them to folks at my company that send a lot of postcards. Also had a conversation with the founders after signing up--that's always nice. (It is interesting that the API isn't really RESTful, but rather form/param based.) Frankly, I've been wracking my brain (and those of friends at coffee meetings) trying to think of a business to build on top of this API. Reminders and marketing are the two broad markets that jump to my mind, but I'm struggling a bit to find niches where the attributes of postcards (or letters) win vs other solutions: * cost (94 cents vs free for email or far cheaper for text messages) * timeliness (5-7 days vs immediate) * point of delivery (physical address vs device or computer) This means it has to be a fairly high value marketing or reminder opportunity. Regardless, I'm impressed with lob.com and when the right mail business opportunity comes along, I know who my API partner will be. The company I used to work for had some success building a phone gap app as a proof of concept (where internal team members could iterate quickly) getting some traction and uptake, and then having it rewritten in native code by a fairly inexpensive offshore team. More here: http://geekestateblog.com/rewriting-internal-hybrid-mobile-a... I don't know if pg has changed significantly, but good maps were very hard to do when I looked at them seriously 2 years ago. Few a map centric app, JavaScript maps just don't cut it in production, an native plugins just weren't available for Android. Hear that, retailers? It's Amazon, coming for you. All of you. I mentioned to my wife that I expected Amazon to have same day delivery in the next 5 years and she said "Then, why would you shop anywhere else? Why would you ever go to the grocery store?" I think the author makes a strong case for hybrid development, bit misses the crux of the argument. When you are considering mobile development, I think you need to seriously think about two factors. (I have written a couple of Cordova apps and a book about the Cordova CLI.) 1. Is there on device functionality that will be hard or clunky to access via Cordova. In my experience, maps are one of these features, especially moveable maps. This can force you towards native dev. 2. Do you need a mobile app at all? The folks at forecast.io have built a killer webapp that feels like a native app. Do you need offline features, access to the contacts list, etc. Are you prepared to market your app, which is far harder to do than marketing a webapp (app store downloads being harder to obtain than webpage visits)? Lots of folks think they need an app, but really would benefit from a well designed webapp. Note, from a glance, it seems like the author made the right choice aboiy Cordova for their use case. Can you see a light at the end of the tunnel? Does the business side of the business understand how much technical debt has arisen? Is there a third party solution that does 90% of what you need? Does the business need to keep upgrading the app or can it end of life it? Are there subsystems you can upgrade relatively easily that will have business benefit? "Where there is muck, there is brass." I would get all your concerns on the table with the person who writes checks and present some alternatives and let them choose. (I went through this a few years ago with a 11 year old java + gwt webapp and had some success.) This, so much! Greenfield development is, in my experience, the exception, not the rule. Seems like a poor name for a technology--spring is one of the predominant java frameworks. I enjoy Michael Pettis' blog: mpettis.com. His focus is on economics and China primarily, but he does write about Europe occasionally. I had a payment that went months and months late for a couple of thousand dollars. At this point, the company had pivoted and I was no longer doing work for them. I found out who the right person was, and pinged them every two weeks. Very politely, just "Hi, noticed this invoice wasn't paid. Please remit payment" etc. I think what finally caused them to send me my money was the Christmas gift I sent them (chocolates). Enough about me. Let's talk about your situation. Who wants you to continue to work? Talk to them and say something like "I'd love to continue to work, but I have late invoices, and I can't do any additional work until you are caught up." Ask this person to be your internal advocate. Ask them what you should do. Whatever you do, stop working (all the better if you are in the middle of something), and start looking for something else. If they (COO, controller) approach you with a payment plan, that's fine, but make sure they offer a chunk up front (at least 25%) and stick to the plan, otherwise stop working. Make sure the checks clear (banks can call to make sure this is the case) before starting again. Don't loan them money. Don't work for free. Don't believe anything they say that doesn't come with a check. Do change your contract to have a late payment fee for future clients, but right now you're just trying to stop the bleeding. Once they have paid what they owe you, feel free to work for them again, but don't let them get 60 days overdue. At about 35 days I start getting real nervous. If you walk away, make sure to continue to ping them for back invoices. It may not turn up anything, but you never can be sure, and it only takes a moment of your day. Huh? Working means getting along with different kinds of people. I think that if you aren't getting along with a business person, it is incumbent on both of you to discover what the disconnect is. What are you each missing? Maybe it is an understanding of technical limitations on their part, or a blind spot about the business on yours. Except in the case of ill will on someone's part, discussion between adults should resolve the problem. If there's ill will, that's a good job to leave. Never having been through a VC funded acquisition, this was an enlightening summation from someone who has done it a couple of times. This is the key point. If all you are doing is scraping prices for a personal project, questionable legality is ok (even if clear legality would be preferable). But if you are trying to build a business, ya gotta stay on the right side of the law. I believe you are proceeding about the job hunt in the wrong way. Don't go through the online process. Find an employee who is already at the company you are interested in. This is one place where linkedin shines, but if you are interested in SV startups, try angellist. Contact them. Ask your questions. If there is further interest, ask for an intro to the hiring manager. Don't play the game. For more: http://www.asktheheadhunter.com/basics1.htm I am not sure how constructive posts like these are. We all stand on the shoulders of giants. That said, the longer I code, the more borrowing from the crufty old langiage/system/community/technology I see in the "shiny new thing", even if many folks slam the old entity. Since law is "code for society", I am all on favor of equipping its practitioners with more insight into software. Nice deep dive into an area I'm not familiar with. If you're writing an extension for ios8, this seems like the right post to start with. I did a bit of testing at my previous employer, where I was the hiring manager, but it was in the interview (so candidates had no choice). I think that is a nice compromise--the candidate is fairly far along in the process, and you can still learn a lot about a developer with a small project. Granted, these were junior positions. As far as (b), I have no experience in this, but I can think of problems for a non technical person to fulfill. If confronted with doing this, I'd just ask the hiring manager to list 2-3 pressing problems and have the candidate outline a solution to one of them. Maybe I'm missing the thrust of your question? It is worth reading in its entirety, because it is a interview covering topics from 150 years of economics and politics. The tl;dr for me is that our current global economic troubles are systemic and demand side, and not easily remedied. I found the link above to be a bit useless as it jumps right into getting answers with evidence. Here's a better overview link: https://developer.ibm.com/watson/docs/developing-watson-apis... If you want access to the API, you have to fill out a form, here: http://www.ibm.com/smarterplanet/us/en/ibmwatson/form_ecosys... This is buried in the docs as a comment on this page: https://developer.ibm.com/watson/docs/developing-watson-apis... Edit: No real support for 'playing around' with the API. Bummer. Edit2: Just went through the application process linked above. Be prepared to give info about yourself and your company and an explanation of why you want access to the Watson API, as well as what type of information you'll be working with. I stated 'just want to play around with the API'. We'll see how they react to that. Sorry, is your first statement a joke? Modern phones support Bluetooth, and here's a link to keyboards for iOS: http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4112 I disagree that most people want to consume rather than produce. After all, more people are "producing" more than ever, especially with non text content like images. What is lacking is depth. As the author said in his final sentence, 140 characters and images won't really spark much discussion. Of course authors who used a typewriter probably complained about lack of depth when you didn't have to use white out to fix mistakes. Bluemix has a impressive list of IBM technologies available: https://ace.ng.bluemix.net/#/pricing/cloudOEPaneId=pricing Until Watson is available in Bluemix, what is the best way to get access to the q and a API for exploration? Is this UK only? Love to see any effort to solving the labor/skills mismatch in a more efficient manner. Not sure what you mean. I don't think this is opt in. Not sure. Maybe parent was making a joke? SEEKING WORK / Remote or Boulder, CO Expertise: Full Stack Web Developer, System Integration, Software Developer, Team Lead Skills: Java, SQL, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, MySQL, APIS, Pentaho Kettle, Jenkins, JUnit, Cordova, BackboneJS, AngularJS, jQuery, Git, SVN, API design, data modelling. I'm looking for remote work or work based in Boulder, CO, with systems integration, business process automation or web or hybrid mobile software development. Website: http://www.mooreds.com/ Email: hn@mooreds.com Resume: http://www.mooreds.com/Dan-Moore-current-resume.pdf I couldn't figure out how to link to the transcript, but that is the meaty part of the content. The title is a bit hyped, but the examination of implications of algorithms is interesting. Marginal utility to whom? The author? His university? Society? It seems to me in almost every case (except possibly the first) that everyone would be better served hiring someone to take care of the incidental work that consumes the first 60 hours (or as much as possible) and letting the professor work on his research. The fact that this isn't so points to a couple of possibilities. 1. Only the professor gets much utility out of his research--the organization which employs him would prefer him to spend his time on managing phd students and teaching. 2. Universities are organized to optimize for organizational utility and not for each professor's maximal utility. Incidentally, this story reminds me of many developers who are promoted to be managers and then are removed from what they loved about their profession in the first place. Similar to the author, such managers often have side projects at home to keep coding. Unfortunately, the professor doesn't have the option of 'dropping out' of management like the developer-turned-manager does. That's a possibility, but then why does he prioritize teaching and management over research? I love the analogy, but I'm not sure how this is applicable to the author of this post. What are the screaming people he can silence? This is the whole 'urgent vs important' work problem (ironic that I'm posting on HN, which is neither). Covey's time management grid describes the problem: http://www.usgs.gov/humancapital/documents/TimeManagementGri... (pdf) Urgency is not the same as importance. Not so much "failed", but "discovered SaaS revenue is harder than consulting", which, to be honest, every software entrepreneur knows. It's always far easier to sell your hours than to sell a product. Hours are more flexible, don't have the "round peg, elliptical hole" problem that many products do, and give the customer more control (and thus are an easier sell). Of course, as the author details, selling hours doesn't scale. Do you know what the common key was between these services? I bet it was email. That's why I sign up for services with a custom email address, that is linkedin@domainname for linkedin, meetup@domainname for meetup, etc. Thanks for sharing. This is a great use for LinkedIn, and one I had never heard of. I'd always heard about access to executives for sales and research purposes, but not for kick starting customer service. Hip hip hooray for reality based accounting. The Dutch system may not be perfect, but they are doing as best as can be done within the bounds of financial uncertainty. They definitely get points for choosing pain now vs pain later and aligning incentives more precisely. As someone who has had a "line of business" job, I think that those jobs can be tons of fun. Sure, you might have to do some education of the business on how software can help and how software is made, but if you find forward looking businesses, you can really impact a business. Plus you can learn a different domain, which can be fun and helpful to your career (dev + biz expertise > dev). I ended up introducing hackathons and brown bag lunches to my former employer (a real estate brokerage). Ditto for Denver and Boulder. Lots of the work available. I'd say that Boulder is a bit stronger for startups, but I think that is because Denver is larger so startups are a bit more diluted. “Put in incentives to reward people on team outcomes versus solely on individual outcomes" This. You get what you incent. If people are rewarded for working together, they will work together. If they are rewarded for individual contributions, they will optimize for that. Now, it can be tough to measure and reward team effort, bit if that is what is important, figure it out! TL;DR: "Is tech represented in the decision making?" MATLAB is more than an app. It's an entire language. Points for the buzzfeed style headline though. I applied with Google, didn't even hear a "thanks but no thanks". As someone who has hired and been hired, that kind of behavior always chaps my hide. If someone takes the time to apply for a job, a courteous email saying " no", is the least that is owed. Make it automated if need be, but a reply is the least a company can do, especially if they are "desperate" for talent. "A job" covers a lot of ground. What kind of job are your trying to find? Getting hired as a lawyer requires different tactics than getting hired as a software developer which is different in turn from a real estate agent. If all of the offers available online require 5-10 years of experience, perhaps you should widen your search criteria? Or look for local jobs? What meetups, if any, are available, for networking? Have you asked your network for help--not to find a job, but to introduce you to people who are in the industry that you are interested in? Tough story of the challenge of being both VP of Product and co-founder at a startup. What jobs are you looking at that require 5-10 years of experience? Why do you have no network? Can you build one? Do you have friends in the industries you are interested in? Parent's friends? Can you afford to volunteer for a company, a hackathon, a meet up, a conference in the area you are interested in? Also, can you build something of interest yourself which you can point to at job interviews? Can you find an open source project to contribute to in your area of interest? Nice! For others, this is from an actual pirate code: http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pirate_code Here's a response to Krugman that I found far more thoughtful than this Economist article, from Matt Ygleslias of Vox: http://www.vox.com/2014/10/22/7016827/amazon-hachette-monopo... And here's a response to his response: http://www.newrepublic.com/article/119977/what-matt-yglesias... Central banks would love to have the problems of the mid 80s back as well. Frankly, I find the lack of humility in this job req disturbing, and just wanted to post about it here. "Send your LinkedIn profile, StackOverflow profile and maybe even a video introducing yourself, along with links to sites/apps you’ve worked on in the past" before an interview? "Absolutely NO PHONE CALLS regarding this position." For a midlevel software position? And, from the main careers page, http://www.thetradedesk.com/about-us/careers/ , the classic "Please submit all cover letters and resumes to hr@thetradedesk.com", also known as "send your resume into the round file". I wonder if they are having trouble finding engineers? Right. And really, who checks signatures? I'm a developer and I don't think I've every checked an md5 signature of a jarfile/gem/package I've downloaded. Nor have I ever been in an environment where that was ever mentioned. (Have mostly worked in small to medium businesses--I imagine that bigger orgs or the defense department might do this.) Hey, I applaud you for your mindset for its purity and clarity. I think it's a bit shortsighted myself, but I've found the world a more complex place than I expected when I was younger (I'm in my 30s), and I think it's important to realize that everyone has different priorities. I agree with the parent of this comment that it takes a life to learn how to live. If you want to live the life of a founder, live that life. I have found great joy in different aspects of life. I think some people (you, obviously) are motivated by difficult tasks. Some are motivated by other kinds of difficult tasks (even ones that have been done for 1000s of years, like farming--a very difficult task, trust me!). Some people are motivated by learning, some by activism, etc, etc. Err, I think the parent's point wasn't lockin in terms of the code you write, but in terms of your architecture. Setting up your own system driven off of s3 or dynamodb events (if you wanted to move the functions onto your own bare metal) would be a pretty big project. I agree entirely! I look back at my 20s--I had a ton of fun and a lot of experiences, and (cliche alert) "I wouldn't trade it for the world", but man was I dumb! Take a look at 'Double Your Freelancing Rate': http://doubleyourfreelancing.com/get-started/ TL;DR: don't focus on the technology you are using, focus on the business problem you are solving. And replace your helmet every five years: http://www.smf.org/helmetfaq#aWhyReplace I guess you have to go where the people are, but man, I wouldn't want to outsource the knowledge base/forums for a major product to a different company. Seems like a valuable asset to give up. Sure, but it's all anonymized, and not current (at least 8 weeks old). Is customer service a core functionality? Maybe not for some of the software for which support is being moved to SO. SO is a for profit company which took venture capital, so it's not like this is an open source project that MS can influence or co-opt if they need to. Note that I've never been in charge of a large product like this, so take my opinion with a grain of salt. Well, then everyone else who has gone with SO as a forum solution is SOL. Err, so to speak. What do you want? What are your end goals? It's hard to answer this without knowing that. For example, if you want to work for a SV startup, I'd move out there asap, as the skills they want are decaying right now. Or, if you wanted to teach CS, or even IT, at the college level, you should take classes and get a MS or PhD in CS. Or, if you want to do webdev and support for local companies and ColdFusion interests you, you could learn the ins and outs of ColdFusion, learn project management and estimation, and set up some of the basics of the Joel Test ( http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000043.html ) for your current job, and learn a ton. Yes, this worries me, quite a lot. I think that the web needs a healthy Firefox. I know it's their standard marketing messaging, but I don't think any org but a non profit with a large userbase can keep the web open. SEEKING WORK / Remote or Boulder, CO Expertise: Full Stack Web Developer, System Integration, Software Developer, Team Lead Skills: Java, SQL, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, MySQL, APIS, Pentaho Kettle, Jenkins, JUnit, Cordova, BackboneJS, AWS, AngularJS, jQuery, Git, SVN, API design, python, data modelling. I'm looking for remote work or work based in Boulder, CO, with systems integration, business process automation or web or hybrid mobile software development. I've got a lot of experience with a wide variety of technologies on the unixy side of development, and in coming up to speed quickly. Blog: http://www.mooreds.com/weblog/ Email: hn@mooreds.com Resume (call me old fashioned): http://www.mooreds.com/Dan-Moore-current-resume.pdf Plus one for the cool factor! > I don't want to do linux updates. I'm no EC2 expert, but I believe you still have to do linux updates if you are running on AWS. Took some digging, but here's a list of top companies with H1B visas for the FY 2013: http://www.computerworld.com/article/2489146/technology-law-... Top 5: * INFOSYS * TATA * COGNIZANT * ACCENTURE * WIPRO Heh. I meant getting a reputable link for a recent year took some digging. But, thankfully, my experience in the "big corporate enterprisey space" is minimal. People still use EJBs? What, are we still listening to Gorillaz? I'm curious how this works when you are part of a team? I was brought into a project to help fix a mess and wasn't sure how to charge for value? The project consisted of 5 or so developers, and I was part of a new team of about 5. Obviously, for the team lead, it's possible to wrap it all up into value based pricing (risky, hard, but possible) but for team members? The first question my team lead asked was 'what is your hourly rate'? Any suggestions? Networking. Marketing (ebooks, blogging, tweeting, open source). Connecting people who can do nothing for you because you want to do a good thing (aka karma). (I wrote a post about 'being an informal recruiter': http://www.mooreds.com/wordpress/archives/1728 ) > I often think about this too. What languages will be the gold standards in 30 or 50 years from now? Or 100? Will people view Python and Ruby as many people view COBOL and Pascal today? It's hard for me to believe that they will view Python and Ruby as charitably as we view COBOL and Pascal. Cobol is only 32 years older than Python (1959/1991) and Pascal only 25 years older than Ruby (1970/1995). I imagine the gold standard programming language for the 2040s is either a twinkle in someone's eye or just invented. Really cool idea. TL;DR: There are two sides of the bell curve, and you can improve your average performance both by increasing the right side of the bell curve (improving your best performances), or decreasing the left side of the curve (minimizing your worst performances). They have rolling applications, so each city has a different application period. Also, they probably won't take applications until the official announcement. Good points. That said, all these issues are faced by sites that focus on full time employment. I am definitely interested in part time development work, and am not aware of any sites that have that as their main differentiator. OP, it'd be interesting to see this site up and running. However, I'd think carefully about what kind of part time work you are trying to have listed on the site: * project based (which may spike to more than 40 hrs/week, but only lasts for 3 months) * retainer (I want 10 hours/week forever) * employment (I want to hire someone who is willing to work for 15 hours/week) Part time work is harder to find because there are certain fixed costs of managing labor, and it's nice if you can amortize those across as many hours/week as you can, but as a contractor it helps me have more than one opportunity to earn income at one time. Especially of a magazine in the area of software development. It's hard for me to see how this doesn't hurt local vendors badly. Of course, it depends on what the the 25,000 items are, but that was one of the key differentiators between Amazon and local stores--if you needed something and you needed it now, the local store was the only option (things like cabling for a new TV, gifts for a party that night, etc). Now, for prime members in NYC at least, Amazon is a viable option. What other moats do local stores have? Amazon wins on: * selection * cost * convenience * reputation * knowledge (this depends on the local store) What does the local store win on? * feel good factor (supporting local business and employment) * hold the item in your hand (not sure there is one word for it in English, but the Germans probably have one) It's a draw on * I need it now Interesting times, indeed. Good catch on entertainment (and people watching). I'm not much for that, but my SO is. As for knowledge, I think that it is a mixed bag--I've been in stores where the staff outclassed most anything I could find on the internet, and others where, let's just be charitable and say that the staff was lacking. He's actually at Forever 21, so I assume he's reminding them: https://www.linkedin.com/pub/joseph-park/3/710/a3b For context, I was a junior developer during the dot com crash, in Boulder. I worked at a web consultancy. I saw decent developers laid off, but good developers kept on. I saw companies desperately hunting for business (and signing ruinous contracts to have revenue). I saw promises to employees that had been made in exuberance broken (we'll open a London office). I saw poor business practices--lay offs the week of Thanksgiving, for example. I saw the business I was a part of get smaller and smaller as the fat was trimmed. However, for good developers, there were still raises. I know some great people who were hired away, so I think that the job market still existed. But you certainly weren't getting the exuberant benefits in the new job. I was too young to be on recruiters' radar, so I can't comment on that. As far as insulating yourself, I think the best things you can do are: * be humble * learn new skills * be cognizant of the business and the value it provides to consumers, and where it is weak * know if the business is profitable, and how (1 big customer? 1,000,000 small ones? advertising) * save a large chunk of your salary, and not just in your 401k * keep your network alive (maybe be an informal recruiter? http://www.mooreds.com/wordpress/archives/1728 ) The easiest way to keep a job is not to need it because you have a buffer of savings, a viable network, and have valuable skills. In my experience, those developers can land on their feet even when they are surprised by a layoff. It's like they say, if you owe the bank $10,000 dollars, the bank owns you. If you owe the bank $10,000,000,000 dollars, you own the bank. Focus and timeboxing are your new best buddies. I would keep a task list of short tasks. Use a spreadsheet or text file. If you come up with something else to explore that you'd typically dive into, don't. Instead, just record it on a separate part of your task list for future investigation. Realize that you can do a lot with 5 or 10 30 minute segments, especially if you focus on the right tasks. Set a timer, if possible, and take the last 3 minutes to leave yourself some context (in the bug tracker if you are fixing a bug, at the end of a document if you are writing something, etc). Put on headphones for the 20-30 minutes you do have. Postpone any really deep thinking until after 8. If you send yourself more than 10k messages, you'll have to pay for slack if you want to search. Grep is free. Yes, finding time to work on large items that require uninterrupted thought would be tough given OP's parameters. If we had more context, might be easier to offer useful suggestions. Saying no is so important, but hard to do. So, how do you say no to the shiny objects? Well, you have to have a long term goal. It's ok for long term goals to change, but if you don't have that guidestar, you end up haring off, and even if you finish projects, they aren't cohesive. Take it from me, I've done this (check out my blog, in my profile, if you don't believe me). Of course, like much advice, this is much easier said than done. Looking for feedback. Is this useful? Interesting? Hard to understand? Thanks. Are you saying you'd like to be able to load up a list of names? Not sure where the filtering fits in. Tools like https://freelanceinbox.com/ and 10xmanagement.com are trying to solve the leadgen problem for developers. Haven't used them, but might be worth a look. SEEKING WORK / Remote or Boulder, CO Expertise: Full Stack Web Developer, System Integration, Software Developer, Team Lead Skills: Java, SQL, PHP, HTML, JavaScript, CSS, MySQL, APIS, Pentaho Kettle, Jenkins, JUnit, Cordova, BackboneJS, AWS, AngularJS, jQuery, Git, SVN, API design, python, data modelling. I'm looking for remote work or work based in Boulder, CO, with systems integration, business process automation or webapp software development. I've got a lot of experience with a wide variety of technologies on the unixy side of development, and in coming up to speed quickly. Blog: http://www.mooreds.com/weblog/ Email: hn@mooreds.com Resume (call me old fashioned): http://www.mooreds.com/Dan-Moore-current-resume.pdf Yes, I use vagrant and virtualbox and haven't had any issues running a centos or ubuntu. Best of both worlds, and heaven compared to cygwin (oh, the scripts I've written to deal with cygwin). Was very interesting. Would have been nice to have links for everything--I didn't understand why the various types of photosynthesis would cease working, for example. Find out their business problems and talk to them about those. People don't care about the technology (ok, most of them) but they do care about their problems. Don't even mention wordpress. More here: http://doubleyourfreelancing.com/get-started/ I'd start at meetup.com to find groups for networking. Here's at least one in La Paz: http://www.meetup.com/find/?allMeetups=false&keywords=New+Te... I don't know where you are, but you can search down to the city in Bolivia: http://newtech.meetup.com/ This is a really cool lead funnel that I'd never thought of. I'll have to take a look at these. edit: Just took a quick look and it is interesting to me that none of these seem to have mentors for the heavier 'corporate' languages like java or C#. Do you know of any mentoring sites for those? Cool, thanks. I will look into signing up. Right, which explains why the dev houses are aggressively moving away from being commoditized, either by selling mobile dev services where the app is a value add to an existing service, or building an app that relies on the network (where there's ability to differentiate). I've been part of both 'meatspace' and virtual teams. I think that remote work has huge advantages, but some disadvantages. The main disadvantage I see is that there's a barrier to communication. Of course, in the same room you have barriers to communication, but we're all attuned to how to overcome them. You can work to overcome the remote communication barriers with skype, conference calls, on sites, slack/im, etc, but those are all learned behaviors that take some time to spin up on. I think on HN there might also just be a SV/SF bias. The question is, what would the worth of Google be, if they had taken the money? It's hard to know, but I have a hard time imagining Google taking over Excite and taking the same trajectory that it did as an independent company. I think that 'good' businesses, or at least 'good' senior execs, care about more than the bottom line. Note that they still care about the bottom line because, hey, they have to make payroll. But there are businesses out there that care about more than the bottom line. 'Good To Great' and 'Start With Why' are good books that document such businesses. EC2 doesn't just allow you to scale, it allows you to think of servers as disposable units, the same way people think of processes on bare iron. I'm late to the AWS party, myself, but have been working on a project recently that leverages some of this. It is an eye opener--when you have virtual servers that are controllable by API, you really open up new frontiers of designing applications. > Too often someone with an automation mindset will see an task and decide that it can be automated without actually understanding half of what the task involves. I know I've been guilty of this. The only solution I've found--be humble and ask as many questions as you can. (I guess working in the job for a few months is another solution, but sometimes that is a luxury you can't afford.) Then, you should write for techcrunch. That happened to me. The client was so good that I became an employee! > describing the current and desired states of complex systems in very precise terms, and creating finely detailed plans for getting from here to there What a beautiful and elegant description of software engineering! Is this facetious? I am afraid I can't tell. Yes, thank you. The questions are naive, but the answers do restore my faith in humanity. Do you think that 99% of all employees have bad attitudes, or is it just developers? I'm asking because I've met very few developers who "commit nothing until they 'fell like it'". Those don't sound like professionals, they sound like children, and I agree, it would be frustrating to depend on someone like that. Gosh, I still like perl. Don't do too much of that anymore, but man, it's terse and powerful for just getting stuff done. http://venturebeat.com/2015/01/20/disposable-employees-may-b... This isn't directly related to the article, but I cannot imagine wanting to plug into this kind of infrastructure. All it does is commodify your work. Commodities have their price driven down, because they are, by definition, substitutable. So, if you want to have your labor driven down to the global minimum for the work you do, sign up for an platform like this. > Pay them appropriately. By paying them appropriately, I assume you mean at a market hourly rate? That's one of the two contexts where I as a developer would be interested in working more than a 40-50 hour week. The other context would be where I had substantial ownership and believed in the product. In general, this is hard to do. This is because, as you say, the recipient can reverse engineer anything you send down to the client. See http://craphound.com/msftdrm.txt : > In DRM, the attacker is also the recipient . It's not Alice and Bob and Carol, it's just Alice and Bob. What applies to DRM applies to your webapp as well. The best you can do is make this inconvenient: lock it down by IP range if you can. Make the javascript hard to reverse engineer (there are encryption tools out there). Have the API ask a question only a user would know. Password protect access to the app before you ever send javascript which accesses your web service. Do all this over SSL. Sure, IP address is just one more obstacle, but one that is entirely surmountable for a determined attacker. I'm a happy Groupon user. Not sure if it is working for the companies that I buy Groupons for, but as a consumer I certainly review those emails. Yes, I made one snarky comment and got a number of downvotes. I guess I don't have a common sense of humor. The best way I've found to get upvotes (for comments) is to either: 1. be the first or second commenter and say something insightful or unique 2. reply to the first or second commenter and say something insightful or unique. In my experience, comments further down the page, or later replies to the OP, just don't get viewed as much. But one of the other comments makes a good point. Why do you care? Do employers care about HN scores? Is there a secret club you get into at a certain point? Or is it just about wanting to understand the HN culture better? Yes. That's why they took more investment this year: http://joelonsoftware.com/items/2015/01/20.html Right. It'd be very interesting to learn how the author scheduled when he was an entrepreneur, not a VC. Hmmm.... When I'm meeting with someone about a job or contract, I do a bit of research (check on linkedin, look for a blog or twitter account, google to see what else pops up). I hope I'm not being overly reverential. I imagine if I was meeting with someone to convince them to give me a significant chunk of money, I'd do more research. BTW, this is the same guy who does (or used to do) random meetings with anyone who signed up on a wiki: http://www.feld.com/archives/2006/01/random-meetings.html Wow, that is an intense list of expectations. This was really really interesting. As someone who has been around for a while, it was great to see the journey through your eyes. One thing though. The fact that you were "offered a senior position in ruby, Rails, and front end development" after less than one year of development makes me worry about that "software development contractor company". I wonder if the OP would have felt comfortable being in a senior role. More thoughts on what makes someone 'senior' here: http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/25564/when-sh... (Hint, it isn't just time on the job.) Fair enough. I wasn't sure if it was title inflation to bill end clients more. Good on ya for knocking that interview out of the park. I worked for a small company when my wife had our children. I was the first employee to have a child while at the job. I was lucky enough to be senior enough to negotiate the parental leave that I needed. It was unpaid. My employer did not force me to take vacation time, which was kind of them. A month or two before I left, the COO created a parental leave policy, and I was glad to see it codified. This was a company with under 25 employees, but they could have benefited from this post (and this one, which the OP linked to: http://www.cindyalvarez.com/best-practices/its-not-okay-to-n... ). This. The solution to overhead of hiring isn't "let's do more hiring". It's figuring out how companies can de risk the hiring process. Certainly moving everyone to contracts would do some de risking (definitely around 'parting ways'), but more revolutionary would be to figure out a way to de risk the 'finding talent' part of hiring. They're available, and have been for 6 months (?). Also, negative points for not using the original A-Team in their background image. Because it's hard to make a hybrid app that feels like a native app. It depends on what exactly you are doing, and the state of the art has improved (see the ionic project), but it can be really tough. Source: I participated in building 3 apps (not all successful, but two made it to the app store/google play) using Cordova 3, and wrote an ebook on the Cordova CLI. Fascinating article. I'm no GIS wonk, but I've moved in real estate circles for a while and understand how messy (truly truly messy) property data can be. If Rob wants parcel data across the country, he can pay for it, otherwise its a standartization nightmare. I also love that this is a subtle pitch for a chief database architect (with 3-5 years of experience(?)). If you have time to study, you have time to build a project resume with the technologies you like. It's not easy, but build a few apps, starting with the trivial and then increasing in complexity. Is there a node or open source users' group near you? If it is a major city, the answer is probably yes. Go there and ask folks about node jobs. Another alternative is to focus on the client side javascript that your work has you do already. Even the MS toolset still uses javascript in the browser. That is very possible. If I was still interested in front end development, I'd take a look. Moore's Law FTW. Also, what does the OP want to do. If you want to work with big companies, SAP is probably a good skill to have. Startups, SMBs? not so much. I left a company in the early 2000s (quit, not laid off, if it matters). Then they needed help with something that I'd done. I was happy to help, at the highest hourly rate I could imagine asking for (probably wasn't enough, I was only a few years out of school)--paid up front, thank you very much. I waited to start working until that check was in my hand. I had friends who worked for that company as contractors who ended on a list of creditors. I wanted to avoid that fate. I think this is a great list of the costs of being independent. However, he did skip over the benefits, which are: Closer ties to the market--you are much more employable as a contractor, because you have to be! You have to seek out and sell yourself far more than an employee does, which means you know who is buying what. The ability spread risk across several clients. This is not always possible in the same week or month, but if you are a contractor and are only working for one client for months at a time, you aren't a contractor, you're an employee with no benefits. Seek out other clients and spread your risk. The flexibility to work when you want to work. Both in the small (when you want to start working each day) and in the large (when you want to spend down some of your savings in vacation/tech exploration/etc and not work for a while). The ability to turn down work. Don't discount this as a benefit. If you are an employee, your choices are 'do the work you are assigned', 'ask your manager for different work' or 'walk'. If you are a contractor/independent, you have much the same choices, but 'walking' is far less risky, due to the your awareness of the market and your multiple clients (see above). What he didn't think of was productivity increases. See Piketty's Capital in the 21st Century. Nice to see GWT making an appearance. I used that a lot, in exactly the wrong way, but this use of it, to build backend 'model' code that can be shared, is right in line with its sweet spot. I always worry about transpilers like this, though, because when there are issues, you get to debug in three places (original code, derived code, and translation code). The rule of thumb I've heard is 25-30% of first year's salary is spent on finding, hiring, onboarding and training a full time employee. That was a sobering look at parenthood. You could try the housing co-op options here in Boulder. I have had friends who enjoyed these, but never tried them myself: http://boulderhousingcoalition.org/ Edit: Oops, didn't see the income limitations before I posted. Here's a link to those machine learning services for those who weren't familiar with them (like me): http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/machine-learning/ I think part of the point is that the attractiveness of a contract instructor is that the fully encumbered price is very much closer to the take home salary than for a tenured professor (or indeed, even a janitor). Do you want to be a specialist or a generalist? The field of front end development has finally matured to the point that the question makes sense in this context (just like it has for back end development since about 2000). I think it'd be better to be a generalist (hence some of the comments suggesting gaining expertise in vanilla javascript), simply because things are changing fast enough that it is hard to know which solution to bet on. That may change in the future. However, if you have time to keep up, there's tremendous career value in being on the bleeding edge, as long as you are public about it. See http://www.nczonline.net/blog/2014/07/15/generalists-and-spe... and the HN discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9044233 Someobe local with the talent to drive product, mentor technical teams and manage a remote client is probably going to be either very expensive or a hoy commodity or interested in founding their own company. The combination of these skill sets isn't exactly common. So, if you finding someone like that, how are you going to convince them to work on your problem? Lucky you! I studied under someone who studied with Bill, but never had the chance to meet him. I think you need some serious SEO, because most developers I know just take the first or second applicable result from Google. See also, StackOverflow. How is your site different from that (except for being more focused)? Fascinating. Made me think of 'Beggars in Spain', an SF series that is well worth the read: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beggars_in_Spain Well, it's actually a 100% bump, right? 'Sleeper': 8 hours working, 8 hours taking care of life (eating, etc), 8 hours sleeping. 'Sleepless': 16 hours working, 8 hours taking care of life. I agree with your point though: focus, environment, and pre-existing advantage probably cause far more variation in productivity than 100%. I think NextDoor is different than patch because it is almost entirely user generated content (as opposed to having paid editors). Everyblock, as far as I understand it, was really an attempt to automate distribution of data and information provided by local authorities. The real question, which you touch on, is what do you want to talk to your neighbors about? Crime data is certainly one thing, but local email lists that I'm a part of indicate others: * can I borrow a tool? * anyone have a recommendation for a service (lawnmower, roof replacer, etc, etc)? * I have free stuff in front of my house. * I have friends who want to move into this neighborhood, anyone looking to sell? I think that event organization is possible, given enough uptake. Disclaimer, I used to work for a real estate brokerage that was pursuing a neighborhood model (8z.com) and was a competitor of NextDoor. It's worse because there are far fewer hires. This is one reason I joined a philanthropic group (like the Elks, Rotary, etc). Membership tends to be very diverse, both in age and in occupation. For developers, sure. For other professionals, the market is not white hot. From the article, it looks like it was mostly commercial brokers and brokerage supporting staff who were laid off. I don't know the job market in NYC, so I can't comment on how hard it will be for them to find another job (after they were hired in late 2014 for this one). As far as "the 37Signals way", that path isn't right (or even available) to every company. It's tough though, because when you are a small company that expects developers to jump in and be productive, you do need some kind of process. That process can be referral based, in which case testing isn't as necessary because you can rely on past shared experience, but that obviously limits your talent pool. When you are interacting with an unknown (or a less known) person, you have to have some kind of vetting process. And with a small company culture, typically false negatives are far less harmful than false positives. Right. How much is it to have someone on staff (or available for calling up in an emergency) who knows how to configure mail servers? Far more than 5k/month. aantix: "Don't buy this fud" I think that smt88 was referring to trying to blow up the company, which I agree is bad juju. That doesn't mean OP shouldn't walk (as fast as possible) out of there if he or she isn't taken care of. Would love to hear from any Netflix employees lurking around here. Just ported a project I was involved in a couple of years ago to github. Thanks for the heads up. ( https://github.com/mooreds/gwt-crypto/ ) Following that link, I found an ad for customer service reps for $20/hour in Mountain View. http://www.higherme.com/jobs/135 Is that a livable wage? Fascinating look at future trajectories of four bigcos. For a tl;dw, amazon will buy a retail chain, Facebook I pulling away in identity, Google is losing due to move from web to mobile, and Apple is winning because they've moved down the chain to be a luxury brand. I agree, the title feels like business-speak, but the true value of the article is the affirmation, through example, that "A great leader ... always makes room for everyone to bring their ideas to the table." Hmmm..that is an interesting perspective. I have been to plenty of useless meetings, but also to plenty of meetings which were useful. The latter were characterized by a clear agenda outlibg issues, sides that had different understanding of that problem, and a respect for everyone's time. Maybe I am naive, but I thank that face to face meetings are still the highest bandwidth means of communicating, especially with strangers about goals that are still fluid. Don't get me wrong, they have drawbacks (synchronous, not every one needs to be there the entire time but it is hard to skip in and out). I have seen plenty of email chains "go off the rails" and waste plenty of time too. I think there's a gray area. Certainly most of the companies I've worked for have turned a blind eye to people 'stepping out' to make appointments or take a phone call on a personal cell phone. But to post about the company on a site like Glassdoor, on company time (which was implied) and using a company computer and network, seems foolish to me. After all, you are at work, no? Giving feedback when leaving depends very much on: * how much you care about improving the company * your relationship with the person to whom you are giving the feedback * the interviewer's ability to effect change However, put no advice for the company in your resignation letter. As stated elsewhere in the comments, keep it to a minimum to keep things simple. But, if you trust the exit interviewer to both listen and possibly act on your feedback, feel free to give honest feedback during an interview. It's better to give constructive criticism ('the company could do better about communicating business challenges affecting comp') than to complain ('I'm leaving because even though we exceeded quota, my team didn't get any comp increases'). Just remember that because you aren't part of the team anymore, you have much less credibility than before. I recently left a job and had an exit interview with the CEO (small company). I knew he could effect change, if convinced, and was trustworthy, so I offered some suggestions. I've left jobs with larger companies where the trust wasn't there, and didn't say much in the exit interview. See Stamplay: https://stamplay.com/ which is taking steps toward this. I have had success in raising rates, but you have to be prepared to walk away. I typically raised rates yearly, but also have raised rates after the end of the first contract. Typically I do it over email, and say something like: "As of Jun 2015, I'm raising my rate to $XXX. Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns." Typically I raised the rates $10/hr/year, but that depended on starting rate. Note! You are more valuable to them after the first engagement because you are now a known quantity, so you should be paid more. But, as stated above, you have to be willing to walk away if they can't or won't meet your new rate. I've lost clients as well. EDIT: I've freelanced for about 8 years in total (two different time periods). I will second piwik. I've used it on my own sites. The only issues I've found: * not quite as mature as GA (to be expected) * little support from vendors. For example, I wanted to use piwik for my leanpub books, but that wasn't possible. If you don't want to set up a mysql box, etc, there is a piwik hosted option, which costs money (looks like $65/month for 300k hits, as of this writing: https://piwik.pro/cloud#pricing ). Side note, I wonder if piwik pro pricing is a good proxy for the minimum amount of value/month that GA provides google? Pluses: Stripe increases EU coverage Minuses: global financial earthquake Hmmm.... :) What, no discussion? I frankly was more impressed by the description of the proposed Atlantropa project than I was of the Desertec (though both are ambitious!). That would be a dam stretching ~13 km and between 300 and 900 meters in height. That seems like an very impressive (and difficult) civil engineering project. The Three Gorges dam is 2.3 km long and about 200 meters in height, so Atlantropa would be significantly larger than the Three Gorges. I beat my head on APIs from Google spreadsheets, so good on ya! How does blockspring deal with Google Spreadsheet availability issues? I remember the spreadsheet not always being available. I've been looking for that too. Google Fusion Tables is a bit of what I was looking for, but too limited (and not well supported for general purpose business applications--the main use case was building maps). Just the spreadsheet data being intermittently down, and of course, impossible to troubleshoot. We ran processes against it fairly often, and even had it proxied to some mobile devices. Thanks for the link! Great advice for everyone building on corporate owned platforms today. Yes, sometimes it is the right way for your business to start or grow, but make that choice consciously, not in ignorance. However, on re-reading this article: "Our stuff [his company put a CMS in the browser] didn’t do all that much more, but given a choice between client and browser, the people wanted the browser." And now, you can make the case that given the choice between a mobile web browser and a mobile app, people have chosen the app. Thanks, some really intelligent comments on that thread. How is this different than me hiring a handyman to put up the shelves bought 2 months ago that I never found the time to put up? Is it different in scale or in kind? I don't know what exactly you've tried, and back seat driving on HN about such a tough topic is probably a bad idea, but... Have you tried joining a volunteer organization? I'm a member of a couple, and it's hard to overstate how much it has helped me get out. Helping other people is such a rush. It's not all roses and sunshine, but might be worth a try if you haven't gone down that path. Either a dedicated non profit like a mentorship program or a volunteer organization like the Rotarians (I'm a member of the Odd Fellows, myself) would love to have even an hour of your time a week. I think the volunteering experience is, like so many other things, dependent on who else is participating as well as what you are doing. I hope you explore/are able to explore other opportunities in the future that resonate more profoundly with you. Right. If you view your labor as an investment (and you should), employees are diversified and founders definitely are not. An interesting book on the subject is "Are you a Stock or a Bond" [0]. It really makes you think about how your time/labor has a risk profile in the same way that financial instruments in your 401k do. [0] http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/are-you-a-stock-or-a-bond-moshe-a-milevsky/1111895174?ean=9780137127375 I think there is a huge need for these kind of frameworks. They combine the convention over configuration productivity and tooling that rails and its clones provide, while letting users tap into the massive java ecosystem. Others like this include dropwizard and spring boot, but there's always room for more. Java ain't perfect, but a lot of hard problems have been solved for the ecosystem and building on top of those solutions will save teams time and money. I haven't done much with the other JVM languages except play around with them (did work with a small jython project about 10 years ago...). Have you encountered any impedance mismatch? Or weird cross language bugs? I think the basis for comparison is spring, which has a sprawling API. That is the 800lb gorilla of java frameworks. This is really interesting. So, you are basically saying if you want to work on interesting projects, your options are: * join a team (as a contractor or as an employee, and take the rate cut) * build a team (and move from development to project management, at least part of the time) * become a 'name' in an area and become a true consultant--specialize, but don't pick the wrong area, or if you do, be prepared to switch gears. (You didn't have this, but I've seen this work as well.) Wouldn't it be more precise to day 'or be a subcontractor'? It is worth noting that this trend is actually more common in history then what we consider normal (a large middle class, moderate income inequality). See Piketty's 'Capital in the 21st Century' for a comprehensive look at wealth ownership over time. As someone who just 'picked up' a rails 3 app to add an online order form, I agree that, while you may be able to 'get stuff done', you'll be slower than someone who has experience, no matter how senior you are. At least for a few months. I banged my head against tasks that a RoR developer would have finished far quicker. However, by being willing to train senior folks (and I'm talking my book here, as I am a senior developer), you gain two things: access to a larger pool of applicants, and the value of cross pollination. (I've seen a lot of ORMs in my time, and concepts translate between them.) How to choose whether to train or not? It depends on the length of your runway (longer means you'll have more time, obviously), how many other current folks have knowledge of the solution (and can offer code review or other guidance), how committed the applicant is (tough to judge, but desiring employment vs wanting a contract is a proxy), how far you are pushing what you are building (if it is a normal use case--crud app for rails--a book and a few days may be enough training time. If it is not--high traffic erlang application--you may have a harder time training someone up without extensive partnering), and how hard it is to find someone who has experience with your current technology (there is an opportunity cost to training someone, but there is an opportunity cost to having an empty seat as well). Certainly any senior developer worthy of the name is going to be able to pick up a language and be productive with it in a few weeks. However, they'll make mistakes, just like anyone will, that may require rewriting later. Junior folks are a whole different ballgame. Ah yes, the Dunning Kruger effect in full force: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect Right. And that is the most terrifying piece of it all. Most of the people I know either don't think about it or think the magic of science and innovation will rescue us. But if we fall below a certain level of expertise, we will be gkbers. You can't make solar panels with charcoal fires. I keep thinking of us as mice munching on grain from an overturned truck. Life is great (and the population explodes) until the grain is gone. Then woe to the mice. Of course, people point to other great challenges we have overcome as a species. But is this time really different? I appreciate your comment. Sometimes I feel I am too pessimistic, but either way you're correct that it's not a precise metaphor. I do feel like the majority of humans (including myself, most of the time) are more like the mice than not--from what I see it's a minority that are pushing the bounds of knowledge. Of course, a small percent of 7B people is a large absolute number. Whenever I get too pessimistic, I think of the gobs and gobs of money to be made solving this issue (while still maintaining or improving our current standard of living). That said, I think many market optimists (not that I'm calling you one) don't really get EROEI: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_returned_on_energy_inves... Finally, if someone invents a 10x battery at an affordable price, the whole game changes. Yes, whoops! I think that standups are one of the best parts of Agile, if they are time boxed and moderated well ('let's take this [larger issue] offline' should be heard fairly often). Super easy to implement, and very helpful. I've only worked with small teams (less than 8 folks), but I don't think it'd scale well. Or, at the very least, spend some time outside work on a project that uses modern software practices. Things like the Joel Test (over a decade old) http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000043.html and the 12 Factor App (over three years old) http://12factor.net/ are good places to start. Peopleware is a great book about this very concept. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peopleware:_Productive_Projects... A book from 1987! Nothing new under the sun. I think the rules are still in flux. From the article: "The state's Securities Commission must now create rules before the first equity crowdfunding deal in Colorado is made. Draft rules will be completed by the end of the month and must go through an approval process before becoming official, according to deputy state securities commissioner Lillian Alves." I think that these constraints (at least the investors being in CO) is due to SEC rules. I read Locavesting ( http://locavesting.blogspot.com/p/about-locavesting.html ) a while ago and seem to remember that state regulated stock exchanges operate under a different set of rules. Don't forget, this law doesn't let people bet their life savings on a whim. From the article: "The new law eases the process of raising that first $1 million by letting people ask their neighbors for up to $5,000. While companies must inform investors of the risk and provide quarterly reports, they can skip the audit and other expenses typically needed to attract investors." So, it is $5k at a time. The main difference between this and the normal "friends and family financing" is that it can be a larger number of less connected investors and the company needs to provide reports. Being a member of an investment club (and being surprised at the lack of uptake), I'll be interested to see whether or not the investments allowed by this law are worth entrepreneurs' time. Yes, it's worrisome. Don't forget that we've had 45 years of one of the major parties telling us 'government is the problem'. So, a whole generation has been brought up hearing this as a valid view. And, there's a deep distrust of centralized authority in American history. Up until the closing I'd the western frontier (1890s), that distrust could be mollified by moving to 'unsettled' land. Then the USA had a almost a century of increasing government size and action, and then the Reagan reaction I mention above. Absolutely! I usually buy windows machines because of price/performance, and, to be honest, because I know how to make windows work for me and don't want to learn mac idioms. However, the first thing I do is install git for windows, which gives me bash to navigate the filesystem, and then vagrant/virtualbox/ubuntu for development. I think that it would be tough to move away from slack because of: Ui knowledge Inertia History. The last is most important--if cultural knowledge over years gets embedded in slack, it will be easy to justify the modest ongoing costs. I have found mentors to be very helpful in career or business situations, but I agree with you, they aren't super helpful with coding. Maybe with higher level design or architecture? I'm curious--I was of that mindset too, but how do you account for the ease of: * setting up/tearing down environments * infrastructure as an API (I want a new database... Click) * scalability (or is this a YAGNI?) > whereby Bronze Age proto-druid ceremonial headgear leads to Gandalf's hat. Or, more likely, vice versa, given the end of the Third Age was far before 1000 BC. There's no fundamental reason they couldn't spin off and then IPO, right? I agree, it seems unlikely in the near future given Amazon's history, but it could happen. Maybe 10-20 years from now when Bezos has retired, a new CEO or three has been in place and the public markets aren't as forgiving of Amazon as they are now. Rackspace? And what ever happened to Eucalyptus? https://www.eucalyptus.com/ I don't think she was saying that hiring unemployed people is a poor choice, just that if you require a number of on site interviews, your hiring process requires so much of the candidate's time you are selecting out people who may not have that time available. Some employed folks may make the time, but others won't. Note that the process she suggests (one phone screen, one on site and a decision) is good for unemployed applicants as well. Quick hiring decisions are good for all parties involved, as long as they are thorough. Here's an interesting article on the right way to measure turnover: http://www.ere.net/2003/10/06/the-right-way-to-measure-turno... Tl;dr: provide context. Google person finder for the quake: https://google.org/personfinder/2015-nepal-earthquake Does HR dictate salary? My understanding is that HR has a seat at the table but so do the hiring managers. Interesting perspective for anyone considering moving down market. Note that they almost broke even, but that wasn't profitable enough compared to their other business: During its short lifetime, this project has brought us almost as much money as we had put into its development, promotion, and maintenance. In other situations, almost breaking even after only a year with a new product would be considered a huge win, but I understand they had considerable opportunity cost. Isn't monetization hard for most tools aimed at developers (rather than at companies with teams of developers)? I think that books and book packages that solve a certain problem for a reasonable price point ( http://nathanbarry.com/ The media don't have "sovereignty". What they do is provide information to the public so that the public can exercise sovereignty. There's a reason that freedom of the press is part of the first amendment (in the USA). Worrying, indeed. Support your local ACLU and EFF, etc. Wow. Are people defending the monolithic app? Maybe it is where I hang out, but I'm not seeing many. See for example, Martin Fowler: http://martinfowler.com/articles/microservices.html Where are the payment hooks? Seems like that'd be useful. Oracle Data Cloud | Westminster, CO | Engineers | Full Time | On Site Only The company I work for is looking to hire engineering talent. Here are three job descriptions in particular: Director Cloud Services - https://oracle.taleo.net/careersection/2/jobdetail.ftl?job=1... Sr. Cloud Systems Engineer - https://oracle.taleo.net/careersection/2/jobdetail.ftl?job=1... Sr. Software Engineer - https://oracle.taleo.net/careersection/2/jobdetail.ftl?job=1... A couple of notes (personal notes, not the corp speak in the job reqs): This is on-site work in Westminster, about 25 min from Boulder and 30 min from Denver. Lots of java running on AWS deployed via puppet, but python, node, groovy and R are all used as appropriate. Small teams (3-7 engineers) with a fair bit of autonomy--use Rally and agile processes. Quarterly hackweeks. Forward looking engineering culture--continuous deployment, testing. Volunteer someplace. Helping someone else will get you out of your accomplishment mindset. Funding. I know I submitted this, but the author is hilarious: "We all love cool tech. The blocking and tackling of everyday sales relationships? Probably less so. But having the sales infrastructure to go big? Safe to say we can check that box. What made the deal such a target of the Mocking Class was that AOL and Mapquest are so strongly associated with Web 1.0 (Mapquest is almost 50 years old, actually). But you know who doesn’t mind so much dealing with recognizable entities that have been around for decades? Other companies that have been around for decades and are not immediately stoked to cut huge checks to three year old companies missing syllables from their names." Nope. As you imply, if the contract is over, it's a mutual parting of ways, not a firing. > It pays to network before you need it. This is very very true. Go to those meetups, have those lunch meetings, do good things for others. My second favorite action is to send an article I know will be of interest to an acquaintance or former colleague. My favorite thing to action is to introduce a possible employee to an acquaintance or former colleague. What do you use it for? Yes, the fundamental question is do we want a trustee or delegate form of democracy: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delegate_model_of_representatio... I see a split icon when playing on a mobile device, but I agree that control is really really hard. I even have a hard time on a touch pad--just seems more natural with a mouse. Oracle Data Cloud | Westminster, CO | Engineers | Full Time | On Site Only The company I work for is looking to hire engineering talent. Here are two job descriptions in particular: Software Developer: https://oracle.taleo.net/careersection/2/jobdetail.ftl?job=1... Sr. Cloud Systems Engineer: https://oracle.taleo.net/careersection/2/jobdetail.ftl?job=1... A couple of notes (personal notes, not the corp speak in the job reqs): This is on-site work in Westminster, about 25 min from Boulder and 30 min from Denver. Lots of java running on AWS deployed via puppet, but python, node, groovy, Angular and R are all used as appropriate. However, the primary need is for someone who can help build back end systems in java using tools like Kafka and Hive, or who can play a devops role a largish AWS environment. We operate in small teams (3-8 engineers) with a fair bit of autonomy--use Rally and agile processes. Quarterly hackweeks. Forward looking engineering culture--continuous deployment, testing. Katasi | Boulder, CO | Engineering | Full Time | On Site Only A company I work for is looking to hire a senior Java developer. Katasi is helping stop unsafe driving by limiting cellphone functionality. Right now it is a very small team of three engineers. They have a POC running, and are looking to build the next generation of their system, so it's a fair bit of greenfield development. From the job desc: * 5+ years development experience or equivalent skill level * Experience with and understanding of real time data solutions * Experience with and understanding of distributed programming practices * Writes clean, efficient, testable code * RESTful web services * Java * MySQL More here, plus the perks and 'nice to haves': http://katasi.com/senior-software-engineer Does this get you closer to where you need to be? http://www.kennybastani.com/2015/03/spark-neo4j-tutorial-doc... Severance of 10% of base salary, plus another 90 days of work. Longer than 0%. If I were in these folks shoes, I'd probably take the deal. It's not like refusing is going to keep your replacement from being changed. That said, this seems a clear violation of the spirit of H1B, if not the letter of the law. We need better enforcement of this. The real question is, who is stepping in? Mozilla is very important to keep the major browser vendors honest (beyond being a great piece of software). Seems to me it needs deep technical leadership. Why curiously? RoR hit hit java web development like a ton of bricks, with its convention over configuration and quick start. The end result are java projects like Play and Spring Boot. I am not really a ruby guy, but I'm very thankful RoR came along and shook things up. > a study group of the tech you want to learn Aka an open source project that is written in the stack you want to learn. If this is the case, why do people put tech under the 'requirements' section, rather than the 'desired'? Hiring managers, you are going to get what you ask for. Here's a story about facetime: http://www.fiercedeveloper.com/story/facetime-open-standard-... I am not sure--definitely don't have any real knowledge about this issue. I was just looking for any info about the facetime issue and that came up in the search results. If you've read her other stuff, as I have, it hangs together a bit more, but I agree, this isn't as strong as it should be. Whoops. Here's a better example: http://www.forbes.com/sites/lizryan/2015/04/05/recruiting-is... submitted by me a few months ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9340358 Can you provide more details? Is it vanilla JavaScript? Under active development or in maintenance mode? Approx how big? Goals (make it more modern, add features, migrate it, touch it as little as possible)? I just sent an email to some clients that I've been trying to get to blog about technical issues (for recruiting and retention purposes)--if Monsanto can do it, most anyone can. I signed up. Seems like a good idea. However, I've tried to do this kind of thing in the past, with a spreadsheet on my phone. Just ended up forgetting/deciding not to do it, even with a calendar reminder. Will be interesting to see if the graphs and email reminders are enough to push me over the hump this time and give enough data to make it useful. Agreed. Does Jenkins + github fufill the OP's needs? If not, why not? I am with you. If you want to work like a dog for a small chance at fabulous riches, bless your heart. I might have been interested in this 15 years ago, but now am interested in having a life. Seems like a great idea. However, not sure how much money would help in this situation. All good points. Thanks.