For a few years now, I've been working on an autonomous vehicle ( https://github.com/gtagency/buzzmobile ) that some friends and I hack on. We just recently hit what I'd call 1.0 in terms of a huge system refactor to make the entire system much more robust and testable. I started working on this recently: https://github.com/joshuamorton/tut , and might go back to it. After seeing Kenneth Reitz's Pipenv I wanted to do something similar but a bit more extensive that included testing tools and some other stuff. And tut is the WIP result. Think Cargo for python. Heh, we're a student organization, so there's lots of membership turnover, and that forced us to really upgrade our documentation and build tools over the last year to prevent all kinds of weird issues and allow quick onboarding. I made it my mission over the last year or so to build something better than rosunit and rostest, because having to more or less copy launch files for every test seems arduous. I ended up with the test_utils library that we'll probably spin off into its own package soon, but its a much, much nicer interface for writing tests for ros, and at this point seems to be relatively stable, with one or two minor changes I need to make. Glad its helpful! Neither could I, but that was also well beyond the scope of my Google interviews. > That is, I'd conjecture that the good developers who can (or want to) memorize algorithms and regurgitate basic CS knowledge are one kind of capable dev, and the good developers who rely on tools to a greater degree are another kind of dev. Call them types A and B. I really dislike this characterization. I'm a googler. I've never tried to, or needed to, memorize algorithms. I don't know if this characterization comes from misunderstanding, rationalization, or what, but in my experience at least, neither do most of my coworkers. That is, I at least don't recall a rote algorithm when interviewing In fact in one of my interviews (not at google, but I could see a similar question happening there) I had to derive a solution to a problem in a space I was totally unfamiliar with (locking and multithreading). It seems like, if you assume (incorrectly) that somehow you can't cheat the system, Google is selecting for people who can solve unfamiliar, complex, problems by applying first principles. That is, I think, orthogonal to the idea of 'theoretical or practical' computer scientist. Indeed we do. So, I think my biggest issue with your A/B dichotomy is that I don't see it. That is, in school, in myself, in coworkers, there isn't this large group of people who are trying to do all the theory at the expense of practicality, as opposed to this group of stuff-accomplishers who aren't theoreticians. I mean, occasionally those people exist, both the "fuck it I'm going to sit down and type until it works" people and the "I must understand this concept before I write a single line of code" people. But as you say, everybody is a mix of both, and I think most people are nearer the middle than the sides, which makes the possibility of mild bias towards one side or the other a lot less harmful than you maybe expect. Interesting, when I read those answers, what I see is more or less people saying "management can sometimes be downright bad, and is often stupid". I very much doubt that many of the people (broadly) deciding which products to support and which to drop were hired via a new-grad-like interview process. For things like moonshots/other bets, the "build something awesome but don't monetize it" makes a lot of sense, since the entire point of that division seems to be "build something awesome and see if it is sustainable too". More often than not, unfortunately, the answer is no. In fact, if anything, I'd reverse the cause and effect in your idea. If we presuppose that there is this dichotomy in people and it affect google's motives and goals as a company, then this would influence the tech hiring practices to be the way they are, not vice versa. If you check hacker news and reddit threads from the original posting, that note wasn't on the article when it was originally posted. It was only added later, but apparently still before anyone archived it. Edit: I'm mistaken, however I'll say what I said then again: The note does nothing to show that he actually understands the statements he's making. The note gets the definition of turing completeness wrong too . Except that the original statement isn't really that you can't write a python2 interpreter in python3. In fact, I'm quite sure that those exist somewhere on github, but that there wasn't some kind of transparent interop between py2 and py3. That is, why can't the cPython3 implementation of the python3 language also execute python2 code? To which I think the simplest response is "why can't the gcc implementation of the C++ language spec link arm-compiled C++ and x86-compiled C++?" numpy on pypy may well solve that issue for python though. Pypy is as fast as or faster than c/c++ in some applications/benchmarks. And with python (or interpreted langs in general) you gain a repl, a shorter write -> compile -> test loop, and generally speaking a higher rate of development. I'd agree though, I do want some way to deploy a "python binary" that isn't essentially a virtualenv. I don't know what this statement is supposed to mean, could you rephrase or elaborate? (am googler, but don't work with any of the mentioned products) Keep in mind that all of these products in many cases compete with other companies (music -> spotify, apple, ytr -> netflix/hulu originals, kinda, YTL -> twitch, YTTV -> cable providers). I, as a consumer, wouldn't want these things to all be bundled. I use spotify for my music, and I don't want to have to pay for Play Music or youtube red unless I use those services. I can't even imagine how some kind of "unified google media" thing would work. Right, but from my perspective as a consumer, at least right now, the only service I'm even remotely interested in is YTTV, and the reverse would be even worse. If I didn't want the YTTV package, there's no way I'd pay $40/mo for play music or whatever. A la carte models are a lot more efficient, the reason I don't like cable (and comcast) is because of bundled services, why on earth would I want to move to another, even more bundled, service? Plus you've only handled the subscription portion, even if somehow we fix that. Where do I view this content? Is there a unified media dashboard that connects to 3 parts of youtube, play, and such? I guess my basic point is that these services seem useful for entirely different groups of people. Why would consumers want them bundled, either technically or economically, and similarly, why would Google? Right but I think that most people have used a bank, telphony company, or prescription drugs in the past. OTOH, depending on how loosely or tightly you define what snapchat is ("ephemeral image communication platform", "image communication platform", "communication platform", "social media", "news aggregator"), there are huge groups of people that have never used snapchat or any competing products. There are lots of people in the US who have never used snapchat, instagram (stories), whatsapp, or even facebook messenger (the app specifically), which are the closest comparisons to snapchat. I think that's the point. They have extremely powerful targeting data: geolocation. Afaik, one of snap's biggest revenue sources is geolocked filters. (note I'm not the original commenter). I currently have fb messenger, snapchat, groupme, and twitter on my phone. I mainly use the first 2. I've never used whatsapp or instagram at all. Jits are magic man. Like I said, it depends on the application. For numerical-heavy code, where you're going to be using numpy hooking into MPI or LAPACK, C or similar code will win, it takes more advantage of things. For more complex code, say a webserver, pypy can compete and win, because pypy gets the advantage of, after the jit warms up, essentially profile guided optimization, which means that pypy can, assuming there's some kind of loop (there always is), optimize the hot code paths, and the surrounding code to abuse hot code paths, and it can optimize the hot code paths really really well, better than gcc could normally, because it has additional information (pypy knows how the code is being used at runtime, whereas gcc only knows what information is available to the compiler: types and directives really). Few other apps that I'm aware of provide live advertisements for events happening nearby as part of your natural use of the app in a really noninvasive way, and provide incentive to share those advertisements. Snapchat geofilters are non-invasive and will be seen in normal app use, but don't really bother you. They can inform you of events happening nearby or, if you're at an event, you can use the geofilter when snapping, which shows your friends that you endorse the event/product/whatever, in a totally transparent, opt-in way. That's super powerful. I really want to see some comments from SREs (or similar) at major companies on this. It seems like a lot have a rollback first, ask questions later policy, and I'd love to hear about how they mitigate or flat out avoid the problems described in this article, or if I'm just mistaken. I think a big problem now is that the sites are capable of tricking people. That is, if you have a "turing test" for reliable content website, blogspam.forums.net with 2000 backlinks and such obviously doesn't pass. On the other hand, Reuters.com does. But so does theonion, and Breitbart and random_russian_conservative_propoganda_site.us, and so it becomes a lot harder to differentiate the good from the bad without explicity curating by experts, because the sites can trick non-domain-expert humans, so what hope does a bot that hasn't tried to learn domain expertise of the topic have? No, that was valid, concise, actionable feedback. Your original post was flippant and was not actionable. Although since gpkit almost assuredly uses the cPython c abi, and there is no emscripten backend for cPython, even this (much less flippant and much more actionable and valid) feedback isn't actually actionable because you cannot execute python+some c module using emscripten. I think its just as easy to memorize 'design' questions as 'whiteboard' questions. Not every whiteboard question is "implement a linked list", in fact I'd argue that's very rarely the case (or maybe I'm wrong and I've been insulated from these interviews). Most of my whiteboard interviews have involved a relatively small amount of actual coding (I think I had one question that was more than ~15 loc in python, and I've interviewed a few times). The rest was taking a relatively abstract problem presented in English and understanding it, removing ambiguities, and discussing tradeoffs with the interviewer. After that, a recursive function or a hash map or whatever is really easy. >>Therefore it was showing signs of not scaling. Perhaps, although it seems as though it was less "not scaling" and more "someone exploited our system to spin the CPU" from my reading of the thread. >"flippant" means "not showing a serious or respectful attitude" And I hold to the claim that a 2 word response to an ask HN is absolutely flippant. Please explain to me what is actionable about "Doesn't scale"? That is a problem. Or, well, it could be a problem, it might not be a worry for them, but lets assume it is. "Doesn't scale" isn't actionable. Had your second post been the only post you made here, I don't think we'd be having this discussion, because while in this case it turns out to be not very helpful, it is at least actionable. They can look into emscripten and python, see that it probably won't work in this case, and move on. "Doesn't scale" doesn't do that. Its the difference between feedback that is "you have a lisp" and "you have a lisp, try practicing speaking lyrically or rhythmically and it might disappear." It might help, it might not, but its actionable. "you have a lisp" isn't actionable. I'll quote the Show HN Guidelines: >Instead of "you're doing it wrong", suggest alternatives. When someone is learning, help them learn more. As for what you think of my comment, I have a few objections to your statement: 1. I don't actually see an 'ad hominem' anywhere, I only commented on your original comment and how your feedback was unhelpful. No commentary on the user, only the content. Please specify where I did, because I would prefer to not go around attacking people on HN, even unintentionally. 2. I went so far as to complement your second post and say that it was an example of good feedback. 3. You didn't post a Show HN, there are no guidelines on my feedback to you ;) That said, if your emscripten suggestion was made in good faith and not just a CYA "suggestion", I apologize, I misread your tone. And like I said "you have a lisp" isn't actionable feedback. It is a factual statement, but it suggests no action, and in fact, the person with the lisp likely already knows. Because "it doesn't scale" doesn't imply that you need to increase capacity right now. "It doesn't scale" could mean that "this will be problematic when you have 2,000,000 users", or as you used it, it could mean "I can't get to your site right now". Personally I don't consider "it doesn't scale" to mean "I can't use your app right now". Which comes back to my core point, once again, that your original post, "Doesn't scale", isn't actionable feedback, it didn't clearly convey any immediate problem nor did it provide a clear action to follow. The fact that you've had to clarify your post to multiple other users should be evidence of that. How do you mean? By "removal of ambiguity", I'm talking about when someone poses a problem like "Write a function to recognize an IP Address". My first thought is then "ipv4 or ipv6", because that problem is underspecified, and I don't want to inadvertently solve the incorrect problem (which is kind of a case of the xy problem) Or similarly, the application is multithreaded and the list length at `idx = randint(list.length)` time is greater than the next line `obj = list[idx]`, when you pick one of the last few indices and objects are removed. >The fallout of these disclosures potentially contributed to a building coup attempt in Turkey by forces loyal to the US (which the US tacitly supported) that burst just a week after the disclosures. I thought the conclusion was that that coup attempt was more or less theater by Erdogan. Organized with his approval and prior knowledge, destined to fail, and used to enact martial law. (am google) To be fair, if you use google maps, and don't have any ethical issues with helping googler, you do get a return on investment, in that you get improved ML capabilities and improved address recognition in google maps. (disc: googler) How could you make an open standard for this? Do you mean an open standard for apps-in-email? Or an open standard for doing things in gmail? I've used discord. My family is never going to use discord or a discord-like app. For that, we need sms or MMS. One of the problems with discord is that it becomes very bloated to use (fromm mobile). It takes 3-4 interactions to get to the friends list so I can message someone. With sms/mms/allo/fb messenger, I open the app and my friends list is just right there, staring me in the face. Optimized for different usecases comes to mind. I was speakng about android. I think there's a vast difference between 0 and 2-3 interactions. I mean in many ways, Discord is 2 apps in one, you swap between them by swapping between the servers and friends views, and I think its worth recognizing that fact. Choose your own adventure books are still reading though. I think that there's also a much more similarity with analyzing a novel than reading one for pleasure. Reading code has a much greater mental tax than pleasure reading, it requires more focus to actually put together what's going on, and that's similar to analyzing a novel for a report, where you might read the same passage 4-5 times, taking notes. Or even better yet, analyzing a poem, which are often short (and often obey 80 char line width rules!) and analyzing them can require a great amount of focus and thought to decide why a poet used this word in this way, and what meaning they intended to convey and such. That's much more similar to reading code than reading a novel, and I expect also less common. So what counts as evidence? Differences in hiring rates, different percentages of the workforce, pay gaps, lack of advancement, mountains of anecdata? Because it seems like when confronted with data, people are quick to shout "correlation" and "cultural factors". How exactly is farting inappropriate? Right, but I'd argue that doing that is also something that could be construed as harassing your coworkers. Perhaps not in the common usage sense, but certainly in the "spitting on someone is assault and grabbing a coworkers ass is sexual harassment" sense. I wouldn't consider letting out a fart anymore inappropriate than excusing oneself to go to the bathroom, but doing either in a way that you know will disrupt and cause coworkers discomfort is inappropriate and harassing, not because of the act itself, but because of how you handle it. Its worth pointing out that this doesn't help you much. I have 3-4 email addresses, from @gmail to @myuniversity to @mywebsite. I send and receive all of my mail from a Inbox though. Well I didn't really have a point to be made, just a general informational statement. However, claiming that I'm violating your trust if you send me an email is a bit of a strong statement, don't you think. You said >I might be misplacing my trust and share things with people who end up sharing it with third parties, violating my trust I take that as "If I send an email to someone and they share it with third parties, they are violating my trust...Google/gmail is one such third party." I think it is worth noting for everyone that this really is a form of impostor syndrome, and people should take note that even someone who is very highly regarded is susceptible to that kind of thing. For what its worth, having dabbled in some visualizations of concepts, its really difficult, and I didn't find that the available tools were well suited for mathematical visualization. Its really unfortunate that to be able to present something intuitively, there's a very high technical skill floor as well as a relatively high artistic floor. Time I need to spend managing clients is time I don't spend on self improvement or development. I'd prefer to specialize and be a better software developer than a decent software developer and mediocre client wrangler. I think the fact that you call java not-compiled, but python interpreted shows your misunderstanding in this area. Both run exactly the same way, they are compiled into an intermediate bytecode which is run in a "VM". The normal Java VM has a JIT, the normal python VM does not, but pypy does and achieves performance on par with some of your compiled languages, at the cost of reduced c compatibility. I know C, Java, python, and a limited amount of javascript and go. I prefer writing python. And, for plugins, there are enormous downsides to using something that is compiled (C, go). that was a typo. "not-interpreted" was my intended statement. And I'd love for you to show me a python variant that is compiled in the same way that C is compiled. The closest is nuitka, which...isn't. I have two chrome profiles on my work desktop. One, my work profile has gmail, calendar, drive, keep, spotify, and fb messenger pinned. The other has nothing pinned, but is logged in to reddit, hn, my personal email, youtube, etc. I get my work done and no one seems to care. As the other user mentioned, those are compiled in the same way java is compiled, but not in the same way that C is compiled. They still need an intermediate VM to run. It is about 80% an instance of the sunk cost fallacy, but RSU payout is based on past performance, so higher performing employees will be granted more RSUs. That means that if you got a 10% RSU bonus over average due to performance, you'd be losing out on a portion of your compensation for your past work. Also there's something to be said for "the mirage I know is better than the mirage I don't know". Although in general I'd agree, if you're capable of performing well at one of the big guys, you can probably go to any of them, and get a starting bonus to offset your "losses". Lower than in Bay/NYC, but still good, partially offset by the lower state tax rate, and (signing) RSUs aren't any lower than in the Bay, which means that take home pay for someone in Colorado after rent can be higher. A good place to start would be poking around github for "CS 2110 gatech gameboy". CS2110 is the intro-to-low-level course at Georgia Tech, and about the middle third of the course could be described as "getting comfortable with C syntax in the completely foreign environment of a gameboy advance by writing games". As a result, there are some provided libraries that are very extensive. For everything else, there's tonc. Most of the time the course doesn't cover the more advanced features (mode 0? or was it 4, or 6 that did sprites and textures) but it was a fun introduction to something, and I got to write flappy bird in C when flappy bird was still culturally relevant. Take a look at SQLAlchemy/django's ORMs. Personally I have two uses, one is in proprietary code, but the idea is basically use python to generate json, but allow incoherence of json pieces via natural python flows. (metaclasses specifically allowed me to reverse the flow of creating objects, so that visually, code wouldn't look like inner1 = JsonObject(config) inner2 = JsonObject(config) outer = JsonObject(config, children=[inner1, inner2]) but instead class outer(JsonObject): inner1 = JsonObject(config) inner2 = JsonObject(config) _config = config ish. With this isn't not clear why this is important, but with highly nested structures, having the python code visually mirror the output in terms of nesting is really nice. The second is at https://github.com/gtagency/pyrostest/blob/master/pyrostest/... . This isn't strictly necessary, but "The documentation states that all test_* methods in a RosTest subclass spin up roscore" is a lot simpler and safer than "if you forget to add `RosTest.setUp()` and `RosTest.tearDown()` at the beginning and end of all of your setUp and tearDown methods, your tests will fail. (and further, future invocations of tests may fail until you run something like `killall -9 roscore && killall -9 rosmaster` in shell because you've unintentionally broken your environment." Generally speaking, Metaclasses allow you to make better user interfaces for developers, and avoid the repetitive kinds of things you encounter in "enterprisey" code. Specifically, they allow you to make interfaces much more declarative than you otherwise could (ie. the SQLAlchemy example of "this is a table and here are its columns" vs. "My table is a function that takes in some stuff and magic happens within it") You'll get surprises such as your subclass being indexable when you (probably) don't want that. I actually wanted prepare in production, because it would have allowed me to override the class dict with an ordereddict, which was a more preferable solution to making output jsons deterministic than just sorting the components, but you do what you can. As for init subclass, if you're alright with a DSL that does weird things with the class line, it can be useful, as an example applied to SQLAlchemy, they could do this (in pseudo sqla): class MyTable(Table, primary_key='uid'): uid = Column(int) which would enforce via the api that there can only be 1 primary key. How do you mean? So for prepare, imagine you have a class whose entire job is to be serialized to some external format. I'll use json, but it could be csv, yaml, whatever. Heck, maybe you're doing code generation and its a group of functions that will be placed into another file. Say I have an instance of this class: class JsonObject(Serializable): key = "value" second_key = "second_value" This gets serialized to { JsonObject: { key: "value", second_key: "second_value" } } Except that sometimes what you get is { JsonObject: { second_key: "second_value", key: "value" } } Minor, but important, difference. Python stores object attributes in a dict. Python's dicts are unordered, and so when serializing, the order that things are printed in is undefined behavior. That means that now instead of just using a normal diffing module, you need to write some json-differ that parses and compares the json, and you lose the ability to do side-by-side comparisons. So you want deterministic, ordered, output generation. Now, to be clear, you could model your api like this: output = JsonObject() output.append(key="value") output.append(second_key="second_value") And that works well for this simple example, but as soon as you start nesting things, it gets confusing, so just assume that for reasons you want this DSL for code generation. You have 3 options: 1. Create some determinism: your serialize function looks something like this (pseudopython): def serialize(self): for k, v in self.attrs: write(jsonify(k, v)) A fix is really easy: def serialize(self): for k in sorted(self.attrs.keys): write(jsonify(k, self.attrs[k])) Not bad, but a few problems, you can't customize the output order, everything now needs to be comparable, and its a smidge slower, especially for really big objects (remember: you're writing a DSL for generating large serializable things, there's a good chance you'll want to have some way to autogenerate large quantities of data to be serialized). 2. add an `_order` attribute to your class, then your serialize method becomes def serialize(self): for k in self._order: write(jsonify(k, self.attrs[k])) Well, now you have to forward declare everything, which is kinda annoying, you're populating your namespace with crap (what if your generated json/python/whatever needs a `_order` attribute!), and if you ever forget to update your order attribute, your stuff doesn't work write. 3. Replace your class's dict with an OrderedDict. Now, you've done some dark magic to do this, but you don't need to forward declare, your users control the output order naturally in a way they expect, and you don't have to sort a bunch of things every time you want to serialize any data. (admittedly python 3.6 I think voids this issue by making the class dict and OrderedDict anyway, but that's technically an implementation detail) Does that make sense? Exactly. You probably don't want this thing that is essentially a namespace to be indexable, but you index into it, which is a bug, but it quacks like a tuple, so your mistake propagates silently, which is a bad thing . Its more permissive than one would expect. Although the bigger issue is what dragonne mentioned. Note that this says "per expert". I'm not sure what exactly you'd consider an "expert", but I think a reasonable definition of "expert" could result in your average expert being a million-dollar-a-year engineer. Except that there's no such thing as the field of "AGI" (or if there is, its a subfield of philosophy). Asking modern ML and Deep Learning researchers about their thoughts on AGI is like asking the wright brothers about a mars mission. Sure, they're the closest thing we have to "experts", but there's not just one, but likely 5 or 10 more field, if not world-changing leaps we need to make before the technologies we have will resemble anything like AGI. And that's ignoring the people who ascribe diety-like powers to some potential AGI. Air gap the computer and control the inputs and outputs. We can formally prove what a system is capable of. That fixes the problem. You don't need to prove anything about an AGI system if you can prove things about its I/O capabilities. I recognize that proving things about machine learning models is very hard, I tried to do some research in that area and got practically no where. And I think you and I have very different definitions of Rigorous. Like I said, unless you'd take Wilbur Wright's thoughts on a mars mission seriously, I don't think you should give much thought to Geoff Hinton's thoughts about when we'll get AGI, and I say that having enormous respect for him and his achievements. (and using him as a simple example) Its pseudoscience. We're notoriously bad about predicting the future. I don't see any reason to trust people going on about the dangers of AGI any more than the futurologists of my parents generation, who predicted flying cars and interstellar travel, but missed smartphones. Perhaps, but if the alternative is either incredible fear of the technology, or the technology potentially killing humanity, then "making great strides in a select few fields" seems quite good. This is also true. You see all of these things like Hawking and Musk talking about the AI Apocalypse (when they aren't even experts in the field), and it gets people scared when, at this point, there's very little reason to be. On the other hand, I don't actually know Hinton's opinion on these things, and he might agree with me (in which case, you absolutely should listen to him!). But instead the loudest voices are perhaps the most ridiculous. That said, I do think that if I asked you to make a bet with me on when we would approach with even 50% confidence, your error bars would be on the order of a century. An airgapped computer is not going to be capable of taking over the world. Further, Turing completeness is not required to be "useful". You can get to the moon without Turing completeness. Well, exactly as much as any other cpus can do by solely controlling it's output electrons: not much. Let's not ascribe deity-like powers to things that we can understand fairly well. Pray explain how you could use the electrons coming out of a CPU as a side channel. I don't need anything specific, but I'd prefer something that doesn't sound like its taken out of a Heinlein novel. You're again using terms incorrectly. A "side channel" implies that someone is listening to information that is unintentionally leaked. Unless your expectation is that this CPU is going to start side channeling our minds with the EM waves its emitting (which again, "deity-like attributes"), we'd need to be specifically listening to whatever "side channel" it uses, and it would require knowledge of and access to that side channel. Something being able to send additional information over a side channel doesn't help unless that information is received, and so realistically, unless your hypothesis is "mind control/hacking the airwaves/whatever via sound waves the chip emanates" or similar, which are preposterous, it'll always be just as easy for the thing to transmit information via the normal channels. This makes me think you don't know what the word "airgapped" means in this context. 1. I'm not sure that I agree. Not all research is a race against time. But, perhaps you're right, I'll accept this. 2. Certainly the most plausible thing we have now, I'm not sure that that makes it plausible, but better than anything else. so okay. 3. This depends on what you mean. Neural Networks are actually significantly easier to analyze than arbitrary programs, when you essentially restrict yourself to two operations (multiplication and sigmoid or ReLU), things get a lot easier to analyze. Here are some questions we can answer about a neural network that we can't about an arbitrary program: "Will this halt for this input?", "Will this halt for all inputs?", "What will a mild perturbation of this input have on the output?", these are as a consequence of fineiteness and differentiability, which are not attributes that a normal program has. (caveat: this gets more difficult with things like RNNs and NTMs, but afaik is still true). The questions that we find difficult answer for a Neural Network are very different than for a normal program: namely "How did this network arrive at these weights as opposed to these other ones?" and related "What does this weight or set of weights represent?", but I don't think that there's any indication that those questions are impossible to answer (and often we can answer them, like for facial recognition networks where we can clearly see that successive layers detect gradients, curves, facial features, and then eventually entire faces) 4. Agreed. There's no real reason to know why it works if it works. 5. I think you can tell, but I don't think this holds. While I obviously don't know for sure, I'm quite confident that there are a nonzero number of employees at any very large Tech Company that are engineers (ie. do development work, commit nontrivial code), and whose compensation is over $1,000,000 USD. I doubt its common, and I would expect that many of those employees are not "just" engineers (ie. at the point where you are doing work that is that valuable, its almost a certainty that you are leading a team, and you are designing things), but I'm confident they exist. I expect you're referring to this article: https://www.damninteresting.com/on-the-origin-of-circuits/ I think the closest conventional thing would be a sandbox escape/backdoor. Although (not that I'm an expert) I've never heard of anything close to a sandbox escape using side-channel like things. That said, like I said, most side channel attacks are either time based, or involve things like heat and power usage of the system. The thing about all of these is that they generally allow you to get a small amount of data out that can sometimes help you with things. But again, without ascribing magic powers to the system, all the stuff that it can directly affect: power draw, temperature, disk spin speeds, monitoring LED blink speeds, noises, even the relatively insane things like EM frequency emissions can all be controlled relatively easily, and no matter how smart it is, I don't see an AGI violating physics. And because it was attached to a web api, it was likely still io bound, so it didn't matter. Context and knowing the right tool for the job is important indeed. "Perhaps you won't, but since we don't know yet exactly what you'll be working on, we might know broadly what PA or even project, but we can't know what problems you will encounter or what direction it will take to debug any problems that arise, we want someone with a broad base of skills who can at the very least recognize performance problems and solve them in a simple case. We expect that if you can solve this relatively simple problem in an environment with no resources, that with the aide of documentation, profiling tools, and teammates to lean on, you'll be able to address much more complex issues that arise. On the other hand, if it takes you documentation and teammates to solve this simple case, who knows what kinds of tools it will take you to solve real world problems that arise." "Correlation does not imply causation" doesn't imply that correlation never implies causation. (also @google) Scale makes it easy to have an outsized impact. Consider that a single CPU core costs ~10$/yr in electricity, and that google has a really big computer[1]. The questions are then "how many CPUs does google have", "what percentage of those can any given change affect", and "how many such changes can one engineer make in a year?" And that's just one type of potential change. [1]: http://www.clickhole.com/article/future-now-google-has-confi... Well, keep in mind that we also don't know the timescale this was over. If it was $120mm in a year, then that's perhaps crazy, but 120 million over 5 or ten years? With 80 billion in revenue and ~75K employees according to a google search, that means that there's an expectation that an average hire will drive $1 million in revenue per year. To be paid 120M/year you'd need to drive significantly more than that, but to be paid 20M/year, that's now someone who is 50x the average employee, not 200x the average employee, and that's reasonable. I think we all know an engineer or two who is extraordinary. The moderators of place are the admins, since it was an official reddit function ;) >Another option would be to just throw them into a source code tree and say something like "Here's a tree of one of our projects. Talk to me about it." "Its in perl, I don't know perl, and especially not your internally modified version of custom-magic perl that Steve wrote 7 years ago." Not to mention that you are now either showing source code trees to random potential hires, or you have to audit/create/otherwise use some potential set of source code. Maybe you prescreen by asking them their favorite language, and you come in with an open source project, in their language of choice, but now you have to have one of your devs spend time familiarizing themselves with Redis or the Python interpreter or Hibernate Core or Angular or whatever, and what happens when they ask to do the interview in Haskell? FWIW, I know some companies that do the interviews you're describing, but they're all relatively small ( (Also, and this is just conjecture: its possible that Apple intentionally overprices their pros as a sort of "look this is premium" cost, while the goal of an xbox is mass market sale). It is though, here's someone else saying essentially the same thing: https://superuser.com/questions/690388/why-do-workstation-gr... . Drivers that prioritize accuracy, and ECC ram fall well within the realm of "lower threshold for error", and price discrimination is covered by my parenthetical. That said, the reason that custom SoCs are often less expensive than mass market cards is just because they have fewer things on them. If you don't need an FPU (which you obviously do here, but as an example), you can leave it off, which saves silicon and saves money. General purpose cards needs general purpose things, but a custom chip can often leave out certain components, although I don't know which ones those might be in this case. Unfortunately I'm not familiar enough to give you a conclusive answer. One big thing is that most consumer-class GPUs use normal memory, whereas workstation-class use ECC memory, which can correct for bitflips that might occur during normal operation. To further clarify: does unlabeled mean "we didn't use sentiment data" or "we were only trying to predict the next character given the prior characters", since the amazon data does come with associated 1-5 star ratings, were those used or not? That's what I thought, and that makes this all the more interesting! Indeed, although I'm not as familiar with transfers this far (that is, fine-tuning models is really common with image recognition tasks, but often you take a model trained to recognize objects in images, and train it to recognize different objects in images, but you're still recognizing objects in images). This feels a bit different, in that yesterday I would have had no strong intuition that "a char-rnn can detect text sentiment better than sota". Looking now, I can rationalize that idea. I get why it might make sense, but it was non-obvious. Do you disagree with any of that? (and if you do, I'd love to see this distance of transfer in literature, its always cool to read up on these things) >Actually, Google pays under the average of top companies, because as a top tier company, they can afford. Most people I know who went to work for Google took a pay cut but don't have a single regret about it. Compared to who? They pay more than AMZN/MS/FB/AAPL/etc. for equal level, but are stingier with levels. You might be correct that certain other companies pay more than Google (Netflix maybe?), but they're certainly above average. It entirely depends on what project you work on. When I interned, I had to deal with a lot of custom datastructures, but since I started full time, I haven't (although my next project might?) > Google is more generous to good performers via bonuses once you are working there, but if you have two offers in hand, you are going to find Google highly resistant to negotiating. The notion of people taking a pay cut to work at Google sounds plausible to me. I don't think that's true. While google is by all accounts (including in my personal experience) unwilling to move significantly on base salary, they'll happily match pretty much any offer with stock from my experience (and the experience of others I've talked to). Ah, you're correct, I was specifically told "we don't take cost of living into account when deciding compensation" or similar language. (which isn't strictly true either) That said, from what I've seen, compensation growth at Google from everything I've seen is faster than at the other companies, which means that for someone coming in at L>3, they will likely be given greater compensation at google than elsewhere. I'm curious as to how they misrepresented things. I was actually pleasantly surprised once I got here by how extensive the benefits were, but I'm always interested in learning more, since while I actually think that 4 google interviews is a decent way to judge someone for google, I really hate their interview/negotiation process. Then that person is doing all the legwork, but someone else can come along and create a KB themselves with those answers. >Sine and cosine waves whose frequencies are multiples of a fundamental frequency, form an orthonormal basis w.r.t. the inner product given by integrating f(x)ĝ(x)dx over one period of the sine This, by the way, was perhaps the most mindblowing thing I learned in my advanced linear algebra course. I had already learned about applied Fourier Transforms and the FFT, but seeing the same tools we had used to prove things about Cartesian bases could be applied to something so unexpected, with such powerful results, was incredible. I'm curious: what makes you believe that the man was "immature" and "belligerent"? Eyewitness accounts and videos seem to imply that he was not, and as more facts have come out, I'm becoming more and more convinced that what United did may was a violation of their own policies, and perhaps the law. So, I'm a nonexpert, not going to source this, and am repeating hearsay. Salt this comment to taste, but: While I won't dispute that the moment he refused to deplane, he violated the law (you're required to follow the instructions of flight crew), the request that he be removed was also a violation of UA policy from what I've seen. Here's some things that I've read - He had previously volunteered to deboard, until he learned that it would be such a long delay - This was not a case of overbooking, the 4 people added to the flight were United Employees, not overbooked passengers. - UA policy states that airline employees will be the first people bumped from a flight in the case that it is overbooked - (According to someone on reddit, so extra salt:) All of the overbooking regulations have to do with seat assignments. You shouldn't get bumped once you're assigned a seat, much less seated, and doing so may be a breach of regulations by United. If that's the case, then the crew were absolutely breaching UA policy when he was removed, and they may have been breaching federal regulations when they asked him to deplane. To be clear, that's no excuse for refusing to deplane (even if he knew he was in the right), but it's not as simple as "he was disruptive" if the request for him to leave was illegal. To expand on fnord, to my knowledge, pickle handles all of these things. Its still a bad solution, but it does everything you want. pickle.dump(f, anyobject) anyobject = pickle.load(f) To be completely honest, if this is an issue, that person probably shouldn't be using patreon at all. My point is that if you're living paycheck to paycheck in such a way that when you get paid impacts when you can pay your expenses, you shouldn't be paying for things like patreon, you should be saving that money into a rainy day fund. That is, people living paycheck to paycheck aren't (and shouldn't be) the target audience of Patreon, because they really shouldn't be using Patreon. Or in other words, if "a $1 charge at the wrong time can be seriously problematic", you shouldn't be spending on patreon, you should be instead saving up that money until a $1 charge isn't problematic. Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong here, but this problem is solvable by waiting a month to join the service, and paying each month with last month's funds. Also the snark isn't appreciated. Edit: To clarify, what this really comes down to is that I don't think patreon (or any company) should be going out of its way to encourage people who may not be financially stable to subscribe to recurring charges for things. That seems abusive, not empowering. Indeed, but I expect that's also true for matlab's vanilla solution. >Waiting a month for an expense you actually have the money now for is just plain poor manners on the billing agency. Perhaps, but I also don't necessarily think of Comcast as a design we should follow. If I understand >Think about that statement in the light of a non-ad supported web. correctly, your implication is that this will cut people who can't pay out of services (ie. things become subscription based and then non-payers are excluded). That at least can be solved by freemium models (which is what Patreon does), although Mz goes further and states that even that can be alienating to people who want to pay but can't. FWIW, as someone who is a consumer of a lot of things that I don't subscribe or pay for (including some patreon based groups), who I probably should start supporting, because I can and I'd prefer that they continue existing, I've never felt like I don't have access to media I want (note that this is different than "do I feel like I'm unable to support something I enjoy"). I'm relying on the morality of creators to continue producing (good) free content, and only producing special content at the price, but so far at least that's been a good assumption. >but people with this issue don't solve it by "saving up" and some people will never be well off. Agreed. Although at least for patreon, which in my experience is freemium, you aren't worrying about basic access. If we were talking about a newspaper subscription or internet access or an all access subscription to some content creator who only gave access to patrons that might be different, but "premium access to extra content a creator makes" is something that I don't spend money on. In an ad-free world that might change, but it also might not. Now, on the other hand, there's perhaps an honor in saying that I shouldn't be taking money from people who can't afford this. I think its difficult, because you either end up inadvertently taking advantage of people or alienating people, but I don't see a way to do neither. (I'm thinking of cigarettes and lottery tickets as corollaries here). >If you do not allow for the possibility that the 99% can help pay for it, you also inherently cut them out in other critical areas, like having a voice in design and services. I make two comments here. The first is that (again at least with patreon), I see it as an expressly premium service. My view might be wrong, but from that perspective its worth replacing "Patreon subscription" with "concierge drycleaning subscription", and I hope you wouldn't have a problem with me saying that as a general rule people really shouldn't be using a concierge drycleaning service if they are living paycheck to paycheck. The second is that this isn't (necessarily) a 99%/1% issue. My comment was specifically addressing people with no savings and who were living paycheck to paycheck. While that's a lot of people, its not 99% (at least in the US). That's not to say that you're overall point is wrong (classist design is bad except in specific circumstances), but if you're going to make that claim, I think its important to be clear about the classes. I'm honestly not sure how that has to do with what I wrote. In any case, have a nice day as well. How did you get that out of their statement? Given that your rule of thumb is one that only developers would know or care about, yes...exactly. Developers realized that their rule was stupid and impractical (not just inconvenient, but actively impractical: async interaction is faster and requires js), and so ignored it. And you've been able to mute people in various group voice chat programs (made for talking with friends) since forever. I'm really intrigued by what all you're doing that you have this kind of problem. I maintain a pretty complex vimrc, and deploying it is normally just a git clone. I've never had any of these issues, and when I started at google (which provides a nice collection of internal vim configs and plugins), combining the two and getting everything set up took me O(hours), not O(days). What are you doing? Its just bad because the .git folder means that any time you delete an old git repo or anything, you get a fevered email from dropbox reminding you that you just deleted 10000 files. Wait, that doesn't sound like a problem with your vim config, it just sounds like you had a broken version of macvim. Most autonomous vehicles already do this to some extent or another. Tools like ROS (which Uber at least uses for its vehicles) practically handle this for you. The ros tf2 (tf for "transformations", not Tensorflow) library allows you to basically input a 3d model of your vehicle, like you might get from CAD, add the pose and location of your various sensors, and it will automatically handle the spacial transforms required to build a singular world model for you. Not 80%, 80% off. When you come across a single credit card number (say, by finding someone's card on the ground), the response by most financial institutions is to invalidate that card and mail them a new one. Why shouldn't the response be the same if you come across a stack of 100 credit cards? How is "someone has stolen your clients information and likely already sold it to nefarious actors, because otherwise it wouldn't be on the internet anywhere, so you should keep them safe by deactivating those accounts" threatening? I'd be annoyed if my bank didn't do something. So? When a website has its passwords stolen (even just the hashed, salted ones) the immediate step is to invalidate every password potentially compromised and force users to reset them. Doesn't matter how or why the passwords were lost, you start by mitigating the damage someone can do. Why isn't the response for when credit card information (which is very often more valuable) is stolen similar? >You're basically saying "academics can derive your social security number using public information!" No, I'm saying that if my name, social, DoB, mother's maiden name, and credit card number appear online in a csv file with 200 other people's personal information, I'd really appreciate it if my credit card company would take proactive steps to keep my accounts secure. Being large does not imply being a monopoly. That's ridiculous. If the bank is aware that my credentials are available online somewhere and are taking no action to protect me, they're being complicit in any harm that comes to be, because they have both the responsibility and ability to take action, and refuse to. They're being irresponsible and potentially harming their clients. So again, how is saying "You should take action to protect your customers' data" a threat? How can it be interpreted as a threat? What is threatening about it? (disc: googler) But in many ways this is anti user. There's a huge value in getting search results based on context and knowledge about you. Its nice that when I google "go", the first result is golang, whereas DDG returns Google.com, Go.com, the disambiguation page for Go on wikipedia, and finally golang. Further, when I type "frequent flyer number" into a google search bar, it returns my personal frequent flyer number (scraped from emails). Some people (rightfully!) find that creepy and invasive. I find it incredibly useful. Making a tool used by billions of people less useful isn't good. > I'm saying that all monopolies are bad. Including regulated, natural monopolies? (I'm speaking of utilities mainly). Sure they're not great, but I can't think of a better alternative. True, but wars don't generally provide necessary services. That is, most people would like to avoid wars. Most people would prefer to have utilities. You answer your own question: society vests them with the authority. As a similar thought: why do we only allow police to give citations for crimes, instead of allowing anyone to cite anyone for a crime? I'm curious, under this train of thought, vehicle hardware should also be open source, right? >Why? We literally never see that with top shelf products. This isn't an arduino solder job. This is going to be an integrated software and hardware package that will rival an aircraft autopilot/navigation. Please check you facts on the cost of these things. Google claims that it dropped the price of lidar by a factor of 10x once it started producing them. That seems like a significant, factual, drop in cost. A Kantian approach also works here though. The price dropped from something ridiculous (~100K) to something manageable for a luxury car (~10K), and certainly reasonable as a cost offset by multiple consumers (like in a rideshare environment). >Quick, what's the reaction time for Waymo's driverless cars? Support your answer with evidence. >For extra credit: describe what the reaction time is for Waymo's driverless cars are during various points of the garbage collection cycle. Aight, I'm not familiar with Waymo's cars specifically, but with And yes, this isn't incredibly difficult. For reference, in my experience, running 2 cameras and a low power lidar (along with associated outputs to hardware actuators and such) off of a 2013 (or maybe a 2011) macbook pro, the limiting factor was always the lidar's 15fps framerate. So your argument went from "its economically infeasible" to "I don't like it!"? I know of someone who got an explicit yes, but the project was a toy and didn't really require it. >which are expected to be as little as $80 I've been paying close attention, and the lowest price I've seen has been $300, and I don't believe any solid state lidar has yet to be produced at that price point, despite companies claiming they could more than a year ago. >You emphasized anyone but by allowing developers to take the code proprietary, their users (which are using your code) are being denied the freedom you promote. This is of course the distinction between GPL and BSD-type licenses. One gives developers all the freedom they want while the other ensures that all users (including those using derivative works) are given those freedoms. Their users are not being denied the freedom to use my code, their users are being denied the freedom to use their code, which is their right. The cynic in me really thinks its important to wonder why there exists a GNU, and not an organization formed around and sustained by the MIT license. >Unless they know it came from you and where to get it (which will not be advertised), they are. And almost all licenses require attribution. >Also, after you die and your source code is gone, the derivative work could still go on to whatever success and none of the users of your code will have access to it except for that developer of the derivative work. This makes no sense. The source code of what I did will still be around, and still be attributed. Dying doesn't make my work disappear into the ether. >The cynic is me says the answer is that the people interested in MIT licensing are not very interested in sharing their work with others in an organization. What does this mean? That's an awful lot of assumptions in one sentence. >But again, just because it technically exists somewhere doesn't mean a user of the derived work will know how to find it This sounds pretty ridiculous to me. Can you cite an example of abandonware that completely disappeared from the public internet but continued to be used by some user-facing product? It seems to me that if development stagnates on a project entirely, its almost a certainty that the project is unused, or has been forked (and potentially new changes have been placed under another license). >nor what parts that work are actually covered by your code prior to finding it So, the open source license should really only be relevant to highly technical users (that is, my parents will never care about the license software is under). I'd hope those users are capable of discerning what the OSS licensed software does. This is fair, and admittedly I'm young. By the time I started writing code, github already existed. I can't really fathom a situation where all versions of a library could fall out of public access, unless that library was truly and completely unused. >Can you use 'self' as a key? Without looking at the code: yes. `self` in python is just convention. Interestingly, most of ROS (core) is py3 compatible. Its only a lot of the libs that aren't. Unfortunately, that includes some very common libs. >All the Waymo cars will have a technician who can take control in an emergency. This is likely more due to regulatory reasons than anything else. Waymo's cars have an exceedingly low rate of required intervention. The windows patch contains mitigation techniques for the vulnerability, likely enough for an attacker to to reverse engineer. Its better to have the details out in the open so that users can take action to mitigate in the meantime. And Tahoe (light snow) and Seattle (rain/fog) and a couple of other places. Sure, most testing has been in the Bay Area (although at this point I'm not actually sure if that's the case anymore). For technological or regulatory reasons? (for context, I often see cars without steering wheels tooling around Mountain View) Why is that relevant? The person stated that they expected autonomous vehicles to take 20-50 years to have no steering wheels. My point is, such vehicles already drive on the roads in some places. The limits are already often more regulatory than technological. >I wasn't replying to the person, I was replying to /you/. And my point still stands. How do you define a "fully autonomous vehicle" is an important question. Consider the following three possibilities: - Drives better than the median human driver in average weather conditions on half of the roads in the US (alternatively, for harder goals, replace with US+Europe or World) - Drives better than 95% of people in 95% of weather conditions on 95% of roads in the US - Drives better than any human in any weather conditions on any road in the US I'd argue we're almost certainly past the first milestone, and probably at or approaching the second, and the third will never be reached, but that doesn't matter. >A vehicle which can navigate autonomously 95% of the time might not be that far off (I still call it a decade though), but those last 5% (thus, no steering wheel at all) are going to be way harder. To give but a few examples: humans are taxed by navigating roads in snowy weather at night, but they usually pull it off. Or intersections controlled by traffic police. Or intersections with undisciplined drivers pushing in. I'll be interested to see an autonomous system deal with such situations gracefully. Fwiw, I'm fairly confident that waymo's vehicles can handle flagmen and have more experience driving in the snow than I do. And I'm sure they can handle aggressive or undisciplined drivers. Conversely, there are situations that AVs will handle much much better than humans already (a neighborhood with a lot of kids running around and shrubs occluding them for example). For context, we know that the first goal (better than average driver in half of road conditions) is now achievable by teams of 1-3 people on a tight budget in O(months) (and really, maybe weeks), since people have done that and posted it on the internet. >I agree on the first and third milestones. Or kinda -- perhaps the first milestone is only reached for California, or for US highways yet My anecdotal experience shows that there exist vehicles capable of tooling around on highways and city streets without the need for human interaction. >but from a I'd-like-to-arrive-at-some-point perspective. Because then again it becomes about human interaction (being assertive without being an asshole, muddling your way through this blocked intersection through essentially non-verbal communication with the drivers around you), and computers will (inherently, perhaps) be worse at that than humans. There's a good video I've seen about how the Google cars can increase their assertiveness until they can go. >Except, again, that humans will be able to judge body language or the rules of a game the children are playing, and anticipate instead of being confined to reacting Not if they can't see the children because, as I said, they're behind trees. >Perhaps my pessimism also stems from the fact that the oh-so-smart driving assistants in my car are so shitty Indeed, that's why I clarify that Adaptive Cruise Control isn't the same thing as an autonomous vehicle and you shouldn't use one to judge the other. Another example of this is that many open office buildings that are (or seem) relatively high density are over 150 sqft/head because of restrooms, meeting rooms, and corridors. (Fitting the rule, I'm a googler). It helps that Google employs about 10x as many people as Uber does. Its the same reason you see lots of Microsoft SWEs here. (am a googler) The accusation here is that Levandowski stole proprietary hardware designs, not algorithms. (well there was also an allegation that he stole "math" but alsup denied that) (Disclosure: I work at google) You're ignoring a big part of this though: Waymo is given expedited discovery and is allowed to look at Uber's hardware. The injunction says that Uber cannot use Levandowski or any of the work he brought, and so Google['s expert] is allowed to look at Uber's hardware and make sure that none of it is based on the stolen documents. On the assumption that waymo's claims are true (ie. Uber is basing their work on stolen proprietary designs), this is a major blow to Uber, since they would need to redesign their lidar hardware from the ground up. I did. The injunction states that the Fuji lidar may be infringing on trade secrets, the court can't rule and is unwilling got make a prelim injunction, telling Uber to chuck it off a cliff, but will allow expert analysis to confirm. The problem is that Waymo made some overbroad claims and so Alsup is punishing them for it by making the injunciton weaker (and he states as much in footnote 6). That's also what is covered in part 6 of the injunction relief. They are granted additional depositions and analysis of "schematics, work orders, source code, notes, and emails" regarding lidar. In fact, reading the trade secret infringement part, it reads as though there's no question that levandowski stole documents and that those documents were used to create Uber's lidar using proprietary information from Google. That doesn't bode well. Edit: Or in other words, Alsup's questions aren't whether or not proprietary info was stolen, but whether or not it is still being actively used. "Again, that Fuji -- and, at least on the record, no other LiDAR -- copies specific GBr3 specifications is striking evidence suggesting that at least some evidence from Waymo's files has already found its way into Uber's Lidar designs." "At this stage, that is sufficient to extrapolate that at least some of the information in the 14,000-plus downloads likely qualifies for trade secret protection, and certain relief is warranted to prevent the misuse of those downloads as this litigation progresses." Note that these two quotes are about a separate way that the Fuji likely infringes on the GBr3. It really does seem like Alsup would have provided further relief if waymo hadn't been so broad in their claims of infringement (again, see footnote 6: "Waymo's inequitable conduct is factored into the relief granted herein") It seems to generally come down to this: "For similar reasons, this order also declines, at this stage, to enjoin Uber from using even the specific asserted trade secrets on which Waymo has shown serious questions going to the merits — i.e., Even a limited injunction as to these specific features would impose hardship on Uber’s overall LiDAR development that is disproportionate to Waymo’s limited showing of misappropriation by defendants thus far" There's a difference between code written and tools you used. Just to compare, 2007 was the time of python 2.5, Java 6 and Windows Vista. I would certainly hope people have upgraded to newer tools than those. Right, and Windows XP was deprecated 3 years ago after a 12 year lifespan. That people are still using XP is, honestly, inexcusable. If you want a 10 year deprecation policy for something someone else is maintaining, you should be prepared to pay for the salaries of the engineers who will maintain it for the 5 years after everyone else has moved off the system, or just build your own api ;) Elsewhere in the thread its been explained that "google get's to look at Uber's Lidar" is really "Google's lawyers and some non-employee experts get to look at Uber's Lidar". Essentially its Chinese walled, your average Waymo engineer (in fact probably every waymo engineer) isn't going to see the documents. 1. A preliminary injunction was issued, just not a sweeping one 2. "is striking evidence" is a phrase that to me implies that the Uber lidar likely infringes, please explain if you disagree. 3. Speaking of bias, elsewhere in this thread you say "As far as I can tell from reading the injunction, there wasn't a single case of a trade secret from those documents making its way into Uber's technology." [0]. Given that Alsup believes that Waymo has demonstrated "striking evidence" to the contrary, will you revise that position? [0]: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14342469 Right, waymo attorney is what it is, but waymo expert does not imply waymo employee (much like waymo attorney doesn't necessarily imply waymo employee either) >Evidence. I'll wait for the results of the hearing to see what the overall judgement is. Have you forgotten that all trials have evidence both for and against? But the evidence wasn't enough to issue a preliminary injunction, which means that there is no smoking gun. Yes there was, that's what this document is. >A preliminary injunction was issues against Levandowski No, a preliminary injunction was issues against Uber preventing Levandowski from working on things. As far as the court is concerned, Levandowski isn't a party in this case. To be clear, this Order is an injunction against Uber, no one else. That's the way the court sees it (and this has been made pretty clear in prior arguments). There was enough evidence to issue a preliminary injunction against uber, just not one that required them to stop working on lidar completely. This is despite what Alsup says at the end of page 12, which I read as being the main reason (and again, alsup clearly states this in footnote six) that the injunctive relief isn't stronger. Or in other words, Alsup was, based on the evidence provided, willing to place a stronger injunction against Uber, but has not as a way to 'punish' Waymo for overreaching in some of its claims. I'd take some time to read section D. It pretty clearly explains all of this (basically, Waymo asked for the court to account for Adverse Interference to make a stronger judgement, and the court denied because Waymo was also misbehaving). That's a strong accusation to make without any kind of supporting anything. (am an eng at google) How else do you provide 24/7 support? (I work at google) FWIW the privacy policies pretty clearly outline that your information isn't given to third parties. So this is already guaranteed. I'm obviously not a lawyer, but to my knowledge, a privacy policy is a contract that ensures that your data cannot be used in certain ways without your express consent. A future google would have the option to update their privacy policy, but they couldn't use your information unless you opted in to the new policy (which companies often do by saying "if you continue to use this, you opt in"). No legal contract would be capable of doing that. Then wouldn't the right course of action be to talk to a lawyer and not ask google to charge you for something they already do for free? Indeed. However you also made it clear what you don't understand. Consider 1 person per year being born. If you assume the growth rate is exponential, then you will see that the first year, the growth rate is 100%, the second year the growth rate is 50%, the third year the growth rate is 33% and so on. At any point, you can fit an exponential to the graph tangential to the current point. It won't fit much, but you can still do it. A decreasing exponential may be exponential, but it also very well may not be. But we'll need to look a few years into the future to be sure. That said, expert opinion seems to be that growth rate is at this point linear (or iow an exponential that decreases each year so as to appear linear) [0] [0]: https://ourworldindata.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/update... To be fair, at least in wikipedia's case, that's potentially a good thing. Wikipedia isn't ad-supported, so having their data hosted elsewhere isn't actually a problem (as long as credit is given and so donations continue), because it becomes less expensive for them to host. Fair. (I work for google, but nothing to do with firebase) How exactly is what I think is best summarized as "we had a bug in our pricing system that was undercharging a miniscule number of users by an order of magnitude, and when we fixed the bug, they were informed of the price increase and we even gave them ways to mitigate, but their app architecture was terrible which made it difficult or impossible, and then after they raised a stink about it we reduced the cost/credited them enough to be mutually agreeable" as predatory? >(who do you call if gmail craps out on you?) When was the last time gmail crapped out on you? >I find considerable irony in this assertion considering we're talking about Google here. If any organization should know about the emptiness of promises of anonymity it's Google. So, you're assumption is that the 15,000 engineers who are subscribed (including multiple people in this thread), are incapable of determining whether or not the list is actually anonymous? Its a google internal list, how do you think people submit things? Your argument seems to boil down to "these 15000 people don't actually know what's good for them", and I find that (as a subscriber) incredibly infantilizing. >they are, actually. they're being accused anonymously, but that is cold comfort because anonymity in an organization and social setting like that one is a false promise. That's not what an accusation is. "Someone did something that made me feel uncomfortable" does not accuse anyone of anything. >the ease by which candid identities can be discovered and correlated makes this a deep flaw if you mean to use it as a defense against potential abuse of the list. You don't think the list curators thought of that? C'mon. >I presented the principles of due process in the U.S. justice system as a model for how to manage disputes in other systems as well. Which are irrelevant. Half of those things don't apply in civil cases, much less a company's HR process, much less something that isn't a disciplinary tool. But if we're going to use the constitution as a point of argument, it also prohibits restrictions on speech so if Google as a company intends to uphold the constitution, it shouldn't restrict its employees right to speak to each other about anything, including complaints about perceived sleights. Once again: comparing this list to any kind of disciplinary tool or group is misleading and conveys a misunderstanding of the list and Google. Its mission, as I understand it, is to inform people of ways in which coworkers feel hurt or uncomfortable, so that employees may better understand each other. Anything beyond that is driven at an individual level. Just a few questions: - Do you believe that an employer should only fire someone for things that are illegal? If yes, why, if no, how can we rely on the legal system if they are being fired for things that aren't illegal? - Do you believe that this innocent until proven guilty legally applies even if other employees are leaving as a result of their conduct? Say a manager whose reports seem to quit very quickly complaining about sexual harassment. When does the company have the right to fire the troublemaker? One employee that quits? 5? 10? - Should a company be liable for actions that its employees take on its premises during the working day? That is, if I complain about a coworker, and then am forced to continue working with them, and then am hurt (we'll say physically to make this simpler), should I be able to sue the company for forcing me to continue working with that person despite my complaint? - Related to the prior two, but broader: at what point does the economic effect on the company outweigh their moral duty to protect employees accused of misconduct? Keep in mind that a company has a duty to shareholders as well as to its other employees. I hope you don't think that a company should be willing to go under to continue employing a single employee, no matter their alleged misconduct. - A company has a moral duty to protect employees from firing based on implication. Does it also have a moral duty to protect employees from harassment? I'm sorry you took my post as a rhetorical trap, it wasn't intended as such. You stated that "that kind of action ought to wait until a real legal judgment has been made." Which to me comes across as rather absolute, your response has made it clear that that wasn't entirely true, so my apologies for misunderstanding you. From your comments here though, it sounds to me that you consider an HR investigation an unfair process, would that correctly characterize your view? To be clear, I do believe your stance is untenable, but that doesn't mean my statements are in bad faith, these questions are more or less the reasons that I believe that the stance that "companies shouldn't fire people before they're found guilty of a crime" is an untenable stance (and s/companies/universities or other organization/ for a broader conversation). I don't think that an organization can hold itself to the ethical bar you think is proper without causing itself (and its constituents) a level of inconvenience that is too great. For a society or government, where membership is not voluntary, that is necessary, but for groups whose members are free to leave (for whatever definition fits the group), it doesn't work. You can't simultaneously have a group that people will want to voluntarily join in and one that protects abusers. >This has created the atmosphere of a moral panic which leads to numerous false accusations. It's a troubling circumstance. Why do you believe this to be the case? From my perspective, I've seen very few examples of false accusation (certainly not enough to call them "numerous") and many more examples of actions that go unpunished. Really I think that's what defines the core of our difference in view. You seem to believe that there is some great number of false accusations flying around, and further that these false accusations are causing innocent people great harm. On the other hand, I see many instances of people who should be punished for actions that are unacceptable go completely without consequence. Can you see why, from my perspective, I don't see our current situation as tragic, and indeed see it as a vast improvement over the past (which had an even greater number of unpunished actions). As a very recent graduate, my same comments apply, more or less, to universities. >as someone with more years and perspective Wasn't it you who said we should speak in good faith. I prefer not to be patronized. I asked you a question, which applied equally to universities as workplaces, that could be summed up as "As someone who has recently been at a university, and is currently in a workplace, I am aware of many more (perhaps orders of magnitude more) instances of abuse that goes unreported or unpunished as compared to instances of people being falsely accused of things. Given that, why should I take your concerns seriously, other than your wisdom and perspective?" You avoided it. Its difficult to take your concerns seriously when you avoid explaining them. Or in other words, I have anecdotal evidence that a lot of harassment goes unreported, and similarly anecdotal evidence that relatively few accusations are false ones, and anecdotal evidence that in many cases, being forced out or punished for perceived harassment won't actually have a lasting negative impact, and certainly won't be life-ruining. Actual data tends to agree with me. If, as I believe, for every 1 false accusation of something, 10 instances of that thing go unreported, why should I stand for focussing resources on providing additional (and perhaps unnecessary) protections to the 1, when at the same time there are 10 victims, and perhaps 10 assailants, who go without justice and punishment, respectively? Google project shield was released first. It was announced in early/mid 2016, whereas AWS shield was released in December. There's a wiki article somewhere that was brought up when this discussion happened on reddit that states that members of security details aren't usually granted immunity, only consular officials are. EDIT: I found it [0] [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diplomatic_immunity#Diplomatic... >98, my friend. Did you realize this whole controversy is over a 2% gap? I'll mention two things: the first is that other studies find that the 2% is closer to 5 or 7%. Still not 23 or 25%, but more significant. The second is that even that 2% number, over a lifetime and with interest is very likely something like an extra year's worth of income. That means retiring a year earlier, which I'd say is very significant. Except that vote fuzzing was always a thing, so when you'd see 1000 upvotes and 100 downvotes, that could be off by an enormous amount (I think a reddit admin said by a factor of 5x or 10x in extreme cases, ie. frontpage posts). Except its unlikely that "sufficiently random" refers to "do not equal each other" in this context. Its likely that "sufficiently random" means "passes one of a variety of proofs of being statistically random (for example: nlogn repetitions of fisher-yates)". That implies randomness, but doesn't imply "doesn't equal any other deck of cards" except with high probability. In short, yes. And there's currently an ongoing arbitration between Google and Levandowski separate from this suit. This is not a criminal proceeding. The thing to note here, is that as far as Alsup is concerned, Levandowski isn't a party to the case. There's Uber and Waymo. Uber has been instructed to get information for Waymo as part of a civil proceeding in which Levandowski is not a party. To do anything less than their fullest to compel Levandowski to give that information to Waymo would make Uber liable. Its worth remembering that, at this point, this is only a civil suit, so among other things, silence can actually be used against you (adverse interference). You're correct. That was a typo on my part. Polling data wasn't even wrong. It was almost spot on in measuring popular vote totals. The mistakes were solely with some state level polls (and really not even mistakes, just high uncertainties) and poll aggregators. Really, I think most of the incorrect predictions came from one error: assuming a higher level of independence between state results than is actually the case. Nate Silver/538 talk about this some, and they gave Trump the highest (~30%) chance of winning on election day. >Nate Silver just like NYT gave Hillary a 90% chance at the start of the day He didn't though, and that's my point. What you're saying is factually untrue, they haven't updated their prediction since election morning, and it sits at 71% Clinton [0] (Updated Nov. 8, 2016). If you don't believe that, then you can take a look at archive.is, which provides timestampped copies. This [4] is an archived copy from well before polls closed (3:30 PM), there are others from earlier in the day. I don't know what led you to believe that it was a sure clinton win, but that just wasn't the case. Clinton won the popular vote by somewhere between 2 and 3%. National polls from just before the election (also per 538, [1]): +4, +2, +3, +4, +4, +4, +4, +4, +2, +3 An arithmetic average of those gives C + 3.4. Take Florida, a state trump won, here's polls taken in Novemeber [2]: +1, -3, +0, +2, +1, -4 An arithmetic mean gives -.5, Trump won by about a percent. Take Pennsylvania [3], another close state. November polls again +1, +2, +4, +6, +3, -2, -2, +0, +0, +2, +2 An arithmetic mean gives Clinton + 1.18, Trump won by about .7, so this was perhaps the greatest polling blunder, and its still a margin of under 2%, which isn't unheard of. [0]: https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/ [1]: https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/... [2]: https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/... [3]: https://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/pennsylvania [4]: https://archive.fo/4EQGB >The problem here is that marketers are only measuring click through. I'm curious, do you really think this is the case? Like, do you really, honestly think that no advertising company has had this thought before? I just looked, and every post made more recently than this one (as of now) has exactly 1 point, so its not that crazy to see this on the front page. Its worth watching the video in its entirety. That's not true. Python 3.6 beats 2.7 in most benchmarks, its just that there are a few places where 3 is slower (like startup time) that make a lot of things look bad, but that don't actually affect "speed" as most people would consider. Their business customers probably really do care. Companies run off of AWS and GCP. I'm sure that spotify and Snapchat and Netflix get considerable value from those guarantees. It absolutely is. Consider that that means that python takes 2-3 frames to start up. I'm not sure one should or could reasonably consider that "slow" for interactive use. If a module imports anything, it cannot be assumed clean, since any of its imports may execute code, and they will not be available at compile time. > I also don't see evidence linking the Flynn conversation to the firing Trump stated it was due to the Russia investigation in the CNN interview the next day. And whether or not it harmed the investigation is irrelevant, the question is whether the intent was to harm the investigation. So given that 1. Trump asks comey to stop the investigation 2. Comey doesn't 3. Trump fires Comey 4. Trump claims that Comey was fired because of the russia/flynn investigation I don't see how you can read this any other way. The point is, firing someone because they wouldn't end an investigation is obstruction. Sure, his intent wasn't to "obstruct justice", but his intent was to obstruct justice. So then under this definition, apple is also a monopoly, as is pretty much any walled garden app store company (ie. Valve, arguably Amazon, Microsoft, and any other company with a platform that allows third parties to use that platform for a cut)? To be clear, in the US, there is at least one major competitor to Google in that space (Apple), so a price increase would lead developers to leave the platform. And in much of the rest of the world, sideloading APKs is a very, very common way of installing, so google taking 50% or 99% would lead to more third party app stores (note some of these already exist) and users sideloading APKs without Google taking any cut whatsoever. I'm just curious, what data do you believe google gives to advertisers? I work at google, and I see this trope on HN a lot, and I always like to see what data people think is given away, since a lot of the time they seem to be under the impression that either Google's privacy policy is different than it actually is, or that Google's privacy policy isn't actually something that Google follows, or that it doesn't protect them from something for some reason. So, what data do you think google gives to advertisers/third parties, and what do you think Google does with the data it does have about you? (and by you I mean the generic you if you personally stay away from Google, and by Google I mean Google, but fwiw, you could probably replace Google with Facebook or Microsoft and ask the same exact question) That's a different conversation (hardware licensing vs. app store). Also I'm curious, I see you posting pretty often, and about 80% of your comments are anti-Google specifically, is there a reason for that? >as far as I know, they are under no legal obligation to delete or restrict access to data collected under previous iterations of the policy (obviously IANAL) I'm fairly sure that they cannot without your permission, although they can assume your permission if you continue using the service after they change the policy (and you're informed of the change), and at least with the changes I can find online, Google at least generally seems to give users the chance to opt out of changes. Edit: a quick search for examples backs up my claim, I can't find any situation where a company could modify its privacy policy in a way that would affect existing user data, and apply that new policy to users who were no longer using the platform. Either its not legal, or companies voluntarily don't do that. So, I asked you for examples of Google (or Facebook) sharing your information with third parties. While I agree that Facebook's practice of advertising via "Josh liked XYZ product" is not something I want, it is not an example of facebook sharing your data with advertisers. That happens entirely within the facebook platform. I think its a misleading way to present the information, but its not sharing any information (your likes) with anyone who didn't already have access to that information (your friends). This is by definition security by obscurity, is it not? >Even if it happens within a platform it's still a very concerning problem. I don't necessarily disagree, but "Xcorp is presenting personal data that you've released publically in a misleading way" very different than "Xcorp is giving personal data that you assumed was private away to third parties". I think the second is a lot more serious than the first. >If a company decided to put cameras in people's homes to improve "customer service" that business would be out of business the next day. I'm not sure I agree, given the popularity of smart TVs and the recently announced Amazon Echo Look. I make no judgement of whether this is good or bad (I personally don't have any always-on recording devices), but I don't think its true. >I understand that this is a result of people not wanting to pay for access to websites and online-services but, in my opinion, that's because they don't understand the ramifications. See, and I disagree here. There are certain kinds of services that money cannot provide. Google Now recommends news articles to me, it can give me reminders about upcoming events from my emails and Google gives me some personalized search features (ie. if I type "frequent flyer number" into the default google search bar, my number appears, scraped from an email years ago). Those features have a utility that I couldn't get from an application that didn't track information about me. Potentially I could self host something with that level of utility, but it would take a research lab and millions of dollars to create. On the other hand, reddit, which tracks comparatively little information about me, reliably recommends trending posts that are of zero interest to me. >And I think that's the main difference between our viewpoints. Personally, I'm not ok with a company having so much information about me just for the sake of convenience. I'd rather have to write my own scripts to scrape through news feeds or just continually check blogs that I like rather than a company having all that data about me. This is a fair view to hold (I think the rest of your post goes off into slippery slope land, but its based on a realistic fear), but at the same time, I think you need to be aware that you (or I) won't be able to recreate some of the things that these companies can do, no matter how much time or effort we invest. Its also worth realizing that you're essentially stating that these experiences should be inaccessible to those who are nonexperts. That is, if in your perfect world, MiGooBookZon doesn't exist, and you make due with a set of scripts that you wrote that scrape some RSS feeds you care about and order articles based on some ratings you hardcoded for personal use, where does that leave all of the people who don't have the technical chops to write a set of personal scripts to scrape the news sources that interest them? So just to clarify, because a different company, in a different industry, did something illegal that had nothing to do with privacy, you don't trust privacy policies? But that's not what I asked. Let's assume for a moment that you trust google completely, and believe that they won't do anything untoward with your data on their platform. But we all know that google gives some data to advertisers. I'm asking what you think that data is, hence I asked >I'm just curious, what data do you believe google gives to advertisers? It sounds like you're saying that Google has a lot of information on you, which is probably true, but how much of that gets given to third parties? (and if you're claiming that the information you described is given to third parties, I'm confident that you're mistaken). >First of all, you need to acknowledge the vertical integration. Google has a lock on manufacturers, who have no option put to license Android, and as a requirement of that, must include the Play Store, You mean like the Kindle Fire, which runs a custom version of AOSP and doesn't include the play store? You have it backwards. If manufacturers want to access to the play store on device, they need to meet minimum standards, not the other way. But again, that's beside the point. No matter what, there's less vertical integration on the android side of things than on the Apple side of things, which has no alternate play stores, and which requires you to pay apple to be able to sideload apps. And even that's mostly beside the point, because what we're talking about is a cut being taken from purchases of paid apps on the play store. That has nothing to do with devices at all. And what I said is true, if the price that Google took from app manufacturers increased, app developers would raise prices or leave the platform, and as a result users would too, and move to iOS or Windows Phone if it came to that. Or, they'd do what many people already do and sideload APKs via other app stores, like the Amazon App store or F-Droid. So again, there's one ecosystem with multiple hardware provides, multiple appstores, and the ability to sideload apps entirely, and another ecosystem with one hardware manufacturer, one app store, and no ability to sideload apps without paying additional money, and the manufacturer and app store are the same entity, but your argument is that the first example is more vertically integrated? >Second, I wanted to address the accusatory notion of the back half of your comment, and point out the hypocrisy of Googler coming in here and suggesting others have ulterior motives for their comments. What hypocrisy? I don't hide that I worked for google, and generally make an effort to reveal that when I'm posting on google-related topics (and I do so in this thread) Ulterior implies hidden motives. I'm not hiding anything. >I speak a lot about Google because a lot of people disproportionately speak positively about Google even though they should not. This cleverly avoids actually explaining why you rail against Google so much. You're begging the question. >You are paid by a company being directly suggested to be destroyed/broken up Indeed I am. Given that I'm very forthcoming with that, I don't see why that should matter though. Its not like this thread will have any effect on my livelyhood. I think there's a very simple one: google employees, by and large, use google products. If google is mishandling user data, that means that they are mishandling my data, and my boss's data, and my boss's boss's data. That is, unlike with VW vehicles, individual employees are directly negatively affected. Why edit your post instead of responding? That's such an odd way to do things and breaks the order of conversation. >Security and privacy are actually distinctly different concepts with very different implications. True, but you cannot have privacy without security. That is to say, if I pieces my personal information to 5 different groups, but all of them are vulnerable, your data, all of it, is vulnerable, and an untrusted Nth party can attain all of it. On the other hand, if you give all of your personal information to a single secure party, you know who has the data. Obviously, its a bit more complex than this because often times larger groups are single sources of failures, but still. For a nondigital metaphor, your list of kinks is less likely to get out if you put it in a safe deposit box than if you rip it into 4 pieces and tell your closest friends to put their piece under their mattress, even if no friend as the whole list and you trust each friend more than your bank, because an adversary can probably figure out that you gave it to your friends, and can break into their houses, but won't be able to crack the vault. Are you familiar with the difference between options and RSUs? Even that's not quite true, Pichai's annual comp is likely much lower than that, since his 200m grant is over some number of years. (Which is to say, talking about compensation is confusing). I think it depends on your definition of "quite common". 100% of the time? No. 5% of the time, also no. But then, more likely than not, your testing how long it takes someone to learn your stack, and not how well they can solve problems once they're using your stack. (or in other words, total time taken to do n tasks is mn + b, where m is the efficiency when using your stack, and b is the time taken to originally learn your stack. b is relatively large, so with n=1, that's a very different thing than with n=100.) My edit more clearly explains the issue: >or in other words, total time taken to do n tasks is mn + b, where m is the efficiency when using your stack, and b is the time taken to originally learn your stack. b is relatively large, so with n=1, that's a very different thing than with n=100. For clarity, I work at google and I'd argue that for all but the most trivial problems, it would take even a good candidate more than 45 minutes to get their bearings. Most new hires do multiple days worth of codelabs before sitting in their desks. Sure, but my point is that it really doesn't matter when everything is unfamiliar. Imagine I put you into a situation where you're using piper, bazel, gflags, and protobuffs instead of git, make, argparse, and json, its going to take time to get your bearings no matter what. You'll have to figure out 2-3 new syntaxes. Sure, you can limit scope, to things with 1-2 files where everything is handled for you and no data transfer between systems, building, or commiting required, but then we're getting into a class of problems where your limited to relatively simple, logical issues with very well defined APIs, a class of problems that data structures fit very, very well. I'm a recent grad, I like to keep track of interview questions. Personally I've been asked dozens of whiteboard questions across a number of companies. I have friends who have interviewed at countless places. I don't know a single person who has been asked a red black tree question. Where do these get asked. What year? I'll ask a related question: Why license it under the GPL? What does Google gain? (and what do you gain) Do you though? Google, as the liscenser is free to keep portions of fuschia under lock and key, so that's not really the case. I'm not trying to, I just don't think that using GPL would make them any nobler, except in the eyes of GPL-fanatics. Your forgetting an important one. The default is a bsd-3 like license. Google prefers to release everything under that single license unless there are strongly compelling reasons to do otherwise, and "it can't hurt", even if it we're true, is not strongly compelling. >Here is a thought: Maybe if Google started (threatening to) enforce the GPL against vendors, this would be fixed. Sure, it would also destroy their business relationships. But it would actually fix this security problem, today, immediately. This is naive and you know it. In reality, what would happen is 3-4 years from now, once the lawsuit has run its course, maybe vendors would need to publicize their binary sources, but given that much time they might just develop in house solutions. Macro metaprogramming can (and in practice often does) break ctrl+f search. If I want to find the definition of PREFIX_varname, I'd expect to grep for "PREFIX_varname", but often, the correct solution is to search solely for varname, because PREFIX_varname is defined by a call to MACRO(varname). Modern python supports optional type checking. I don't believe either of those can compete with python+numpy (or matlab if you're masochistic) for numerical computation (and everything that comes with it). >The inability to reliably cut-and-paste example code and the total mess you get when people have combined spaces and tabs which could result in ambiguous code is a danger that could have been side-stepped quite handily. I have never encountered either of these problems, pasing issues are trivially solvable ("+p), and who uses tabs? >No, in (almost) all other mainstream languages you have some kind of block-end block-start markers. {} And in many languages, those are optional in certain contexts (as someone else mentioned: see heartbleed). What do you mean? MyPy supports comment based syntax for python #include a.h #include b.h #include c.h MACRO(varname) welp. Ack, you're correct. Believe. Do not take action against individuals without investigation, but at organization levels, take measures as though the complaints are true. >Do not take action against individuals without investigation He says on the same line. >Take measures based as though the complaints are made in good faith. Which is to say, do more than just investigate. Take action as though the complaints are true, although not necessarily all the action you would take if you knew the complaint to be exactly factual. You should always investigate, even if (to borrow your formatting) you believe that they believe that their statements are false and are making a bad faith accusation. It would still be correct to investigate if that was your belief. If you believed that the accusations were entirely factual, then perhaps the immediate step would be to fire someone. But if instead you simply believe that the person is accusing someone of something in good faith, something has already gone wrong and there is a problem. Even if no one did anything wrong. To put it in terms that might be more familiar, every complaint is an incident and should involve a (blameless) postmortem that asks how the system failed such that someone felt the need to complain. And action should be taken in response. Sometimes, the system failed in such a way that it allowed a malicious actor to do a bad thing, and that malicious actor should be reprimanded, independent of the postmortem. Believe the accuser when writing the postmortem, and begin incident response as soon as possible. Investigate fully before reprimanding a potential malicious actor. It was badly worded, restated might be "as though the complaints are made in earnest though cannot be relied on as 100% factual". Which is to say, they should be taken seriously, and immediate action should be taken when possible, but insofar as all memories are fungible and witnesses unreliable, things should be verified when possible before certain measures are taken. Scale, payment processing, and customer service all take manpower. It takes a constant number of engineers to push a single feature, no matter the number of users. It does not, however, take a constant number of engineers to maintain the infrastructure that lets a single engineer push a feature to millions of users. (P/I)AAS can help, but you still need people to monitor performance, find regressions and bugs, and track them down. >Actually I'd want screen to stop being "TVs" or "computer monitors", it should be just a high def big rectangle than can be used to display anything. The problem with this is that things you want in TVs are different than things you want in monitors. Its very rare that you need a 120+hz refresh rate, 1ms response time television, but you do often want that in a computer monitor, and response time especially is very, very expensive to reduce (modern monitors often have I can't find a citation, but I'm fairly confident that that's never been the case. Ad targeting from emails has always been siloed to within gmail. To quote the post: >Consumer Gmail content will not be used or scanned for any ads personalization after this change. That's pretty unequivocal. As an interesting note, the Murray referenced in the article is the same Robert Murray that threatened to (and then did) sue John Oliver after his segment on coal this month [0][1]. [0]: http://money.cnn.com/2017/06/22/media/john-oliver-coal-king-... [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aw6RsUhw1Q8 A rudimentary end2end test should catch most type related bugs. A type system aids in refactoring, not so much actually catching bugs. (I work at google) >Google has been working on it for ages and we have yet to see a serious attempt at a non-academic implementation. This seems like a claim made without knowledge. The 2016 autonomous vehicle disengagement reports [0][1] show that Waymo is an order of magnitude ahead of any competitor in miles driven and vehicle reliability. And as another user mentioned, Waymo is currently testing with real consumers and a large fleet of vehicles in Phoenix [2]. [0]: https://www.dmv.ca.gov/portal/dmv/detail/vr/autonomous/disen... [1]: https://www.wired.com/2017/02/california-dmv-autonomous-car-... [2]: https://waymo.com/apply/ The point is that even at that time, Zed was advocating staying on py2 because py3 had no future, or wasn't turing complete, or whatever is complaint du jour was. Assuredly, but this is the same as with a deck of cards. If you apply a shuffle that you know creates a closed markov chain (say, moving the top card to a random position within the deck), then you will reach a steady state. But, given enough shuffling, you'll also return to a new deck order For reference, the kernel has ~15 million LoC, and according to a not exactly reliable or verifiable infographic on reddit, BioShock infinite contains 631 miles, which would be between 3 and 10 million LoC. >I credit TPW for giving me words to describe this to engineers ( http://tom.preston-werner.com/2010/08/23/readme-driven-devel... . ) and my high school English teachers for giving me the love of words! This so much. I find that my strong liberal arts education in high school has made me a much better developer. Things like meter and pacing are quite applicable to writing code, and like you I have only my high school English teachers to thank for that. So many of the processes around writing (good) code are similar to those around writing (good) prose, it amazes me that non-technical writing and literary analysis aren't more strongly preferred. (Disclosure that I work at google) Well, I mean there is that whole thing about how federal funding cannot go to gun violence research. So there are absolutely types of research that the government not just passively, but actively attempts to prevent. I'm not saying that Google is being a good guy here, but I also don't think you can so easily make the argument that the (US) government is any better. >Bitcoin has nothing like that. I don't see a reason that exchanges couldn't take on the role of ISP/bank in this situation. Essentially you have an account with 1500 BTC at an exchange, and you say that you want to put 500BTC into a lightning network. Then the bank centralizes itself in the lightning network graph by making connections with other large banks and some major companies. Of course what we've just done is recreated the modern centralized payment processing scheme on top of the bitcoin network (ie. a mom and pop shop connects to square connects to BoA has my money which doesn't actually exist anywhere, and they make ledger changes and top up later). You might even be able to make such a system work with no additional transaction fees. But I'm not sure of that. The other common example of the same phenomena is a test for a deadly genetic defect with a 1% false positive rate. If the incidence of the defect is .01% and you test positive, its actually more likely that you don't have the disease. (although this can be solved with bayesianism over frequentism). (I work at google but not on android). That's because, short of sending you a new device, there isn't any way to bypass the theft prevention. Do you have the same complaint about, as another user mentioned, not being able to recover your data when you forget the password to an encrypted drive? That's incredibly unnecessary. My understanding of statistics is not derived from comics (and the first time I heard that example was in a statistics course), and the link you post doesn't actually address what I stated. It addresses an actual mistake in the comic, which is a mistake that I didn't make . Here's Andrew, the author of that blog post: > Yes, I think it makes a lot of sense to criticize particular frequentist or Bayesian methods rather than to criticize freq or Bayes statisticians. Which is exactly what I did. There are times when frequentist methods are effective. I just wouldn't use them to tell me that I have a disease. True, but in this case, you're "encrypting" (or really, securing) your device, and not your data. (I realize this will be misunderstood because "encrypting your device" normally means encrypting the data on your device). The whole point of that is as an anti-theft measure (a stolen device [with a locked bootloader] cannot be factory reset without the original owner's permission). It would be kind of silly if you could bypass that by saying "no look, its mine I just forgot the password.". Now admittedly, I'm unsure if you need to know the original password, or if you can change the password online and then reset it, but I think the second would work. As an aside, this I think fits into a trope I see repeatedly (and pretty much only on HN). I'm not making any judgement about whether being privacy conscious is good or bad. But I find it amusing when people state something like "This product is awful because I and then ." Those appear to critique glass as an AR system, which it doesn't appear to be marketed as. >Presumably the permission should come _before_ the reset? After the reset, all the data is gone anyway, and asking the password at that point seems pointless since The point, in this case, is not to keep the data secure, but to disincentivise theft of the device. You cannot resell a phone that prevents someone from using the device. >I read it as - "I did a completely normal thing like performing a factory reset of a consumer device (something that people have been doing for over a decade)" To be clear, doing a factory reset wasn't the privacy-conscious thing. Using a throwaway google account to set up the device was. The flow in this case is that the phone will say something like "please enter the username and password of the old account on this device before logging in with a new user account." If they knew the password to their old account, there wouldn't be any issue. I factory reset devices fairly often and so I run into this a lot, and its not an issue because I know the password to the google account that I use. >I fully accept the premise that a theft prevention system will limit the users ability to do certain tasks. My point was that this feature should also have blocked the factory reset from happening in the first place. It doesn't sound like that would have made any difference here (ie. instead of "I have a phone I can't use" the complain would be "I can't remove this old google account from my phone") And actually, as an anti-theft tool, you don't want that, since you want to be able to remotely factory reset your device in case it is stolen (ie. the find my phone features). A lexical environment being syonymous with "a set of 0 or more variables accessible from within the function, but not passed as arguments." The key piece of that being 0 or more. The null set is still a set. Well no, because a closure is a function and an environment. A function closing over nothing is different than a function being unable to close over something. You might define the interface of a closure as `closure(f: Function, env: Mapping[str, Any])`, or in other words a closure is a function and a mapping of variable names to values. That mapping can be empty, but that's different than the different interface `not_a_closure(f: Function)`, which is incapable of closing over anything, including the empty set. Your comment inspired me to look this up: > The scandal largely dealt with the inclusion of an essay by American linguist Noam Chomsky, entitled "Some Elementary Comments on the Rights of Freedom of Expression", as an introduction to Faurisson's book, without Chomsky's knowledge or approval. Emphasis mine. That still allows them to log in though. You mean like voat? I don't see why you could exclude people from a private club due to their protected class either. Homes are not businesses. This isn't convincing. Whether they should. I'm absolutely sure there exist organizations that break the law exist (sidestepping the issue of whether or not this does break the law). >I think the part about alienating women comes from a fundamental misunderstanding of the manifesto and probability in general And yet empirically, women have been alienated. You're assuming that the claim is true. Why? I think you should reread that article. It is stating that this woman, someone who is already successfully integrated into the "Tech Scene" is not the problem to be solved by outreach. Which is true. That doesn't mean that she would be insulted by outreach to women. It means you shouldn't ask her how to do it. That source states that the limitation is defined as being by a public (ie. government) body. >The nature of the public body is irrelevant. It could be legislative, executive or judicial, or a publicly owned enterprise It absolutely does. If the claim is that men are more striated, it makes a big difference whether the bar is 105 or 145. In fact, it is core to the argument. If it's 105, then the difference won't be statistically significant. If it's 145, you'd practically expect only men. I think the best way to summarize the memo is that he quotes a bunch of science, which is true. He also makes a bunch of unfounded claims that aren't really related to the science. And people argue that because he said a bunch of sciency things that scientists agree are correct, that everything he said was true. Pichai does in the note. >So to be clear again, many points raised in the memo—such as the portions criticizing Google’s trainings, questioning the role of ideology in the workplace, and debating whether programs for women and underserved groups are sufficiently open to all—are important topics. The author had a right to express their views on those topics—we encourage an environment in which people can do this and it remains our policy to not take action against anyone for prompting these discussions. > But what's gone in is useless. Also, the syntax, which puts some type information in comments, is lame. This is only the case in python2. In python3(.6), I don't believe there is any type information that cannot be expressed only in comments. (also a googler) >But that didn't prevent personalized ads. How is this a privacy violation? >Youtube from being steamrolled by anybody willing to swear out a DMCA request How is this Google's fault? (by this I mean its a legal issue. Google is, as far as I know, required to assume DMCA notices are made in good faith and respond to them, or itself be culpable for any violations). And I'm unaware of, for example, Google lobbying on behalf of the DMCA. >Youtube Red. What is unethical about Youtube Red? This is only true if the process he criticized is actually real. >2% (outliers) of the population does not invalidate the trends of the other 98% This is just wrong. This is a strawman. She said "complicate" not "invalidate". >Gorillas typically have black fur. So no gorilla can have white fur? Wat? What actions do you wish to take based on the fur color of gorillas? Damore didn't just reach scientific conclusions about differences in genders. He went further and suggested actions based on these population differences. To continue your analogy, one could say that Damore's argument comes down to "We only want white furred animals in our zoo, and gorillas typically have black fur, therefore we should ignore gorillas and look for Polar Bears instead". Whereas the other side might be "Given that gorillas typically have black fur, and we think Gorillas are a valuable part of a zoo, we should do extra work to locate the rare white-furred gorillas that do exist". > However, the trends are not complicated by the outliers. Well, but, they are. A gender binary is a simplification. A full analysis would really need to take a look at things like trans and nonbinary people and how they interact with the trends. But such an analysis would be more complicated than the binary trends in the original document. That is, such trends are an imperfect model of reality, and to better match reality, one needs a more complex model. >I'm not sure who this elaborate "analogy" Nor am I, you're the one that felt the need to bring up Gorillas. I felt that was a bad analogy, and that by continuing it, it would reveal why it was bad. It appears that it worked. Relevant to your John Snow callout: https://www.economist.com/news/international/21726276-last-w... You say lie. I say "be uninformed". As a fellow google engineer, I'd be curious to know which (public) research you think isn't marketable/valuable. As you've mentioned, object detection (which is a considerable portion of CV) is marketable. Meta learning (Vizier, "Learning to learn with gradient descent with gradient descent") are incredibly valuable from a business perspective. Model compression is important for neural networks on mobile/embedded devices, etc. One of the very interesting things about ML being such a corporation driven field is that it's incredible how quickly relatively recent research makes its way into products. >Even a site reliability engineering course isn't really going to give you deep insights into what, say, Google does on a day-to-day basis. I think this really gets to the core of the issue. There aren't many courses that will accurately reflect the actual state of the art in any field. Sometimes, graduate courses with a small scope and a relevant professor taught in person can partially address the state of the art, but an online course about "how to self driving car" is not that. This is naive. How will you know what product to buy? And I mean this quite seriously. Where I work, there are initiatives to internally advertise tools and libraries that exist so people don't go reinventing them. For certain niches, it's not clear that a product exists unless you've seen it before. >WayMo project in Phoenix is only barely getting started, only serves limited areas, Sure but is this because of capability or number of vehicles? >at limited times, Sure, because drivers don't want to work late at night. >and presumably in limited weather conditions; Why's that? >and most importantly that there's still a human driver in the vehicle at all times. Sure, but this isn't due to capability, but for regulatory reasons. As far as I know, the firefly vehicles (the cute little bubble ones) don't have steering wheels, and were in use 3 years ago. This argument doesn't make sense to me. > "the game has changed" after thousands of years of human history proving it hasn't. But it clearly has. Only in the past 5 year did it become possible for one guy in Romania to pose as a small town Ohio news agency (or 4) and spread nonsense to millions of people. Do you feel that academic journals violate the principle of free speech? If not, why is what facebook is doing any different? What's your point? I doubt anyone argued that the British East India Company needed to act as a distributor for that paper. So to be clear here, it was the British government declaring his speech treasonous and attempting to censor him? If so then yes I agree. Government censorship is unacceptable. But that's not really comparable to private entities censoring on their own private whims. What does this sentence mean? In what way is Facebook at all comparable to a government? Is there some social contract that all people are entered into with Facebook? If so, what are the rights and responsibilities of that contract? And do note here, I'm talking about an implied social contract, not an actual contract (like an EULA). What large portion of the internet do they "govern"? As best as I can tell you're arguing that any sufficiently large entity is essentially a government. That's ridiculous. So please, please explain what you do mean. This entire argument is predicated on a misapplication of the term "government". Something that sets rules is not a government in the same way that an actual government is a government, and confusing the two interpretations cannot lead to productive discourse. Just to be clear, this definition also makes Walmart the government of all Walmart stores, and me the government of my bedroom. Neither of those are in any way related to how the President is (a part of) the government of the United States. >The specific purpose of the benchmark, though, is to compare implementations of the same algorithm natively in the language itself, as explained explicitly on the Julia website just under the table of benchmark results (see quote below). But then they go and write their own sort instead of using the language provided ones when offered. All these show is that julia is apparently faster than incredibly unidiomatic python written by someone who clearly doesn't write python. Okay. That's neat. And in reality people have built interpreters that run python at a high speed. Conversely, clearly people are moving from Julia to python, since there are more and more larger and larger pyCon's each year. If Julia didn't have a performance problem, you wouldn't need to call out to a BLAS. >is a better glue language I'm confused, I thought you said you were avoiding the usage of two languages. If so, what is Julia "gluing"? In the context of the above comment, I'd say that they're about the same. Pypy appears to run between half-as-fast and twice-as-fast as java (hotspot) with a much smaller memory footprint, depending on the benchmark. >Python can't pick correct function based on type and number of arguments. What? Numpy does this. >Doing this in Julia is far superior to doing it in python. Then, quite simply, you're doing it wrong in python. Show me an example of this system code that's nice in julia and clunky in python and I'll show you a superior implementation in python. A second question then: how do you define a conflict of interest? >It seems like the python maintainers always try to complicate things for themselves to cater for some obscure use case that nobody use. I mean really, when was the last time you ever accessed a namedtuple by index?? I do things like for x, y in iterable_of_ntuples: #process all the time >Python, however "struct" has a very different meaning in Python. sigh It's intended for encoding/decoding binary data from strings/bytes. That's because the struct module is for dealing with structs, in the C/C++ sense. Like actual structs. That aside, attrs is a great library! I think a strong argument against that syntax is that namedtuples are, essentially, an abstract class (or maybe a metaclass). An anonymous namedtuple doesn't really make sense. You want the type information. As of python 3.6, this is already possible: class Point2D(typing.NamedTuple): x: int y: int p = Point2D(x=2, y=4) If you allow anonymous namedtuples you lose one of the big values of a namedtuple, which is that if I want a Point2D, you can be sure I'm getting a Point2D, and not a Point3D. With anonymous namedtuples, there's nothing stopping you from passing a (x=2, y=3, z=4), when you wanted a (x=2, y=3). And maybe that will work fine, but maybe not (or the reverse). All this is to say, an anonymous namedtuple is an oxymoron. NamedTuples should be named. This isn't a "really good idea". Sure, but if you want an immutable object with iter, reasonable equality operators baked in, and named access, you can either define iter, eq, neq, and le on a new style slotted object with a bunch of getter descriptors, or you can make a namedtuple. Followup: Should order be important for a Tuple under a system that defines a Tuple as an immutable ordering? That is, whatever your philosophical issues with namedtuple ordering, in python, a tuple is an immutable ordered list of things. In practice, tuples have taken the role of being type-heterogenous, known length, records. One might then reasonably expect a namedtuple to be a type-heterogneous, known length, record, where attributes are named. I'm flattered :) Although I can't tell if the moral of this is "if the api allows, it will be done, and you can't break the api later", or if the moral is "just because you think it's useless doesn't mean it really is". Gab is a free speech/alt right twitter clone. That's only available on 7.0+ phones with hardware support (currently I think only the pixels?) I'm curious, what issues do you run into with python3 incompatibility? Most scientific stuff I've done works in python3. In fact, its now possible to run a tensorflow/opencv/scipy environment entirely from pip in a virtualenv, though it won't be the fastest. which is amazing . Doing that kind of thing in any other language would require docker. In general, if you're sticking to python3, the answer will always be "use pip", everything should work with pip, and everything should install as a binary without needing to build source. Edit: There's exactly one context where I use python2, and its for a robotics project where some transitive dependencies are python2 only. So, for things like tensorflow, you have to build from source to enable certain optimizations. Wheel's aren't source builds essentially. Ah yes, that's true as far as I know. As I'll often say to these comments, then you're doing things wrong. Numpy code can be written to never leave the numpy sandbox, and at that point it should be as fast or faster than naive c++ (because you'll be getting SSE and stuff for free). There's a reason almost all deep learning is done in python. Wait, but this is for accessing data that the government already has about you. So while sure they could impersonate you, the NSA/FBI/whomever could also just access the government database that stores the information. The only way to fix this is with something like per-user encryption of data, in which case a master password wouldn't help, although I'm not quite sure how you'd implement oauth and have an encryption password. Maybe the oauth system uses your password to decrypt a personal encryption key, and that is then sent to the client services. That way a master password doesn't get access. >The heavy-lifting in e.g. TensorFlow is done in C++. Bindings to Python make sense because it is one of the few sanctioned languages inside Google, and it is widely used outside of Google and easy to pick up. That's exactly the same as with numpy. I'm not sure what your point is. C++ is also one of the few sanctioned languages inside google, as is Java. >Not all data is a good fit for Numpy: some data is non-numeric or not a homogenous array. I'm curious what kind of data you're working with that can't be represented and effectively transformed in a tensor (numpy array). That blog seems to imply you're using a distributed architecture, ie. not a single machine. >You didn't specify that reason, so from the rest of your comment I took it to mean that Python (with numpy) was fast and good enough to write deep learning stuff. That doesn't seem to be the case for TensorFlow. Tensorflow tensors are numpy arrays, or are transparently viewable as such. >If you have an array of records (dtype objects), and one of the fields is a string, am I correct that each element needs to allocate memory to hold the longest possible value that can occur for that field? What if that is not known beforehand? Yes, although you can also store numpy arrays of pyobjects, which are arrays of pointers. You'll be able to vectorize the code, but you won't get the same performance improvements as with a normal numpy array, because that same level of performance isn't possible with an array of pointers. Note that for most machine learning applications, you'd preprocess your string into a vector of some kind. >How do you deal with optional fields (e.g. int or null)? Do you need to add a separate boolean to indicate null? Yes, but I'm not sure when you'd do that. That is, again in most machine learning applications you'd be representing things as one-hot arrays or as some kind of compressed high dimensional position vector, where 0 would represent a lack of presence of some thing. >How do you deal with union types dt = np.dtype((np.int32,{'real':(np.int16, 0),'imag':(np.int16, 2)}) is a 32 bit int that can also be accessed as a 16 bit complex number via .real and .imag. This. My parents paid for much of my education, but got information about my academics through me. I allowed them to access my grades because it was often easier than any alternatives, but actually stopped doing that after they got worried about some things without context. I, and I think they, would have been surprised and appalled if my school had emailed them about the conduct of other students. On the other hand you have lack of regulation leading to blood diamonds and The Jungle . Clearly autocracy isn't optimal, but it appears that neither is a totally free market. As another reader, it certainly does appear that you said that monopolies can only be caused by government action. That'd be the right abbreviation. The average number of hours worked by a fulltime employee is approximately 2000. Obviously not everyone will be using their editor more than half the time, but many do. And many often use their editor outside of work too. Why are you using a requirements.txt if you have a setup.py that lists them? `pip install -e` or `setup.py install` should just work in that case. On the other hand, erotic literature about children (which has no victim) is at best in a legal grey area, and has been successfully prosecuted before. Such a thing is also "all talk". This is a distinction without a difference. Neo Nazis are people who are working to revive Nazi ideology. They're Nazis. http://www.nytimes.com/2001/07/14/us/child-pornography-write... There are a few other examples of people getting in varying amounts of trouble, but that one stands out. You can use `--index-url` when calling pip: https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/pip_wheel/#index-url You can also use `dependency_links` in your setup.py to specify this, which allows deps on github etc. If you count bridges, then .001% is pretty close (not more than .005%). Apparently about 1/3 of people on earth have a mobile broadband connection, so approximately 2 billion of those, and ~60K tor bridge connections. I'd suggest pipenv for this kind of thing. It will generate a pipfile.lock, which is the (still in development, but pretty stable) official way to create a locked set of deps. Pretty much everything that article says about SF is wrong. A "small detached bungalow" in the suburbs will probably go for half what they suggest, and 120K is not subsistence wages. I currently live on less than that, in a nice area, spend money on things I want to, don't budget aggressively, and save a significant portion of my income. Sure, you probably won't be purchasing a family home on a single (entry level) income, but that's true in pretty much any suburban or urban area. As far as I know, gab is more closely a competitor of Instagram and Twitter, neither of which is a Google product. Who you pray to doesn't affect me. Who you vote for does. I doubt that's the case for anyone, much more likely that it's who you pray with. I don't really see how you could draw that conclusion. No. I'm saying this it makes more sense to shun people based on actions that negatively impact you, than to do so for views that are totally irrelevant. They're correlated perhaps, but there is a huge variance in political views, at least among the major religions. This is especially true with economic policy, which really has little to do with religious belief, but even with a lot of social policy its true. That is, while there probably aren't many devout Catholics who support late stage abortion, the opinions on things like LGBT rights, the environment, refugee and immigration policy, homelessness, access to education, and more will vary wildly between devout Catholics. That second part is also true for devout Protestants and Jews and Muslims and Buddhists. Sure the means might not sit in exactly the same places, but that's very different than the political spectrum in the US, which is essentially bimodal. The point is that your idea of "ordinal rank with ties" isn't specified. Your ordinal rank is essentially a question of "how many teams are ranked above this one". ie US and China are both 0, Russia is 1 because there is no 1 otherwise, GBR is 2, AUS/GER are tied for 3, Korea and France are 4, and Italy and Japan are 5. But there's no way to claim that Italy and Japan should be below France. What are you doing where a build takes that long (and can't be done incrementally)? Odd, it took me a single phone call to get my 5X replaced when it started bootlooping. I called Google, and they replaced it well out of warranty after a 20 minute phonecall. (disclosure I work at google but this was before I started) I'd agree if Uber was really acting as a ridesharing/carpooling service. I don't know that I've ever had an uber (or lyft, for that matter) driver who drives less than 20 hours a week. That Apple is on the list and Amazon is not is a bit irking to me. Since they're clearly counting Amazon's fulfillment employees, but I doubt they're counting for example apple store employees, or the half of Foxconn which is basically Apple. That is to say, this data can be massaged. Ah, my mistake. Even still I think the bigger issue is that Amazon includes fulfillment employees, whereas Apple (a hardware company, by most accounts) does not employ anyone in hardware production, instead contracting that work out. Of course that leads to a bit of a slippery slope ("why not only count the AWS team"), but I still think its an important note. >Since Google's source code is one of the company's most important assets, security features are a key consideration in Piper's design. Piper supports file-level access control lists. Most of the repository is visible to all Piper users;d however, important configuration files or files including business-critical algorithms can be more tightly controlled. In addition, read and write access to files in Piper is logged. If sensitive data is accidentally committed to Piper, the file in question can be purged. The read logs allow administrators to determine if anyone accessed the problematic file before it was removed. From [1]. Essentially, there are files and changes that I cannot view the source of. [1]: https://cacm.acm.org/magazines/2016/7/204032-why-google-stor... Parroting this comment (that is probably confidential), the abseil website does include this statement: >The libraries we are releasing come with a pedigree: many years of experience using these APIs in Google’s production environments. We’ve seen what works and what doesn’t, what designs lead to bugs, performance problems, and misuse. What you see here is what we found to be a good balance between simplicity and meeting the needs of production use and an ever-evolving codebase. [1] Also a googler who has nothing to do with abseil. [1]: https://abseil.io/ >Voice of America Anecdotally, I've literally never heard of this before. Revenue numbers for comparison: Amazon: 136B Alphabet: 90B Intel: 60B Microsoft: 90B Apple: 214B ---------------- And Gross Income: Amazon: 58B Alphabet: 55B Intel: 36B Microsoft: 55B Apple: 83B Interesting. I've never had bluetooth issues with pixel. My current headphones (Bose QC35, but not the fancy assistant ones) work amazingly, and even my older headphones (ancient LG Tones) worked great. My only complaints with my 5X were occasional stutter, and that was gone with Pixel. >It also doesn’t use any kind of network connection, Bluetooth is not normally considered a network connection. (I work at Google, but have nothing to do with Clips) How is that definition misleading? >the phrase before the "so" does not imply the phrase that comes after, meaning the sentence still is not factual. This seems highly pedantic, unnecessarily so in fact. Sure if you take "so" to mean "implies" then your statement is reasonable, but "so" doesn't solely mean "implies". The point seems to be that you're in control of the photos, and they aren't being sent off to a secret google dark site to mine for data about your toddler. Do you disagree with that, or just have further grammatical quibbles? Can they? Bluetooth video isn't a thing (no really, it's not supported by the spec, I just looked). Whereas sending a boolean "my screen is blocked" is. Edit: apparently it is a thing but not really, like very low bandwidth. >Spotify has 30 million songs. Many of those songs have never been played[1]. There's a really (really, really, really) long tail. [1]: http://forgotify.com/ Scikit isn't deep learning. While I won't comment on the raw salary numbers, I am curious about how long you feel it should take someone to graduate from "new to the position" to "learning the position"? Because it seems like if that time period is less than two years, you'll be underpaying your long term employees vs. a new hire of equivalent skill, which seems like a not good thing. Also your Experience Factor Worksheet is private, whether or not you care. What hardware was Google selling before? So, like the pixel 2? Source for that? I can't find one. I think the point is that they don't want to. Wheels solved this problem in 2013. For context, you can install opencv, tensorflow, ROS, matplotlib, and the entire scipy stack in a virtualenv, with no external dependencies, using wheels. This means that you can generate images, train a machine learning algorithm on them, compare the results to conventional CV algorithms, and display them in an ipython notebook all from a venv. There's a huge amount of C++ and even qt integration in that pipeline, all isolated. It won't be maximally performant (ie for massive training), but for that you'd want distributed docker deploys or similar anyway. Well, python 2.6 was also EoL'd 4 years ago, so yes, if you're using a no longer supported piece of software and not pinning your versions, I'd argue that you're inviting issues. Linux, If you'd like, I'll post the pipfile for the repository. >But if the build utility was just some binary I mean it totally would if the binary dynamically linked against a file you didn't have on your system, which is exactly what happened with `wheel` (python 2.6 doesn't have OrderedDict, which wheel now uses). As another user mentioned, they do, if the library maintainers take the time to do things correctly. The package I'm describing does not link outside of the virtualenv, the matlplotlib, opencv-python, and tensorflow libraries include all necessary dependencies (although you have to use a non-default renderer in matplotlib, because it doesn't bundle all of them). What you say is correct, virtualenvs are not free from external dependencies always, but correctly build wheels are. Wheels and virtualenvs aren't the same thing. That's a different project, but I also use ros in a virtualenv. Its a bit weird because you end up installing ros both inside and outside of the venv (various ros command line tools only use /opt/ros/... python deps), but your actual nodes run in your virtualenv. And ros doesn't even need to be a wheel fwiw, its pure python, but its also just a painful thing to deal with for many, so it was worth mentioning. I'm really confused why you keep bringing up opencv. What does opencv have to do with the (presumably) TF ML model running on the IPU that you want to benchmark against the TF ML model running on a GPU? Where did I mention halide? My question is why do you care about opencv when benchmarking neural network performance on various hardware? Google internally uses pytype, which is similar to mypy, and while not globally used, is used on across a large number of files. I feel like the issue here is less race and more another country. In other words, replace the word "Chinese" in GP with "in China", as I assume GP intends, and I don't believe that racism is an issue. Worth noting that this occurred in 2009 (ie when gmail looked like this: https://1.bp.blogspot.com/_ZaGO7GjCqAI/SYD3g8LflXI/AAAAAAAAO... ). VCs manage to turn a profit? You missed the perhaps more important component: snow really messes with LiDAR. Having now used a number of other VCS tools (Perforce/Piper and Mercurial), I still think git intuitively gets the "model" right, better than the others, but goodness the API naming makes almost no sense. I don't think hk__2 was promoting Google. >Refuse to follow the law and withdraw from the market completely? That's exactly what Google did: https://googleblog.blogspot.com/2010/01/new-approach-to-chin... >These attacks and the surveillance they have uncovered--combined with the attempts over the past year to further limit free speech on the web--have led us to conclude that we should review the feasibility of our business operations in China. We have decided we are no longer willing to continue censoring our results on Google.cn, and so over the next few weeks we will be discussing with the Chinese government the basis on which we could operate an unfiltered search engine within the law, if at all. In other words, government censorship and attempts by the government to undermine user privacy were ultimately what led to the move out of China. The straw does appear to have been the hack, but the ultimate goal of the hack appeared to be to steal user data. >Second, we have evidence to suggest that a primary goal of the attackers was accessing the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists. >Yet when the entire primary source is published the only bias is between your own ears. This is only true if there is never any editorialization with regard to which primary sources are published. Not significantly more difficult than what goes into google maps, you just need a modified sensor suite, if I understand correctly. (Disclosure: googler, but I have nothing to do with maps or cars) A lot of drivers have road cameras in their vehicles. If you crash into them, they will provide that as evidence when filing a police report. No one claimed that there would be a direct link from an autonomous car to police HQ, but that if you decided to break the law, the owner of that vehicle would do everything in its power to pursue you to the fullest extent of the law. That's not materially different than where we are now, your exaggerations aside. After one or two get backed up, they alert the others that traffic is stopped and to go another way? In general the answer to all of these whacky what ifs is "whatever a human driver, or group would do, but with more efficient communication". >driverless cars will have sensors and cameras that wil report anything back to the police Well, driverless cars do have extensive sensor suites, and if you are a hit and run driver and I had a photo of your license plate, I would certainly use that to my advantage. I think you're reading the worst possible thing into what people are saying, which is your prerogative, but probably not constructive. >And like I said, major tech companies are actually tracking every vehicle that drives by them, and reporting it to the police already. Well yeah, that's what palantir does: they contract with governments and police departments to improve surveillance infrastructure. But assuming that because Palantir does that, everyone else will too is as silly as assuming that Amazon is going to come out with a Facebook clone. It's not in their business models. >"Do whatever the human would do, but more efficient" isn't an answer. These cars can't get on WTOP the day before and listen to the warning that the Pope is visiting and X, Y, Z streets will be blocked off. One can imagine various contingency scenarios, but the devil is in actually handling all the edge cases. Google maps already accounts for changes in traffic patterns and actively detects road closures, both based on municipal announcements and traffic flow data. So yeah, they'd work the exact same way that I commuted on the east coast (which is the same way I commute in SV): the maps application had traffic information updates faster than the radio. The answer is "do whatever the humans do, but more efficient", because the same technology has already made humans more efficient. That's what we call moving the goalposts. A paas is not remotely similar to what you're suggesting. Are you interested in constructive conversation, or will this just be more whataboutism? A new grad offer from Google comes in at an all in compensation of approximately 150K/year. Facebook is marginally higher (or significantly higher for returning interns). That's 105-115K base, 25-30K in stock (which is real money in this context), and 15-20K in annual bonuses. Most people also get signing bonuses that can range from 15 up to 100K (no, seriously, Facebook sign-on bonuses for returning interns are ridiculous). All in that means 160K up to 250K in comp your first year. No, really. Stock refreshes, laddering, and performance make it much more difficult to calculate overall compensation after that, but just as a point of comparison, the "standard" Google offer for someone graduating in 2015 (or maybe 2014, I can't remember) came with 250 shares of stock vesting over 4 years. Averaged over the past year, that's around 50K in stock. Plus a base salary that should be around over 120K, and an average bonus breaks 200K. And that's assuming no stock refreshes, and no promotions. Granted, "working at Google" isn't average even for SF, but still. It's useful, therefore people use it. You're asking for people to accept a clear decrease in the utility of a service. Because ???? Look through these: https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/search?q=salary+s... H1B data doesn't include stock or bonuses. Other than Seattle and NYC, there's a notable difference. It's not 50%, but its there. And I'll admit that Seattle is probably the best value place to live. That said, those jobs at $bigCo also make up a smaller portion of the job market in every other city. In the bay area, something like 1% of everyone (not just SWEs) works as a SWE at Google, Facebook, or a similarly paying company. Seattle is similar, although with Microsoft and Amazon instead. While there are some jobs that pay six figures in Atlanta or Austin, they're fewer and further between. As a result of this, I know lots of people who make 150K+ all in comp in the bay area and Seattle, and no one who breaks 6 figures in, say, Austin (all at a Junior/New Grad level). Unfortunately there's a lack of reliable data, but from the offers I've heard, of my guess would be that someone making 100K in Austin would be making 50% more in SF, and possibly making double if they got lucky. That may in part be due to my familiarity with the area though, but again, I know more people in SF making 200K as right-out-of-college-kids than I know people making 100K in Austin. As far as Seattle goes, I think that the state tax makes up for most of the comp differences, and housing is cheaper there, so its a better value if that's all you're optimizing for. But that's not the case, since salaries are significantly less variable than stock comp. For high paying jobs, salary is 50-80% of total comp. For lower paying ones, it's 95+%, which is what the salary surveys show. So comparing salary only, you strongly bias against top paying positions since salaries make up a smaller portion of the compensation for those positions. I feel like this is true for any language though. Once you write a well designed, well tested, and feature complete piece of software, you can deploy it and forget about it unless the server it's running on breaks. Go isn't special in that regard, unless there's something that makes Go easier to write, test, or deploy, which might be the case, but you haven't supported that. Async/await coroutines (C#, python, ECMAscript 7) are much nicer than futures, at least ime. I think that in terms of expressiveness of async code it goes callbacks -> futures/promises -> coroutines Because callbacks are a completely different style of code, your async looks totally different. Futures and promises are better, but still make it difficult to ever break out of the async context, coroutines make the difference between async and normal code nonexistant, and allow clean escape from an async context. Even if not. Depending on your paranoia, lockfiles or containers or bazel solve that problem. That doesn't sound right, unless microsoft has been shrinking: https://siliconangle.com/blog/2017/09/27/report-aws-leads-ia... Right, but MS was more than 2x the size at the end of last year, so Alibaba would need to continue that >100% growth, and MS would need to not grow at all. I doubt that's the case. I feel like the answer to this is "then use bytes everywhere". Why doesn't that work? #! /usr/local/bin/python3 Also arch is wrong: https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0394/ No, they're quite different. Use a color picker for proof. (disclosure, I work at google, and previously at YouTube) This allows a user to donate to a content creator even if that creator doesn't have any way to get access the donations. That is, until youtubers start registering themselves in the payment tool, this is essentially watching someone's video, and then throwing money into a hole. With other patronage systems, like patreon, you cannot donate money until the creator has an account. To me, that feels super sketch. Edit: It reminded me to go and check my old bitcointip and altcointip accounts on reddit, on which I apparently had combined closed to $30 in BTC at today's prices, but which have both been shuttered and are now inaccessible. That's not promising. Right, which is why patreon works, and 10c per pageview doesn't. It's thrown into a hole in exactly the same way that my $30 I tipped btc is not mine, because I never got it out of the system. Edit: I said it better in response to a sibling of yours: I think it's unethical for a platform to accept payment on my behalf without my permission. As far as I can tell, Brave is doing both . The money rests in a third party account that has no affiliation with the receiver, and they have no way of getting to it until they register. To put it succinctly, I think it's unethical for a platform to accept payment on my behalf without my permission. (whereas yeah, I don't consider holding money in escrow unethical) See my edit, if you didn't already, but there exist services that already do that. The asymmetry created by this kind of "pay me without my permission" means that someone providing a service now has to do a lot of extra work if they want to get paid, whereas a user who wants to pay someone doesn't. That's not a good system if your goal is really to get money to creators. Are you a youtube creator (or someone in a similar space, twitch streamer, freelance journalist, etc.) If the charity had to jump through hoops to receive the donations, yes. If the creators could just get a check in the mail, or BAT were converted to cash and forwarded to an existing patreon, I wouldn't have the same concerns that I do as is. >Exactly. This system makes things easier on users at the expense of making it harder on creators. I think that's kinda the point though. And my point is that such a system is unsustainable, due to asymmetry of work. Lets start with a few things that we can know are true: 1. In any system of patrons and artists, an artist will have more patrons than a patron has artists, or the system is unsustainable. 2. I could create a competitor to Brave, "Fearful", tomorrow. So could anyone else. As a creator, its possible that every single patron of mine will pay me through a different service, I then need to register myself in all of them, and either manually, or via a middleman, convert the disparate currencies to my preferred one. But, because there are so many different payment methods, its likely that the long tail isn't worth my time to receive payment from. Systems that accept payment on behalf of someone else and require work on the part of that party to receive the payment create this loss. On the other hand, even if every creator has their own payment platform, there's no loss. Patrons simply don't pay the long tail of the creators that they use, and instead only make payments to the ones they appreciate the most. iow, asymmetry means that creator-focused services are the only ones that can be successful except for very niche groups. So, if your goal is to support blockchain tech, Brave is great. If on the other hand, your goal is to get paid by patrons, its not. Some, although not all. My concern is that doing that shouldn't be possible if the platform is decentralized. The most important thing to come out of this. Thanks for the tip! Also as it's since been revealed, if you don't register within 90 days of accruing $100, Brave claims that money to devote to "user growth", iow, marketing for Brave itself. So it really is chucking money into a hole, even more than with those other options. This isn't really a constructive comment. I don't think that my being at google or not affects my ability to judge how ethically sketchy another product is. Different commenters. But yes, the original g...grandparent was mistaken. I think you should read the article. He's not. I think crypto code is a bad example. This[1] would not be considered "idiomatic" anywhere, except in crypto. And for example, if one was optimizing for code readability over performance, I expect that would look very different (although you could do much of the same with macros, but I'm not sure if that's any better). [1]: https://github.com/LoupVaillant/Monocypher/blob/master/src/m... Where on earth are you paying that much for a 1br? There are 2br apartments that can be had (still in SF proper) for less than that! 3. The school uses a sliding scale of "need based", so middle income students are given some aid. More than very wealthy students, but less than very low income students. The end result is that middle income students pay a similar price to what they might pay in in state tuition at a state school. Why is your first thought that middle-class students are punished, and not that an institute of higher education, full of very smart people, can figure out an equitable way to disperse need based aid? Yes. Though maybe not from TripleByte. For context, salary at FAMG is in the range of 100-110K for a new grad. So its in the lower half of the "Junior" area, which would make sense. Total comp though puts you into the 80-90% Senior territory. For exact numbers, I believe Amazon starts people at 103K in Seattle, Microsoft at 107K in Seattle, and Facebook and Google both start at 110K in South SV. But the caveat is that - Amazon provides ~50K in cash over 2 years, and 65K in stock at a 5/15/40/40 vest, with the expectation that the stock value increases - Google provides ~100K in stock over 4 years - Facebook provides 100-120K in stock over 4 years (and up to 100K in signing bonus for returning interns) - Microsoft provides 30-120K in stock over 3.5 years And all 4, as far as I know, have target bonuses in the 10-15% of base salary range. So 4 year annualized total compensation numbers can be close to (or even beyond) double base salary. For example, a 103K base Amazon employee expects ~130K/year. A Google employee would take 150K, and an above average Facebook intern approaches 180K/year, if you average out everything. And that's prior to any negotiation or stock appreciation. Which schools are you looking at, anecdotally? Ivies work differently than most other schools by virtue of having larger-than-normal coffers. For example, Harvard's financial aid works in much the way I describe. Families with incomes below 65K pay nothing, those with incomes 65-150K are "expected to pay between 0 and 10% of annual income", and those above that are evaluated on a case by case basis. I'd play around with this[1], and see what you think. For a family of 4 with no liquid assets, you need to be making 265K a year to not get any aid. That puts you solidly out of the middle class anywhere except SV/NY, where I expect you could make an argument about CoL adjustments. [1]: https://college.harvard.edu/financial-aid/net-price-calculat... Total, so divide by four for annualized numbers. 3-4 might be high, but double isn't. And I say this having seen some of those offers. (And having negotiated my own). Also not a lawyer. >would be that Uber would be forbidden from using the stolen technology or its fruits No, that's pretty much already happened as part of the preliminary injunction. Uber has so far argued that insofar as Levandowski had and may have used trade secrets, they never made it into any production vehicles, and so firing Levandowski meets that bar. If Google wins the lawsuit, there are probably damages to be had. In addition to saying "no, stop using this or any of its fruits", my understanding is that the court can order Uber to pay Google for the advantages it god. In other words, if the trade secrets advanced Uber's autonomous vehicle initiatives by a year, they might be liable for a year's worth of autonomous vehicle R&D costs, and also need to start over from not having any trade secrets. (am Googler, am amused by this idea, so let's run with it) Would this apply to all of google, or just specific product areas (ie, would you only nationalize Search, or Search & Ads, or something else)? If yes, do tensorflow development now fall under the purview of the UN? Is Android now a partially closed-source, world-government administered, operating system, used by a significant fraction of every human being? If not, how does one manage infrastructure for the now government administered search system, and corporate everything-else? Do they share the datacenters (and thus give government employees access to the datacenters full of user data), or do they split the datacenters up somehow, and give some to the government, and keep others? What happens to my existing Google Account? Does the government get access to any of my user data, and if so, which subset? Do we do away with search personalization, or start it over from scratch? I'm very honestly curious how you would orchestrate this, or expect it to work. Does every language include a generic binary search method? Where? Or similar, if I asked you to find a specific value in a list of Comparable objects, in my language of choice, how would you do it? In which case I'm curious why it's an unreasonable interview question. The argument is always "use the stdlib one", but if there isn't one, and you need to implement it, why isn't it fair game? Replace "algo book" with "person asking you the question", and I see relatively little difference. Don't all in person interviews do this? So now I ask this: Given that google probably does more software interviews than you do, why do you think they ask such questions, even to experienced candidates? He likely means {Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google Microsoft}. I get the same thing. It also breaks out of a google cache view. Here's archive.is: https://archive.fo/FF094 True, but the total compensation here is at or above 250K annually. Most places in the US won't break 100K with 2 years of experience, and the cost of living is less than 2.5x as much. In other words, you still come out well ahead. No, they're par for the course in the bay area (well, among the set of companies that are oft-discussed on HN: FAMG and well funded startups). Google base is 110K for a new grad L3. This isn't a 70% difference, its a ~30% difference. Total comp for a new-grad Googler who doesn't negotiate at all will be 110K base +18K bonus + 25K stock annually = ~153. That's without negotiating at all. Negotiation can push that across 200K annually in extreme cases. From that perspective, its not as gargantuan a leap. And similarly, I expect that this person was able to negotiate their google offer, so it would be higher than the "default" for an L4. Again though, I don't know anyone 2 years in making 134K (the Austin-equivalent of 250K in SF) in Austin. I know more than one person 2 years in making that much in SF. And you're also ignoring that CoL calculators bias against high CoL areas in a few important ways. Guess he edited the post shrug . Keep in mind that pre-IPO companies are often willing to throw egregious amounts of stock at you, since it is illiquid and forces you to stick around. (and in this specific instance, Lyft is known for above-average stock grants). I got a similar offer (>180K RSU/year) from a company, and I have less experience than this guy. Indeed, Google is inflexible on base, but they're well known (or at least I have it on fairly good authority) that they will match total comp of new grad offers from various finance firms, which have first year comp at ~200K. And as to your second question: a rule of thumb that I think exists is that total comp approximately doubles every 2 levels, so you get a ~40% increase per level on the median. Keep in mind that a new grad offer is not the median of L3, but the bottom. As a partial aside, I'm going to gloat about how incredible my alma mater's networking infrastructure and usability is. Tell me how long it takes you to find explicit instructions on connecting a chromecast from this site[1]. I think most schools are just incredibly bad at managing their network infrastructure, and its really sad. [1]: http://www.wrecktechs.gatech.edu/ Just gonna drive by mention https://landing.google.com/advancedprotection/ , which is a physical-2fa-security-key-only version of gmail. To my knowledge it also disallows mail forwarding, and the account recovery procedure in the event of losing both second factors is intended to be a long process that involves proof of identity and multiple attempts to notify the account owner. (I work on gmail, but I'm not intimately familiar with this option, other than knowing that it exists and is intended for high value targets like celebrities and politicians). Elsewhere in the thread I mentioned advanced protection[0]. Gmail/Google is also the only company to my knowledge that gives you a warning like this one[1], and it was certainly the first to do so. A lot of this comes down to your threat model. If you are most worried about Unless your threat model is "The NSA gives my hosting provider a court order" or "an employee of my hosting provider goes rogue", its pretty clear that GMail is categorically the best option. And in those two cases, its not clear that there are significantly better options. [0]: https://landing.google.com/advancedprotection/ [1]: https://techcrunch.com/2017/03/24/what-to-do-about-those-gov... But it looks like AlphaGo is searching fewer positions per second than Giraffe did. AlphaZero evaluates 80K positions per second, according to this paper, and the Giraffe paper says that Giraffe averaged 258570 evaluations per second when running STS. While we can't directly compare the computer power, this implies that AZ has learned a better representation. This creates perverse incentives among your employees. Now every employee is fighting to work on the "moneymaker" applications. And I don't really believe that a company will be able to accurately assess the value that every application used brings it. Giraffe was trained until convergence. Maybe if there was more compute power then, a different model would have been used, but that's deep into the world of silly hypotheticals. Wikipedia and Bloomberg also list him as a cofounder, CTO, and VPE. Oddly there appears to have been another cofounder who was also CTO, but I expect that he got a good payday. Blaze/bazel solves this. All build targets (buildable units) explicitly define their direct dependencies. If you modify something, you can then run all tests for all units that transitively depend on your change. For surface level changes this is often quite small. For changes to core libraries, well, you run a lot of tests. Open source has moved to git, mostly because being standardized on one vcs made it easier for people to contribute. A lot of companies don't use git. Google no longer uses perforce either. I believe it also stopped scaling. They now use Piper, which has a perforce like interface, but is not the same thing. And there are other non perforce like Piper interfaces. Not much, mostly just prototype messaging apps. >They've really only got a precious few products that typically run on non-Google-owned hardware, and apparently the major ones live outside the monorepo. This depends on what you mean. Most/all consumer android applications don't run on google-owned hardware, but are in the monorepo. That said, you're right that the whole "keep things up to date" thing is important. That's where tools like rosie and even bots come in. Not really. I work at google. I work on a leaf, so my CI takes Certainly, CI takes a long time for certain changes, but those are changes that affect everything. You'd have the same problem in a multi-repo approach if you updated a repo that everything else depended on. At some point, you have to run all of the tests on that change. >Cool. I've wondered about Google's CI a lot, but there are a lot of horror stories online. Most people are complaining about it taking an hour for simple changes (something called "tap", I wonder what that stands for). Well, like I said, its possible to do modify things that have a lot of dependencies, at which point you run a lot of tests, but that would be truish anyway. Consider the hypothetical situation where you're changing you're modifying the `malloc` implementation in your /company/core/malloc.c`. Everything depends on this, because everything uses malloc. If you have a monorepo, you make this change, and run (basically) every unit and integration test, and it takes a while. Alternatively, if `core` is its own repo, you run the core unittests, and then later when you bump the version of `core` that everything else depends on, you run those tests too, but now if there's a rarely encountered issue that only certain tests exercise, you notice that immediately when you run all the monorepo tests, and can be sure that the malloc change is the breakage. If you don't do that, then you notice breakages when you update `core`, or maybe you don't notice it, because its only one test failing per package, and it could just be flakyness. So noticing it is harder, and identifying the issue once you've decided there is one is harder, and now you need to rollback instead of just not releasing. >Chained code review changes, I refuse to believe that in Google version control (which is perforce according to Linus' git talk at Google) chained changes are easy. Branching in perforce is literally worse than SVN, it's a bit more like the old CVS model, and they've sort-of tried to get the SVN copy-directory model forced into the design afterwards. Also the tool support (merges ...) is bad compared to subversion and stone-age compared to Git's tools. Google no longer uses perforce, we use Piper (note that this is a google develped tool called Piper, not the Perforce frontend called Piper, yes this is confusing, afaik, Google's Piper came first). Piper is inspired by perforce, but is not at all the same thing. (See Citc in the article). The exact workflow I use isn't piblic (yet), but suffice to say that while Piper is perforce inspired, Perforce is not the only interface to Piper. This article even mentions a git style frontend for Piper. >Google's branch/merge experience is very likely to be somewhere between SVN and CVS, and those can accurately be referred to as "disaster" and "crime against human dignity". It's certainly not impossible, but it's very hard and you can't expect me to believe (normal developer) people can reasonably do that in Perforce. Suffice to say you're totally mistaken here. >Also: what would happen if you send out 20 chained commits, 10 of which are spelling corrections, 5 of which are trivial, compile-fixing bugs (forgot semicolon, "]" that should have been ")", etc ...), 2 of which are small changes to single expressions and 3 of which introduce a new function and some tests. Perforce, like subversion and cvs doesn't have any way of tracking stuff unless you commit it and you can almost never commit without CI and code review, so would you track changes like that, or would you just leave them in your client untracked until you're ready for a code review ? So, Piper doesn't have a concept of "untracked". Well it does, in the sense that you have to stage files to a given change, but CitC snapshots every change in a workspace. Essentially, since CitC provides a FUSE filesystem, every write is tracked independently as a delta, and it's possible to return to any previous snapshot at any time. One way to think of this concept is that every "CL" is vaguely analogous to a squashed pull request, and every save is vaguely analogous to an anonymous commit. This means that in extreme cases, you can do something like "oh man I was working on a feature 2 months ago, but stopped working on it and didn't really need it, but now I do", and instead of starting from scratch, you can, with a few incantations, jump to you're now deleted client and recover files at a specific timestamp (for example: you could jump to the time that you ran a successful build or test). >Also: what would happen if you send out 20 chained commits, 10 of which are spelling corrections, 5 of which are trivial, compile-fixing bugs (forgot semicolon, "]" that should have been ")", etc ...), 2 of which are small changes to single expressions and 3 of which introduce a new function and some tests. I'd logically group them so that each resulting commit-set was a successfully building, and isolated, feature. Then, each of those would become its own CL and be sent for independent review. As another user mentioned, many git actions scale linearly in the number of changes, not in the size of the repository. Try recreating the scaled repo, but say, in commits of 1000 lines each (ie. 200K commits), and see how long things take. Not really. The point is that you can't have the same level of standardization in a multi repo set up. Diamond dependency like issues crop up. Imagine I have Repos A,B,C. A is a base repo. B and C depend on A, and C also depends on B. If I modify some API in A, and also update all the callsites in B and C, I also have to bump the version of A depended on by B and C, and also bump the version of B that C depends on, otherwise I'll get version mismatch/api compatibility breakages. To make this work that means that nothing can depend on latest, everything has to have frozen dependencies, and you either need to manually, or via some system, globally track all of the dependencies across repos, and atomically update all of them on every breaking change. In other words, you reinvent blaze/bazel at the repo level instead of the target level, and you have to add an additional tool that makes sure you're dependencies can never get mismatched. The monorepo sidesteps this issue by saying "everything must always build against latest". >"everything must always build against latest" is perfectly enforceable on multirepo too, it's just that nobody does it No, you cannot . That's my entire point. Here's a minimal example: Repo one contains one file, provider.py: def five(): return 5 Repo two contains one file, consumer.py. import provider # assume path magic makes this work def test_five_is_produced(): assert provider.five() == 5 if __name__ == '__main__': test_five_is_produced() I also have an external build script that copies provider and consumer, from origin/master/HEAD into the same directory, and runs `python consumer.py`. Now I want to change `five` to actually be `number`, such that `number(n) == n`, ie. I really want a more generic impl. What sequence of changes can I commit such that tests will always pass, at any point in time? There is no way to atomically update both provider and consumer. There will be some period of time, perhaps only milliseconds, but some period of time, at which point I can run my build script and it will pick up incompatible versions of the two files. This is a reductive example, but the function `five` in this case takes the role of a more complex API of some kind. Didn't you just reinvent versioning and frozen dependencies? What you described is not always building at latest, it's building at latest except when there are issues at which point you don't build at latest and instead build at a known good version. Consequences of this are, for example, that you cannot run all affected tests at every commit. >sure. I honestly don't see why that's a problem though, especially since "at every commit" can have clear markers for if it's expected to be buildable or not. The value from this is the ability to always know exactly which thing caused which problem. If you know things are broken now, you can bisect from the last known good state, and find the change that introduced a breakage. With multi-repo, you can't do that, since it's not always a single change that introduces a breakage, but a combination. Ensuring that everything always builds at latest allows you to do a bunch of really cool magical bisection tricks. If you don't have that, you can't bisect to find breakages or regressions, because your "bisection" is 1. now 2 dimensional instead of 1 2. may/will have many false positives That puts you in a really rough spot when there's a breakage and you don't have the institutional knowledge to know what broke it. To your first point, I'mma need you to explain how you bisect across a poset, because that's what you just claimed you could do. To your second point, nothing I've said has anything to do with deployment. We're still entirely in the realm of continuous integration. The dependencies aren't really "downloaded" at all. When you build something, the artifacts are cached locally, but the files you are editing generally speaking not actually stored on your machine. They're accessed on demand via FUSE. >It is not flawed at all. If you cannot provide a validation for your algorithm decisions when challenged then you algorithm belongs in a research lab or on your laptop, not in production. Alright, then you cannot use an algorithm for image or video recognition. So how do you solve this problem? There some answer is because different applications require different latencies. VoIP and video conferencing, for example, have hard latency requirements that even other high bandwidth activities like viewing YouTube or Netflix do not. As a user, I would prefer if my video calls are the highest priority, whereas I wouldn't care if my YouTube videos downloaded in batches in the background, as long as I didn't encounter buffering. As another user said, QoS on my router won't much matter when I have only one computer connected to it. Content-aware load balancing/QoS at higher stages, if done correctly/morally, leads to better service for everyone. There's a counterargument to this that you should just be able to purchase a dedicated/guaranteed 1 gb/s, and I can buy that idea, but currently, that kind of thing is really expensive (and I expect that there's a dirty little secret that the service provider will still use "your" bandwidth if you aren't). Does such a scheme continue to work well for high bandwidth, low latency traffic (videoconferencing, potentially livestreaming)? Essentially, I believe such a scheme would break down if you had, for example, 4N bandwith, 3 users using an average of N, with the ability to buffer, and one user using an average of N but fluctuating by +- .5N, and without the ability to buffer. I don't think the scheme you described would work in such a case, but an "intelligent" provider could give everyone in this situation a "perfect" experience. Granted, I'm not sure how realistic what I just described is, but still. Mildly confused: The paper claims there are only 5 used actions, but I also observed wavedashing. Also as an aside this is yet another in a series of not as cool as I'd hoped melee ML projects :( Left/right dodges are the rolls. Wavedashes are a more complex maneuver. > Falcon AI which one is that, I hadn't seen it (and its not the one you linked). And this is why we have judges and juries. What, excluding the google doodles, appear to be made for preschoolers, and why? Apple's (industrial) design is, if I used just two words, flat and alien. Apple's UIs and product logos are more colorful, but their physical products are almost without fail white or brushed aluminum, and foreboding. Google uses color in its software, but if you take a look at google's physical products ("Google Home", "Google Pixel phone", etc.), you'll note that they're less colorful than their logos and software. Curious what makes you think "preschoolers"? I haven't used typescript, but I have used MyPy (Or, more accurately, pytype), and its absolutely a joy to work with. I've also used closure (the JS type system that isn't TypeScript) and I prefer pytype, fwiw. My only complaint about Pytype is that there's no `Char` type at compile time (ie `for x in "a string"` -> Iterable[Char] instead of Iterable[str] during typechecking). But alas. Code written in dynamically typed language requires less code, which often means less surface area for failure, and less tests. >No it does not, neither in theory nor in practice. I've yet to come across something that was fewer loc in C++/java than in python. That said, this is true even if I use pytype. It would, unfortunately that doesn't work. If it did, no one would believe that the Earth is flat. Has this guy been fired? So you think that he'll be fired next week without Google verifying the allegations? Do you have examples of that occurring, or is it just conjecture? Examples of "showing interest" casuing an HR complaint. That article is paywalled. I'm going to also disagree. Absolutely avoid power dynamics, but relationships within the same company aren't harmful by design. Amusingly, using tinder isn't enough to avoid dating within the company for many. I would disagree that the price is small. Many of my closest friends are opposite gender, and as another user said, avoiding cross gender friendships is likely to be harmful to the gender which has fewer people at the top. Tweeting is not an HR complaint. So you have any examples of that, or were you exaggerating? You've twice now given me examples of things that aren't "an HR complaint filed for someone showing interest." That's all I'm interested in. Can you back up that assertion, or not? This is a relatively incredible set of claims. Care to back them up? Specifically the 10x more likely to be exonerated of murder than rape, and the more surprising claim that a majority of false rape claims end in the guy being screwed, by which I assume you mean jailtime. All of the evidence I've seen directly contradicts both of those assertions, so I'd like to know how you concluded that. Responding to edit: Interesting that you've managed to twist "a tweet" into being equivalent to an HR complaint. Perhaps that's the bigger issue. But I also just scrolled through a few hundred or maybe a few thousand #metoo tweets. I didn't see a single example that fit the definition of "complaining that a co-worker expressed interest". Can you give some examples of those tweets? I feel like that at least should be possible. This shows a misunderstanding of the us legal system. You or I don't press criminal charges, a DA does. We can report a crimes, this girl did, the rest is up to the state. Here the girl reported a crime, there appears to have been compelling evidence that what she says was true, and the state declined to press charges. That's not her fault, it's a systemic failure. The Justice system is distinct from the social system. Or do you think that since Roy Moore, as an example, was never found guilty of a crime, he is innocent and the rumors about him should be ignored? What you're arguidng for is exactly why we have the Weinstein's of the world, and why they feel empowered to abuse. It's not: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/millionaire-ehsan... And that's just the one I happen to remember because of the ridiculous excuse. I'm sure cursory research would dig up more. None of the claims made in that post are plausible. I think that comparing that case and the McDonald's coffee case is ridiculous. You're correct, we weren't in the courtroom, but that doesn't make juries infallible. Except that I'm not equally ignorant, given that we know the defenses argument, and it's ridiculous . That's not the reverse question. You stated that we should use the innocent until proven guilty standard everywhere. I'm claiming that that's not good. There are alternatives to innocent until proven guilty that aren't "fire someone because of a nasty rumor." >and your insistence that you know enough is frankly disturbing. I'd appreciate that you not make accusations like this, and I think this violates HN conduct guidelines. In any case. I've presented evidence that includes quotes from the testimony. You're argument rests on the jury having deliberated for 30 minutes. Juries are incredibly stupid. They can be misled, they can and do get things wrong, all the time. My argument can be summed up as "the jury is wrong, here's why". Your counterargument is "the jury disagrees with you". And to that I'd say "duh, that's why I said they're wrong". Using the Jury's conclusion as a counterargument to the statement "The jury is incorrect" is not an argument. Over what timescale? Quoting the guidelines: >When disagreeing, please reply to the argument instead of calling names. "That is idiotic; 1 + 1 is 2, not 3" can be shortened to "1 + 1 is 2, not 3." Your statements about "absurdity" and "arrogance" are unwarranted. And you're now also putting words in my mouth. I won't be responding further. >Yeah, we already saw how that went on China [1]. I don't really see how this is comparable. Google has had a subset of things available in China forever (translate, as a clear example), and interacts with China for certain things (AlphaGo). That doesn't change the fact that none of its "moneymaker" consumer products have operated there for years. Really this sounds like a situation where they're setting up a system where every actor is in violation, but there's an understanding that you won't be charged, unless someone doesn't like you. That's worrisome when it applies to people, and I'd like to think its worrisome when applied to corporations too. This is a total non sequitor, but huh, your last comment on this account was in 2012. Do you use others, or just only speak when you feel you have something incredibly cool (which this tidbit certainly is!) to add? 2110 is such a good course. I've mentioned it in this sub before, since people always bring up gba programming. And pfft, "upper level my ass", some people take 2110 their second semester. >It does only affect them though, but that is not the same,especially when people are using this argument (as you do) to insinuate that people opposing gay marriage think gay people are lesser beings or something like that. Actually to the best of my knowledge, it is the same, at least under US law. De facto discrimination is still considered discrimination. Unfortunately, beyond the syllabus, I don't think so, no. > I get that it feels different to you - but I'm telling you in good faith that it doesn't to me. I think there's a very obvious difference: (hopefully) Your views on guns and personal liberty are based on ethics and under the system you believe is ethical, personal liberty and firearms are important. You do not hold a code of ethics because it allows you to use firearms, but you believe you are allowed to use firearms due to the ethical system. (I may be mistaken here, but allow me to overstep and state that I'd find anyone who developed an ethical system to support their use of firearms downright scary). For someone who is gay, there's nothing like that. They find different people attractive. No ethical systems to it. In other words, "I love people of my same sex" is an axiom, "people should be allowed to use firearms" is a conclusion. Again, not the same thing. As far as the atheist is concerned, that belief is ridiculous. You're conflating belief with action. A better example would be an atheist working with someone trying to impose religious law. It goes without saying that this is a false equivalency, and yet here I am. There is no way someone's skin color, in isolation, can impact me. If I know someone's views though, that means that they must have already taken some action that expressed those views. >Google Hangouts for one! I believe this now works on FF, according to an HN post yesterday. >If you don't like the standards, advocate for new ones! I think the problem with this is it means that I can't provide something useful until the standards body updates, which could be a cadence of years. In that timeframe, a competitor will break the standard. >In other words, "I love people of my same sex" is an axiom, "people should be allowed to use firearms" is a conclusion. I feel that I addressed that. I never said anything about importance. I said they were different, and I believe that they should be treated differently because they are different, not because one is more important than the other. I'm well aware of implicit bias, and making a totally orthogonal statement. I'm specifically talking about how another person's skin color would affect me , not how I might change my behavior of them based on their skin color. Their skin color does not affect me. Their skin color might affect how I treat them, and my skin color might affect how they treat me, but their skin color does not affect me. >It seems like you're analyzing all of these situations assuming that one side is correct. I don't believe I've made any assumptions about who is correct. I simply stated that there is a difference between working with someone who holds a belief, and someone who actively lobbies for that belief to be legislated. I think that's true irrespective of what those beliefs are, and the question of whether or not I agree with some specific belief or not is separate from "holding a belief" being distinct from "lobbying for that belief". >There's no way to even know a person's beliefs without some action on their part. Indeed, and this is one of the most vital distinctions between "discrimination" based on belief and aspect. You cannot not express your race or gender, or perhaps you can, but it requires expending significant effort. This is not true for beliefs, you can always not express a belief, even a strongly held one. I do it all the time. >Are you claiming that all 'speech' is action? I'm willing to claim that a donation to a lobbying group is an action. Would you disagree? >So how exactly is someone stating that they're a Muslim not an action in the same way? Does you being a Muslim convey any kind of information to me about the opinion you hold of me? Does you stating that convey any information to me? On the other hand, does you stating "I hate people with the username joshuamorton" convey any information? I'd say no, no, yes. That's the difference. >Are you saying it would be fine if Eich believed that gay marriage should remain illegal as long as he never expressed that belief in any way to anyone? I mean I absolutely do think that would be alright. I by no means think that people should be forced to express their views, so yes I would have zero problem with Eich choosing not to express his views. I think so: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15972967 For me to know your view, you must have expressed it in some manner. That implies an action on your part. For me to know your gender or race, you simply need to exist, and must actively work to hide either. Expressing their view took action, and their actions can affect me. >Type hints allow external tools to check some things, but at this point you're basically imposing static types so why not use a language with the tooling and optimizations to take advantage of that? Python's type system is, imo, currently better than Java's, and the syntax is cleaner than java's or C++s. You get all the benefits of static typing without having to put `auto` and `List<>` everywhere. And at the same time, you get all of the advantages that python has over statically typed languages that aren't haskell (like comprehensions). And, when you need to, if you're doing something that's especially tricky or dynamic or whatnot, you can fall back to untypedness. I think the closest parallel I can draw is to something like Rust. You get a huge set of guarantees for free, but can opt to do unsafe things when it's absolutely necessary, and better yet, you can start in unsafe land and then go back later and make sure your code is safe. I'm curious what tooling you feel that say, Java, has over type-annotated python. > It's still possible to silently and unknowingly pass the wrong type of value into any given argument This is also possible in traditionally statically typed languages. Nothing stops you from doing unsafe casts or using reflection. Much like its exceedingly unlikely that you'll run across this in "normal" java or C++, its exceedingly unlikely for you to run into any issues with this in python. And, in fact, the typechecker has ways to handle unusual things like dynamically created attributes, for when that comes up. And yes I mean this quite honestly. I've seen a lot of typechecked code, some of it quite ridiculously dynamic. Typecheckers perform absolutely fine. >The "tooling" the other languages have includes a compiler that performs these checks in a way that Hints + Checker-of-choice is unlikely (or unable) to. What way is that? Typechecking is static analysis. There's really no difference between how java or cpp does typechecking and how mypy does, other than that the python typechecker isn't installed by default. >The answer is: not nearly what a compiler does. This is not an answer. >The typechecker can't handle un-hinted code And in Java or c++, un-hinted code couldn't compile. The python type checker can do more than a java or c++ checker in this regard. >Neither of those is "silent" or "unknowing". They're exactly as silent or unknowing as you would get in typed python code. You appear to be comparing untyped python. That's an incorrect comparison. Offhand, I actually can't think of anything I could do in typed python that would get around the type checker, that wouldn't be considered reflection or a dynamic cast, and be very obviously so in python too. If you have an example of a silent or unknowing failure of well typed python code that passes on mypy, you should probably file a bug report ;) >That you don't like or agree with it doesn't make it not an answer. You're right. Its not an answer not because I disagree with it (I don't), but because it doesn't actually answer anything, which is why I don't disagree with it. To summarize this: Python typecheckers are capable of more type inference than Java, and require less syntax than c++ or Java to get well typed code. A typed python codebase can interact cleanly with an untyped python codebase, and within the typed parts of the code, you get equivalent safety guarantees to what the type systems of Java or C++ provide. Your appear to be ascribing magical powers to compilers in other languages, when those compilers have exactly the same type information as mypy does. In other words, going back to your first statement: >Hints don't provide any guarantees. Hints provide exactly the same guarantees as any other type system: "Assuming you write reasonable code that doesn't attempt to subvert the type system, the type system will catch any dumb mistakes you make." That's the exact same guarantee you get in any statically typed language. Sure, but at that point you've just reimplemented python in macros ;) The other thing to note is that sorted([(k.weight, k.name) for k in somelist], reverse=True) is essentially already typechecked: def biggest_ks(ks: K): return sorted([(k.weight, k.name) for k in ks], reverse=True) The above code now has all the same type guarantees as your c++, actually maybe more since the macros you use are going to be...uhhh, mysterious. >(i.e. matrices of compatible dimensions) What language do you use where you can get these kinds of guarantees? As far as I know very few languages provide those kinds of dependent types statically. Empirically, there are a lot more million line python codebases than F# or haskell codebases, in fact I can name multiple million line python codebases, and 0 F# or haskell codebases. Given that, logic would indicate some sort of failure on the part of haskell and F#, or they would see wider adoption among the large codebases where they are so useful. Do you disagree? >Fluent use of a dynamic language will use and create constructs that are nearly un-typeable. Can you give examples? In practice, I haven't noticed this being an issue. >Fluent use of a dynamic language will use and create constructs that are nearly un-typeable. Can you give examples? In practice, I haven't noticed this being an issue. A lot of python code already had/has docstrings explaining the types, these annotations just formalize that a bit more. I'm aware of that, I was more thinking in the general case, as comes up in machine learning for example, where you have sizes like 128, 192, and odd shapes like 12x3x100x100 4-tensors, etc. That is, generalized matrix types, not simply rotation matrix types or whatnot for special cases. Nor do you in python in many cases, it's type inference is quite good, certainly better than c++ or java, which is what I was speaking of. But you're right, I should have specified "traditional" static language. By everywhere, I mean where it's otherwise obvious: auto s = "Hello world"; for (auto c: s) { cout Those autos don't need to exist, they're completely inferable, otherwise you wouldn't use auto. It's not like you can use auto in function declarations, nor should you, I agree. Good to know. I was apparently unaware how powerful templates were. I think I knew that templates were Turing complete, but so are java generics, it's just that to get dependent types in generics you have to reinvent the integers within the generic system. Not so for templates, which I didn't realize. That's pretty nifty! Right, but my point is that there's really no tangible benefit to writing the type at all. In a language with good type inference (Haskell, ml, modern python), the string literal is known to be a string, and you don't need to do any extra work. This law also forbids using third party agencies to get salary data of an applicant. It appears you missed my point. I can't think of a 100kloc f# or Haskell codebase, so even if they were 10x as terse as python, which they aren't, python comes out ahead. If they're so much better, why don't people use them? I don't see how you could implement the (k.attr).for_(k) part. That's essentially an assignment, a macro could maybe convert it to a lambda, but I don't see how it would be done macro-free. Right, but Scala is different from Haskell or f#. It doesn't use the same kind of type inference (hm) as classical ml derivatives.