mmap of course? Light is the only thing thats done it for me, ever. In high school I made myself get up and turn on a light, which was permission to go back and lie on the bed for another 15 minutes. Without light, I've never been able to get up. The funny part is I sometimes forget this for extended periods of time and suffer awfully trying to get up in the morning. Ah! One of my favorite topics! Inkboard was a fork of inkscape that was an experimental collaborative whiteboard. It uses XMPP, and some pieces of it were merged into Inkscape proper well after the fact. Coccinella is a perl/tk IM client that uses XMPP to do whiteboarding. shit was at 75% less than a week ago, of the 10k it was requesting. talk about a fast shift. Threaded model has two detractors; Foremost, context switching. This is a non-trivial process: on-die caches get flushed, virtual memory has to get re-mapped, registers re-loaded. This is by definition lost time, time the OS is spent not doing your workload. If the number of context switches gets too large, a system is spending an inordinate amount of time performing context switches, and less time doing "real work" inside threads. You cite two isues, slow and not scaling. Second, memory usage. Each thread has its own stack space, which consumes a fixed memory size. As to "slow" and "does not scale;" slow is relative; the amount of time spent context switching is very dependent on a variety of workload factors. Threading _can_ be slow. Scaling, on the other hand, is less unequivocal. A quarter million active threads, each doing very little, is not a good thing: too much memory, too many context switches, and too high a latency. The problem is not threading per se. It's pre-emptive multi-threading, where a programs state is transparently pulled from the CPU by the OS and serialized to someplace else, and another programs state is de-serialized and loaded in transparent; that is, without the loaded or unloaded program knowing. Erlang and tasklets are examples of userspace or lightweighs threads where pre-emption is not permitted, and the context switching penalty is negligible. Instead of threads being ignorant, and being preemptively swapped in and out, they are coordinated and actively yield themselves back to the scheduler, thereby reducing the context switching penalty. ryah immediately posted the following series of tweets, to such effect: "Thanks-some valid criticisms. The story doesn't stop at the process boundary. Concurrency through Spawning&IPC should be discussed" "ie, "actors", although not explicitly given that name, are baked in. I just don't feel then need to put them inside the same process." asked about impl discussion; "Not really. It's not fancy: unix socks, no framing protocols, no RPC daemons. But using what's there is a valid concurrency solution." the particular danger i'd cite w/r/t JS is that its a much more flexible language than many, and that there's not the same level of entrenched best practices and tooling to enforce best practices. in other words, everyone knows JS, granted, but they know very different styles of it. consider the plethora of means of doing inheritance that exist for JS. There are features you miss by relying on IPC. UNIX Sockets are zero copy, sure, but you still lose performance doing the marshal/unmarshal tasks, and that could be largely avoided using shared immutable memory. I'd much rather node have a multi-threaded Web Workers implementation of nodejs that uses immutable shared memory for message passing. Not coincidentally, I'd much rather push the real distributed scaling problems (such as coordination and marshalling/demarshalling) up to a much much higher level in my application stack. As it stands now, I need multiple marshal/unmarshallers, for the IPC layer and the app's scaling-out/distributed layer. the entire point was that it's not mapreduce, it's a stream processing system. try http://wiki.s4.io/Manual/S4Overview#toc1 for a " what is S4 " intro. The architecture resembles the Actors model, providing semantics of encapsulation and location transparency, thus allowing applications to be massively concurrent while exposing a simple programming interface to application developers. and S4 is a general-purpose, distributed, scalable, partially fault-tolerant, pluggable platform that allows programmers to easily develop applications for processing continuous unbounded streams of data. go stream processing. also see Flume for related recent works. Any delay in rendering web pages is due to the network. many many webapps do not use the network, and any latency experienced comes from the page's own processing, the browser & the os. i'd throw ANDROID-1147 and ANDROID-1376 in the Android technical management "absolutely really just doesn't get it" bucket. otoh, the issue Charles Ying of Satine.org rages aobut, ANDROID-6914, seems much more questionable to me because the issue itself is really complex. the two tickets, "Support for external keyboard, mouse" and "Browser doesn't render SVG images" both strike me as absolutely essential to making smartphones competitive with PC's. people have been happily attaching fold up keyboards to Palm Pilots for a decade now, SVG is perhaps the only sane route forwards for resolution independent apps and animation, and Apple has found religion on both these topics-- yet Android is obstinately behind. otoh composited gpu acceleration is not nearly the huge obvious win C. Ying boasts it as. the gpu is more power efficient than the cpu for intensive applications, but a smartphones natural state is not intensive use. mr guy of android points out a number of complexities-- opengl drivers only supporting a single context, opengl acceleration proving less speedy than software implementations. it places huge emphasis on driver support, which any embedded wonk will tell you is a scary prospect. although gpu acceleration is becoming better supported, keep in mind that the smartphone market expands, both up and down, with broadcom & others putting out chips designed for sub $75 smartphones. android is definitely not winning the race for the top atm, but performance has always been a rather lonely market-- that said, unsmooth experiences dont fly. software graphics focus insures a base level of performance for everyone, and strikes me as the right place to start to insure a speedy experience not subject to external interrupts. the current silkiness situation is a little sad. it'll get better. more relevant to me is Android not playing in the ecosystem-- external peripherials, UPnP/DLNA, SVG-- these are the real things that will make or break not Android, but the open digital web, and Android is failing, badly, even in compare with non-web-enthusiasts Apple. Samsung cared, and they spend X million dollars building new devices that made use of the hardware they had onboard because they cared. As a result they can run a browser at 720p smoothly on their phone. Innovation doesnt come from asking people what they want. It comes from finding new markets and making new means. The argument in favour of a GPU-accellerated GUI which is not mentioned here is battery life. I haven't been testing this side of things, but just because a CPU can do a 60 FPS GUI doesn't mean it should. Deferring it to the GPU would certainly reduce power consumption while navigating a UI. Both Charles Ying of Satine and wzdd seem sympathetic to this notion that the gpu is a power saving device. Surely it is when doing complex work. On the other hand, most smartphone usage consists of relatively simple screens and basic if any transitions. If it's only going to take 3ms of CPU work to run a 150ms animation, by all means, figure out how to keep the OS from interrupting the high priority graphics task and make the CPU do it. Particularly if the GPU would have to be on across the entire 150ms. If not, what is the cost of copying the graphical content between the GPU and the CPU? How much CPU does it take to initialize and set up the GPU for this extremely simple task you ask of it? Is the CPU going to be able to sleep while the GPU is running the animation, and if not what kind of context switching and control costs are going to be imposed on the CPU to manage the graphics state? We've barely begun to see multi-core cell phone GPU's, but the point of the GPU is basically to run lots of work at a nice low clock rate where voltages can be dropped. If you dont have a lot of work to do, there's really no sense waking up the GPU and having it's extremely dumb poorly-branching cores chug away at figuring out, say, the SVG animations that a semi-competent ARM core could knock off right quick. You're just wasting power turning on the GPU. Smoothness and polish, I suspect, are much more a questions of resource allocation than CPU capability, particularly when you've got a sub 640x480 surface and a 1GHz core. One of the reasons I'd switched to Opera over Mozilla/Firebird/Firefox was because it remained consistently responsive. A page would be freaking out dog slow doing heaven knows what... in firefox, the browser would be frozen, in Opera, I could continue interfacing and issuing gestures and keyboard commands. Even on my old Fujitsu P1120 - a dog slow 800MHz Transmeta Crusoe beast with 223 MB ram - Opera, while not visually responsive, was at least queuing my operations, and would respond as fast as it was able. There didnt seem to be any event queue in firefox; if the browser was freaking out, keyboard commands &c would be outright dropped. hubs cannot insert data. the only function a hub serves is to assert that there is new data on the feed, and that clients should re-request the feed. a malicious hub could continually signal clients to keep fetching the feed, triggering a Denail-of-Service on the feed. that's really the only possible mis-use. hubs can also proxy. ycombinator could run their own hub that could subscribe to someone else's hub and notify by proxy all of it's clients. this negates a lot of the "big hub" mumbo jumbo you seem to fear. to answer your original confusion, the problem PubSubHubbub solves are two fold. foremost, 5 minutes is a long time in some worlds. second, every client subscribing has to pole every 5 minutes, asserting an etag and/or if-modified-since, which the server then has to look at and validate. with pubsubhubbub, results are "instant" and the server doesnt have any load when nothing new is being posted. this is indeed a big deal. to your last, a micro hub will have no additional load, so long as the micro hub has any subscribers. I'm not sure why you'd say puppet isnt a server provisioning tool. This managing of configurations you talk about, the way puppet interacts with package managers to install packages, these are the tasks I think about when I hear server provisioning. remember when Steve Jobs announced the iPhone, and said the only applications for it would be web applications? [1] and how, across the next 5 months before native apps were announced, people alternatively wondered how they were going to possibly develop for it, or whether it was going to be a second genesis for the web? yeah, good times. [1] http://www.engadget.com/2007/06/11/apple-announces-third-par... Fuck yes. This isn't about GB/$. This is about IOPS/($ x density) and Throughput/($ x density). Databases and datastores used to be limited by iops, and SSD's are altering the balance of where that bottleneck occurs: we've already seen absurd 9x SSD systems[1] and 24x SSD systems[2] running off three or four SATA/SCSI cards; this offers those levels of performance in a single package. 3GBps is 24Gbps. A mere two of these will max out the IO Hub on a Nehalem, which is good for 40Gbps[3]. As for getting that data into the CPU, the top of the line MP Xeon offers four QPI links good for 25.6Gbps a piece. That's 100Gbps, which four of these could provide, and it stands as a fixed upper bound for how much data an SMP (4-way in this case) system can be fed (and thus crunch) at once (and uses expensive 4-way cpus to do it). The throughput limit is now (erm, will be) the platform, not the IO storage. This is huge. Wait, no, strike that, it's incomprehensibly small, small and fast. References: [1] "Battleship mtron" http://www.nextlevelhardware.com/storage/battleship/ [2] "Samsung SSD Awesomeness" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96dWOEa4Djs&fmt=22 [3] "Building a Single Box 100Gbps Router" via http://shader.kaist.edu/packetshader/ I'd love to hear about the ASIC this runs on. Will it present SATA's AHCI interface? Will it eschew SATA altogether? Warranty is key here. That and having prepared ops. Which is no different than it was with HD's. But for the sake of it, let's run the numbers. A 700GB drive being written at 2GB/s would fully cycle in 350 seconds. That's 86400/350 is 247 cycles a day (amusing 247 ~ 24/7 coincidence spotted). Assuming a 10,000 cycle life, that's 40 days of operation. Go to 100,000 cycle life and that a 400 day lifetime of non-stop full-speed writing. And worth every sweet cent of that somewhat short life, in this commenters opinion. I'm sure that the half rack of HD's it'd take to get this kind of IOPs wouldn't have an in any way improved expected lifetime cost. If you just need throughput the story may be a little different. Samsung has spent considerable effort getting better utilization of the PowerVR GPU, originally for the Galaxy Tab. It's really quite a shame these kind of under the hood optimizations are so far out of the mind of consumers; factors such as responsiveness and scrolling quality severely impact perceived experience, but there aren't good metrics and consumers don't know to look for them. To talk briefly about one item here, embedded systems dev kits; They strike me as a ludicrous 'pay to play' scheme. The old standard is that you have to buy a $2500 dev kit for every developers, and that standard has kept the individuals and enthusiasts out. OEM's ought have full design files for multiple reference board available, and sell implementations for something like cost. Much of this trenchant multi-level commercialism (developer kit company, silicon company) was natural for the way the software tooling used to work; one off debugging interfaces (also frequently $1000+) talking to each vendor's proprietary compilation/debugging toolchain, booting each vendor's own bootcode and running drivers developed by the vendor. Thankfully the open source stack is getting better. Another commenter discussed a sustainable bicycle part company ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2629346 ), and I see a similar parallel in that chip companies ought be investing in sustainable openly accessible tooling. SoC and high speed serial radically simplify many aspects of board design, chip companies ought be actively promoting the other side of easy accessibility & be working to produce open source drivers, facilitate tool support from the likes of OpenOCD, uBoot, &c, and doing every thing they can to reduce barriers to entry. linux can still boot without a /usr. this was a commit; how many people ran it? on the other hand, delete the boot.ini[1] and most windows systems cant even boot. now deploy that boot.ini deleting build on an MMO (eve online) and watch the fur fly. that, ladies and gentlemen, is how you earn a :golfclap:. [1] http://google.com/search?q=ccp+boot.ini I'm really excited I don't have to build my own XMPP Muji client[1]. Hang-outs are something I've wanted for a long long time; passive virtual spaces. Goonfleet used to go crazy with Stickam, but it was more event oriented, less passive. Hopefully this can be a good marker in helping people actually communicate and build community over the net, v. individual play. [1] http://telepathy.freedesktop.org/wiki/Muji I haven't heard anything about API's or developers. Another annoying case of "do no evil" not implying anything about actually pushing the state forward or helping. I'm not altogether that interested in the greater of the two silos, although I am excited by a state of play other than facebook moseying down the field palming the ball in one hand. Actually it's just Stickam. One that encourages you to be a leet idler. Enjoyable article, probably true for many; making me further happy I just picked up a stack of James Hillman & other Archetypal Psychologies & symbol books. There's nothing inherently contradictory about an unknowable truth. Disagree: it's merely trite, not incorrect, and in spite of being trite it still brings a grin to my lips. It starts with an arbitrary premise ("the brain wants to process symbols"). Since the premise is arbitrary, it doesn't help me at all. I think you are far off the mark. Want may well be tangential. The brain is a symbol processor; that's all it knows how to do. If there aren't positive feedbacks in place to encourage it to do what it does, this sole ability will atrophy and decay. Here's is your much vaunted evolution, in 36 words. The philosopher in me would much rather interrogate the implications and dynamics that this situation creates, and accept apriori what I see as self evident facts of creation. One of the main questions is how wide/broad spectrum a light source is. CFL's, I believe, have strong & narrow emission bands[1]. LED's tend to be a bit fatter (also shown in link[1]). I adore NIST's "Spectrally tunable lighting facility"[2]: a room with a huge variety of different narrow-ish-band LED's. You talked about a tuneable RGB array for selecting color, this is the same idea but comprised of 22 different colors, giving way better spectral control. Humans might not know the difference when they're looking at grey cards, but when it comes to seeing how different spectrums of light interact with real objects, I really like this idea of a tunable light source. [1] http://web.ncf.ca/jim/misc/cfl/ [2] http://www.nist.gov/pml/div685/grp05/vision_lighting.cfm LED & CFL are very much opposite situations for powering: LED uses very low voltage DC at high currents, and CFL uses high frequency high voltage low current. LED's have to be current limited. I recently picked up a 2V 100A power supply off ebay for some LED projects. :) The Mac's DHCP client is using the router's mac addresses to verify it's on the right network, and it already knows it still holds the lease. What the fuck more do you want? What are you afraid of? The only conceivable grief you can put forward is that the ARP check isn't good enough. The client already owns the lease. If there's IP contention, it's because either a) it's not on the right network after all (arp check) or b) the server's fucked up and it's the servers fault (dhcp server allocated an IP twice). Ok, so assuming the DHCP server isn't faulty may be a bit of a stretch. But coding your client to assume the server can do it's job does not deserve an "Ok, seriously?" hurf-burf post. Please name one or more DHCP server which will knowingly violate a lease it has granted, via "kill the oldest" or any other means. DHCP (rfc2131) doesn't really talk about IP exhaustion. It's undefined behavior, and there's a bunch of people in here saying that server's have every right to violate DHCP leases, otherwise someone can take over a network by continually claiming all of a Class C by continually making DHCP requests. That argument makes sense, but it goes very strongly against the grain of what I would think a DHCP lease meant, whcih is that it's a contract for a specific amount of time. If it is indeed a contract for a specific amount of time, the client has every right to claim what they're contractually obliged to. This was my initial assumption, and I believe it's Apple's rather valid assumption. It's not a case of Apple not following the protocol. It's a case of the real world being more complex than the protocol. Her network didnt produce this, a friend who had a kid with the same disease produced this. Stop mis-attributing individual connections as being performed by the collective. Those Nazi photographs that made the rounds recently? At the time they were heralded as a "wisdom of the crowds" moment, some great network shifting in to gear to crunch a hard problem. The case here & there are the same; it's not about the network, the collective knowledge, it's connecting to the right individuals.[1] [1] http://lens.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/06/22/world-war-ii-myster... Open sourced as of March 18th, 2011: http://code.google.com/p/leveldb/source/browse/trunk/LICENSE... That initial checkin: http://code.google.com/p/leveldb/source/detail?r=2 He looks so different than OSCON 2007: http://blip.tv/oreilly-open-source-convention/oscon-2007-ste... JUST FUCKING STOP IT. Don't use an ISO in the first place. Just make a USB drive with partitions and copy the damned data onto the USB drive. If you want a bootable partition, use syslinux, as detailed here: http://thefowle.livejournal.com/470622.html Going after people running Low Orbit Ion Cannon and expecting to get top brass is... incredible wishful thinking. I thought unetbootin was targeted towards single partition drives? The main advantage of what I've written is you get a nice FAT32 partition with syslinux, and secondary partitions on your USB drive for the actual OS; thus Windows (dunno about Mac) can use the drive normally, and it doubles as a bootable drive. Unforutnately unetbootin's "how it works" page is extremely sparse on detail. http://sourceforge.net/apps/trac/unetbootin/wiki/howitworks $ cat /etc/fstab / /dev/sda2 ext4 ro 1 1 Graphics are only a very small part of the advantage a truly volumetric world could present. A game that captured wind currents, scent, EM spectrum... these are just some of the attributes air normally carries that most games do not capture but that a volumetric system might be used to capture. It's likely someone can poke holes in my premise, but as a general rubric any law that mandates turning over personal information to law enforcement for the mere asking is highly suspect. Reminds me highly of those halcyon days of game modding, where everyone was building awesome Q1 and Unreal mods and levels. And one by one, at first slowly, those authors got plucked up and pulled into industry. The whole modding notion has become a rarity because, well, why mod when you can work in the commercial space making games? Prove yourself out by writing some decent mod content, then get hired. Judging SSD's by their little performance bits is a kind of amusing endeavor: the latest SandForce already saturates a 6Gbps SATA III link, and others are catching up real fast. This pretty standard unit of measure is hitting the limits of the interface, not the drive. What other criteria are there? GB/$, performance/watt, watts at idle, IOps, and warranty or lifecycle costs. Personally, I find something "big enough", ignore power consumption and iops (neither is going to make a huge enough difference for me to concern myself), and then get whatever I can find that has the longest warranty. I see very little reason I shouldn't do everything in RSS. I agree with Marco that this presents a danger of being committed to too much, of being afraid to trash things; the solution is to clearly isolate in your feed reader the feeds you do, and do not expect to fully read. Facebook: give me back my RSS feeds, you bastards. Small non-exclusive company rails against big companies who shield their developers / have become exclusive, news at 7. I'm all for companies that can keep developers and engineers up at the front, being deeply technical involved and interacting with their communities. But that's not going to be all companies, and Facebook in particular is one of those companies that is by their nature a closed system that builds itself not out in public (ala, say Mozilla), but through the proxy of press releases and new features dropped onto users' and 3rd partys' laps. The other big factor I'd pitch would be consistency: how much technical content is there, and what amount is appropriate for a developer to be showing off? If the event is not inherently a technical event, a fifteen or thirty minute segment from a developer might seem really out of place. Developers are to be respected, but Facebook isn't a technical company, it's a networking company. Facebook's infrastructure is open, but their product I would not hesitate to label as closed, even if it has APIs. Programming blogs post daily???? [1] demonstrates the use of default. var optimist= require('optimist') .alias({e:'email', hp:'homepage', a:'auto', '?':'help'}) .default('auto',true) I'm not sure whether I like the usage pattern of this code, which uses promises to resolve argv's[2]. I'll investigate having optimist autogenerate a usage statement; that would be convenient both as a dev and as a user. [1] https://github.com/rektide/git-ts/blob/master/publish.js#L3 [2] https://github.com/rektide/git-ts/blob/master/publish.js#L102 Sugarless is apparently a toolkit for creating execution contexts bearing a strong resemblance to a run through a Chain of Command pattern. you can only descend further into your command stack, not transition upwards. you could make a state machine by modelling out transitions forwards, sure, but it'd be of limited length. nay, execution context DSL. This has to be one of the least eloquent, least stirring most important ideas ever. We live with hypertext, in a world where Marshal McLuhan's entire "medium is the message" rules us in deeply different interconnected ways, yet people are allowed to claim mediums for themselves as inventions when in fact it's merely expression, not novel craft. I like how they admit right out that they pass off requests to a ThreadPool and that it's non-optimal for application performance. Similar to IIS 6.0 (classic mode, a.k.a. ISAPI mode), the request is still handed over to ASP.NET on an IIS I/O thread. And ASP.NET immediately posts the request to the CLR Threadpool and returns pending. We found this thread switch was still necessary to maintain optimal performance for static file requests. Author goes on to say it was done because static file serving is blocking, which ate away too heavily at a unified threadpool between IIS and ASP.NET. I'd call out SEDA here again. Passing work items around between executors is in-advisable. That said, the typical problem to "you need a responsive request handler" is "offload the work item asap and yield," and done well there's many many right ways for that effort to look like SEDA. So the server has multiple threads. If a handler blocks in one thread, another thread can pick up incoming requests. So far, so good. In return for needing to carefully synchronise access to shared state, we get to efficiently share that state (even if its just a hot cache of secure session cookies - things you don’t want to be validating every incoming request etc) between many threads and multiplex incoming requests between them. Sharing state is bad, m-kay? Allow Node to do it's thing ( So the server has multiple threads. If a handler blocks in one thread, another thread can pick up incoming requests. ). It's aggrieving that this model requires any given handler to be able to service any given request, tbh. Shared state is a folly. A serializing token scheme might work well: if a request fails to find the data local to it's core, it passes a serializing token of the request around the ring of handlers, asking either a, for the required data, or b, take the token and run the data. Serializing tokens are a concept Matt Dillon spoke of often at the inception of DragonflyBSD; much like locks, except that ownership is not relinquished, someone always hold the token, but instead phase changed, yielded to another. it's a responsive less a stateful ownership. Sadly that token ownership negotiation requires some kind of interruption in the currently-occupied worker thread: if that thread could be interrupted to do other things, this serializing token negotiation might be an acceptable argument (ending with a) no, i'm busy using that set, b) sorry, i had the data and was free, so i completed it, or c) here's the data, i'm busy and not using it). But it does still require thread-interruption. If the worker thread can yield frequently and resume, finding the answer might be a small enough invisible enough calculation to help plaster over there being interruptions altogether; that's essentially the hope. The result would be the mating of green threading to with location aware latency aware multi-processing. The final question/answer is resolved around, Hellepoll has the concept of a task tree - tasks can be subtasks of others, and this simplifies tidy-up when one aborts. This explicit linking of tasks and callbacks can be used to determine what gets migrated when a task blocks, to ensure that the cascade of events associated with a request do not themselves get split, but fire in the originating thread and in the right order even if at some point the thread triggers the blocking watchdog. He asks, in closing, I am not a node.js user but I wonder if this approach could be transparent in node and not actually break any of the API contract there? This is the work being done on 0.8, with domains and isolates. It is explicitly to allow this kind of task/work parenting to be made: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/nodejs/eVBOYiI_O_A/-mA... The custom ASIC work is interesting, but I tend to think Caldexa's approach of just putting 4x10Gbit ethernet links on each CPU instead of building specialized virtualization HW would be a more worthwhile advancement. That said I think it's awesome and there's a huge opportunity for AMD to do great things with some cool super small super dense computing here. Given all the things the Google Chrome User-Agent does keep in sync across different User-Agent instances, I'd imagine keeping a host of origin-bound certs in sync wouldn't pose too great a challenge. I'd love to see BrowserAuth take off! Do ya'll know about the Sugar Project's Collaborative Activities (Sugar is the UI that once was OLPC)? It uses multi-computer DBus Tubes to enable cross system activities: here's their multi-player MIDI environment where kids can jam together via each of their' computers' on screen or real MIDI devices. OpenMirage project is a similar-ish idea, providing numerous implementations of a std-lib for different targets (sample targets: Android, Linux OS, raw x86), and using this limited API. Sure, ZeroVM has it's own "vm instructions" rather than "library calls," but the ideas both reduce to building virtual machines for great glory and profit. AutoPager is on both Chrome and Firefox and bloody changed my life. Parent was TL;DR: I already knew this is bloody essential, totally the only proper way to do things, and that one cannot go back after having tried. Of course, the other major split from Atwood is that I think he's dead wrong. It's not about delivering better targetted results. That will, inevitably, fail. It's about the other part he briefly mentions- reducing irrelevant friction. The reason Google suceeded only with shorter results was because the friction of scanning through and filtering a result was so very high (taking a couple excerpts, a title, furrowing one's brow, thinking hard, and making a binary click/ don't click value-judgement guess). https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mmgagnmbebdebebbcl... https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/autopager/ Chumby is gone. But it's lead engineer Bunnie has a new company, BunnieStudios. http://www.bunniestudios.com/ BunnieStudios makes the netv device: it's an HDMI pass-through injector, and it's interface is all web based. REALLY nice polyfill! The Filesystem API is really good for DIY'ing cache, particularly useful when you have dynamic assets that you don't want to list out one by one in an Application Cache's manifest file. The problem is covered really well by the presentation Douchebag: AppCache, by Jake Archibald. http://lanyrd.com/2012/jsconf-us/sqxcz/ Using IndexedDB to fill the Filesystem API makes loads of sense! It'd be great if cached JSON data were usable as IndexedDB data too, more than an opaque blob: you could fetch data via FS api, but run most of your UI off the IndexedDB side. This is getting a little fantastical, but happy hacking to anyone venturing out that way! for the more DIY, hrtime.cputime() works great too. No. Anyone who has ever run a MPD server and turned on the Avahi advertisement has run a social streaming media server. DLNA and AirPlay come close, except they don't have editable playlists (just, loadable ones). The Nexus Q maintains a playlist that can be collaboratively edited. What this thing is not any different than is MPD, Music Playing Daemon. Which, btw, is nine year old software. Photo I took tonight of my 'social media streaming' output-only hardware: https://plus.google.com/113218107235105855584/posts/dgit2hfs... AirPlay offends my delicate palate with the odor of closed pricey unnecessarily locked down technology. Use UPnP or DLNA for your interoperable "high-quality" streaming needs please. DLNA MediaRenderer AV devices, aka televisions, have been pretty popular for a while. We're just seeing DLNA speakers showing up, now that AirPlay is on the scene. There is one missing DLNA capability I think Airfoil might have, which is whole house synced audio. This is a ubicomp play, pure and simple, and they kept it bare bones. A) Less chance of confusing people with "apps" or anything fancy. B) Locked down to the Play Googlesphere. The two reasons I've cooked up for why an audio amplifier is on the unit: 1. The device is meant to grow a whole house audio network. Your main A/V system can run the main room, but your Nexus Q devices in your bathroom, your den, and your kitchen ought not all need full AV setups as well. 2. One of the main use cases is to offer a digital welcoming mat at your site to anyone who comes by. I'm not sure what the system capabilities are for the Nexus Q, but plenty of tablets and mobile devices have pretty respectable displays: what they lack is speakers, because speakers by their nature are bulky and weighty devices. Nexus Q solves the most problematic part of nomadic computing, adequate sound: the only part of media consumption that is by it's nature required to be a part of the room infrastructure. There's a freebie reason as well: it's cost is close enough to free. The audio chip, TAS5713, is listed as $2.15 in 1k units. They probably had to spend that again to upgrade the power supply, for which 25 of it's available 35 watts are dedicated to audio, and most of that cost gets sunk in larger passive components. The binding posts are probably nearly a dollar. There's a tiny bit more board real estate, a couple more passive components, but those are pennies. The overall cost is, I maintain, slight. Adding more power would've been problematic: bigger power supply, perhaps bigger PCB traces, and the unvented passive-cooling-cum-metal-casing would have needed to be revamped to handle the significant heat-load. After 25 watts, audio goes from being a single chip IC to requiring discrete components, namely cooled and dedicated power switching transistors. 25 watts was as most as could be squeezed in easily. You mention amplifier speakers in your post, ot, but M-Audio AV40's would be my goto compare, and at 20 watts/channel they're A) are not much of an upgrade and b) no slouch in their class, having more watts than many many AirPlay devices. Amplified speakers also create a much more complex wiring scenario: instead of being free to wire speakers wherever, one speaker now wants wall power, and the other speaker has to chain off the first. With an integrated amplifier, speakers are free to be moved into whatever satellite position is desired. 12.5 watts is quite a lot of power. It sounds meek compared to the hundred watts of an AV amplifier, and indeed, it won't get ragingly loud on most speaker sensitivities, but it will be loud (buy a Sonic Impact T-Amp and find out for yourself! $35 awesome-sauce battery-powerable mini amp, highly recommended!). I for one think the ability to easily throw up cloud powered bookshelf speakers wherever is really cool. This OpenHome is interesting, there's a lot of stuff going on here! An OS to host Web UI's for controlling a network stack... whoa, there's a lot here. There are a lot of AV components, listed at http://openhome.org/wiki/OhMedia . Multiroom and party-mode synchronized audio are there too. My biggest fear is Ouya being anything other than another Android device that runs Android software. I'm terrified the company tries to create their own platform, rather than just creating a very solid reference hardware that'd be ideal for Android gaming. The completely non-standard gamepad with display is a terrifying hint that Ouya is trying to do their own thing, not build a good solid ecosystem device. The market has no incentive to create a system that hands users a microscope that shows what is happening at the cellular level, that can, as a natural science not programming, demonstrate what is happening. To say the market has demonstrated that people don't care about comprehending is false: the market has not found a marketable way to sell explodable systems, and CS has not created runtimes that can illustrate their functionality, can be introspected into, in a high level or compelling systems view. _The big problem with our culture is that it's being dominated, because the electronic media we have is so much better suited for transmitting pop-culture content than it is for high-culture content. I consider jazz to be a developed part of high culture. Anything that's been worked on and developed and you [can] go to the next couple levels._ I'm not sure that our media is necessarily better suited towards transmission: I suspect we just lack mediums that make looking at what is happening evident and interesting (even with X years of programming experience, watching another persons webapp run is rarely fun or an obvious exercise). This is a failure of our runtimes and the weak structures we use to build code. The tech is not here yet: Passpoint/Hotspot 2.0 is the first step of many that will eventually integrate Wi-Fi hotspots seamlessly into the carrier’s mobile networks. Networks will be able to pass subscribers from cell site to hotspot and back again as Wi-Fi gets incorporated into the increasingly diverse array of small cells that will make up future heterogeneous networks, or HetNets. That’s still a long time coming though. Hotspot 2.0 only takes care of the discovery and authentication of carrier-owned or managed hotspots. If you’re an AT&T or an SK Telecom with tens of thousands of hotspots under your control, then Passpoint will be a boon, as certified devices will automatically connect to any carrier access point in range. http://gigaom.com/broadband/wi-fi-alliance-begins-certifying... When this happens, except "your" FIOS router to start serving data to Verizon wireless users. Four times the cores, four times the cost! I own a openrd platform, which isn't perhaps quite as up to date as the CuBox chipset, and it too has many of the features you mention. But it is not a fast system. Gigabit ethernet? Sure, but good luck getting anywhere near that speed. Similar for the e-Sata port. Oh, sure, I can get a 60 mbps samba share up on the thing, but that caps out it's cpu. The specifications for what it supports does not indicate what kind of performance it will have. The quad core Samsung processor will almost certainly dominate the Marvell unit's performance. Or maybe not: I don't have one. I've just been underwhelmed by what throughput Marvell has delivered me. There's some intent in Ouya to whore themselves out as some kind of developer platform, when all that is wanted, desired, or necessary is a solid stable reference Android platform for developing games on. Ouya seems to want to inject themselves as "something more," without making any statements about what is short about Android at large, aside from a lack of a passable GPU in the Google TV world. Sure, Openrd/sheevaplug/dreamplug/&all, the marvell series, run Debian with ease. Flatiron speaks to your calling malandrew: "No one agrees on frameworks. It's difficult to get consensus on how much or how little a framework should do. Flatiron's approach is to package simple to use yet full featured components and let developers subtract or add what they want" http://flatironjs.org/ , Philosophy I agree that the best thing about Node.js is how small, what tiny surface most modules have. Node, hopefully, can stay on this path so far away from the rest of the development world, can be a programming environment where people understand full stack how their application functions. I think not making frameworks or making them out of small modular systems is what it takes to make that win. I don't have a strict definition for library and framework, but I think the distinction comes down to more than just size. A framework is indeed "just a library," but when one is using a framework one is building on that framework, using that structure to construct some new thing. A library I see as something that is called into for some routine, it's a body of functionalities one can tap into. Your code is-a instance of your chosen framework, and it has-a series of calls out to libraries. Booing is a bit mean-spirited. I think the appropriate disruption is everyone saying "rabble rabble rabble rabble" together. I prefer someone keep rolling for sanity loss & resume the work on isolates! Web serving is OK & all, but I'd love if node could be an ideal runtime for petri-nets and webworker meshes too. I admire Vert.x for trying to bring deployability to the separate-non-shared-event-loop world (aka: where Node is): Vert.x has "verticles," which are instantiated multiple times but share no data. It's very similar to node's cluster execution, except Vert.x is a thorough answer to the deployment problem (going as so far as to bake in Hazelcast if you want to scale out from one multi-threaded process to multiple likely-cross-machine processes). Yet Node itself can not and should not solve the deployment problem: node is a javascript runtime, and contrary to earlier claims I'd declare not opinionated, not one to make this decision for us. The scaling out story is indeed not easy: even tasks like validating session credentials need to be mastered by the team (persist creds into a data-store, or use group communication/pubsub: building for Node is a lot like building for multi-machine Java). The level of DIY-it-ness here are indeed colossal. What I'd contrast against your view- and I agree with most of your premise, that node is extremely seductive and dangerous and many are apt to get in way way way over their head- is that the comforts you describe are what kill these other languages, what strange and prevent us from becoming better more understanding programmers. Ruby, python, php, less so perl, the webdev that goes on there happens by and large at extreme levels of abstraction: developers flock to the known explored center, the tools with the most, the places that seem safest. The dangerous dangerous scenario presented by most good web development tools is that it is the tools that know how to run things. Contrary to the charge into the breech throw up ad-hoc platforms in production every day mentality (of node), these (ruby, php, python) platforms stagnate, they fall to the ruin as their tooling strives towards ever reaching greater heights: the tools accrue more and more responsibility, there are better carved out & expected ways to do things, and incidental complexity, the scope of what must be known, how far one has to travel, to get from writing a page to it getting shipped over the wire or executing, balloons. If anything, Node's core lesson to the world has been about how much is not required. Connect, the only & extremely extremely low-lifed common denominator of Node web world, is the meager-est, tiniest smallest iota of a pluggable middleware system (if only Senchalabs had been courteous enough to be more up front about it being a complete and total rip off Commons-Chain & to not add a thing, I would not bloody loath it). That pattern? bool execute(Context context). Did you handle this request? No? Ok, next. You need to deploy a bunch of processes on a bunch of boxes? You an probably write up something perfectly adequate in a week. Don't have a week? Go find a module: certainly Substack has at least one for whatever your cause (here it's Fleet, https://github.com/substack/fleet ). Node modules are wonderful. They all have some varyingly long list of dependencies, usually the tree is 4-8 different things, but the total amount of code being executed from any given module is almost always short of a couple dozen KB: your engineering team can come in and understand anything in a day or three, and gut it and rebuild it in another day or two. Modules, unlike how development processes have shaped up in hte past decade, are wonderfully delightfully stand-alone: there are no frameworks, no crazy deployment systems, no bloody tooling one is writing to: it's just a couple of functions one can use. The surface area, what is shown, is tiny, is isolated, is understandable, there's no great deep mesh. This runs so contrary to the Drupal, to the Rails, to the Cakes or Faces of the world where one is not writing a language, they're at the eight degree of abstraction writing tools for a library that implements enhancements for a framework that is a piece of an ioc container that runs on a application server that runs on a web server that runs in a runtime that actually does something with the OS. We need to get more developers willing to charge into the breech and break out a gun fight. This stuff is not that complicated,* and the tools we have are hiding that fact from us more often than not. So, I admire and love approaches like Vert.x, that take the reactor pattern (what powers Node) and blow it up to the n-th degree, that solve deployment challenges, but at the same time I don't think there is a huge amount of magic there: most node developers have not advanced their runtimes to the level of parity that is called for yet, but this I do not see as a colossal problem. Node, shockingly, even when hideously under tooled, under supported, under op'ed, seems to stand up and not fall over in, in a vast amount of cases. Problems of the rich, good problems to have, when your node system is having worrisome performance problems: most projects will not scale this big, Node will just work, and hopefully you have enough actual genuine talent with enough big picture understanding wtc on your side to not be totally frozen out when your traffic goes up 10x in two days and no one anticipated it. Node is not a land for hand holding, and I don't think that's a bad thing: I think it'll help us listen better to our machines, to not follow our toolings lead into the breech, but to consider what it is we really actually are building for ourselves. I'd like you to offer your own suggestions for in-use next gen technology, in return for having read all the above. Whatever you have your world stage set with, your assumed knowledge about the state of play that you use to project forwards, is not commonly held. Get off the fucking soapbox and present a damned case, man. Tribler, http://www.tribler.org/ is, to my knowledge, nearly the only assemblage advancing p2p & which is in use at the current moment. It's half academic stomping ground, one quarter experiment, and one quarter earnest direct directed software, yet this loose assemblage of different interests is, as far as I know, the only ones doing anything like what you're talking about, making systems where for example even search can be done p2p. They call this 4G P2P: http://www.tribler.org/trac/wiki/4thGenerationP2P . > It takes all of 10 minutes to setup a site/tracker like Demonoid. "10 minutes" to set up the site and half a decade of fostering, seeding trust and a community of people who laboriously upload and seed content, and then five years of fighting ISPs, world politics and DDoS attacks to stay running. > my point is that the technologies for strong crypto and decentralization have already been established My point is that the technologies of your point are useless and irrelevant without means to create connections between people. Existing P2P and cryptoware hides stuff for all but the participating parties, but creating those groups of participation has, thusfar, always been the domain of centralized easy-to-take down services. The mold you set, of speaking of this oncoming future, waving your hand about "next gen," is a massive dis-service and harmful uninformed PR against the work that needs to be done. The change you hope is in the wind isn't going to be a part of the technical evolution and flow of progress, it's a deliberate technological revolution, making the fickle changing mesh of us all self assemble in a behaved fashion to permit us to shoot content queries to everyone on the planet in search of a copy of XYZ audiobook, and find the two people who have it. That requires huge amounts of caching of the libraries available content out there (so we don't actually have to go ask everyone ), or what Tribler calls their megacaches, which at this stage are far more local than global. So we have steps. BuddyCast3, the social overlay that underpins much of Tribler, gets some of the way there, but it's far far from a global search, and most of it's content is populated by existing trackers. Magnets, DHT, PEX, these were all invaluable core decentralization tools, but finding what it is you want, searching through whatever content is out there, is a huge problem which, unlike better lithography technology, no one has a roadmap for achieving, and saying otherwise builds a false sense of comfort that betrays the cause. Tribler is the only item mentioned that has P2P discovery, is the only one that is pushing decentralization to the last holdout preventing decentralized filesharing: trackers. The other options mentioned here, RetroShare and VPN's, are about saying, fuck it, we give up, doing public p2p filesharing is impossible, we'll do it oldschool warez IRC channel style and build darknets for those that care to and know how to chase this stuff down into the deeper webs we're tunneling. There's -absolutely nothing- little new or progressive or decentralized or P2P about these solutions: they were done adequately when in 2003 Justin Frankel/AOL release WASTE (which itself was not supremely novel, just well done & usable), and before that IRC and FTP. In other words, we still have no replacement for trackers (in the loose sense, given magnets), they make our p2p networks possible right now. Additionally there is a bup backend target for git-annex. Bup is targetted as a rsync-like backup service that can do incremental backups and ought work OK with large binary files. https://github.com/apenwarr/bup/ It was through Bup that I originally discovered git-annex. Great phones, on my second pair, but not open-workspace friendly. My last Samsung in ears sounded good but the cords kicked it in no time. Picked up two pairs of Sennheiser CX 495s as replacements. Good phones, seem more rugged, only wish I'd gotten phones with a mic too. Your initial reading is incorrect. Past 250,000/yr, you go back to the normal 2.75% rate; you remain eligible up to that point, and that point is not determined monthly but annually. Thanks, that's a very important gotcha in current payment systems. Most interesting thinking of ways to work within that seemingly draconian framework! I was going to say it looks like a Bussard IEC (Inertial Electrostatic Containment) with a VASIMR (Variable Specific Impulse Magnetoplasma Rocket) tacked on the back, but there's a dozen things about the IEC that they're talking that seem different, and they spent little enough time detailing the thruster that comparisons v.s. VASIMR are a little tricky. Lol, wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polywell http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VASIMR That in racing games the ideal line is the same for all car, much less for all suspension tuning, speaks to me of how utterly simplistic our models are for the best way to throw a car around the track. The ability to reliably max out your traction circle is good, very last microsecond braking wonderful, and computers are wonderful at this micro-task. But knowing when exceeding it is ok, having a feel for where you need to be, and more than anything the planning and knowledge to max out turn exit speed velocity at all costs, these are all awfully complicated & sophisticated problems that have less to do with micro-optimizing the immediate present. I certainly think cars will get there too. But I'd be surprised if we were really modelling the right problems at this stage. Emulating a person's sense of agency and purposefulness is, my guess would be, still a stretch. A person's ability to plan better is, my guess would be, trump enough over the micro-cheats of the machine. It'll be interesting to see the domains where AI surpasses humans quicker. You mention the "no longer has to be a car advantage," which certainly holds true in the military drone regime, but where will in evened parity computerized elegance shine through brightest first? I tend to think something like F1, which is about extremely sharp reactions with extremely capable vehicles will lend itself to the micro-optimizations of the virtual well. What about a GT Touring race, or a club car race? Wouldn't it be a shocker if AI ends up crushing humans blithely in a stock Miata, but throw it in a GT car and it remains only human in performance? Maybe AI responsiveness and terrain estimation ends up dominating the rally circuit before the track? Mapping the domains where AI does succeed the most handily ought give the most remarkable contrast. Where do the tracks come from for a tag? Getting some good punk tonight! Well, aside from a Minutemen track that was in there! ;p Definitely some design challenges ahead. Make +Artist infinite scroll, put it in the very upper left. Make +Genre into #Genre and put it one column right of that. Put all the playlist controls in the third column, New/Random and Shuffle/Loop. Cram the main header & social feeds right of that, include the Add Tracks in the lower part, and then the video in your fourth and last column. That's my suggestion at a first pass anyways. There are three different tools for adding songs, and knowing you need to click & do something with them is priority #1 for new people, and needs to be minimal. The big search box doesn't help, as it takes to much brain power to see something happen. The +Artist and #Genre columns top left are to try to condense & make apparent their utility, stress the need to do one of them asap. Search is more advanced, people seeking shall find. Great functionality! Love it. What's it coded in? Would be happy to rejigger your front end code for the above. Lambasting libtool for providing a consistent experience across star-NIX is, imo, not the wisest move for a FreeBSDer. Article: This is a horribly bad idea, already much criticized back in the 1980s when it appeared, as it allows source code to pretend to be portable behind the veneer of the configure script, rather than actually having the quality of portability to begin with. It is a travesty that the configure idea survived. Good high-minded notions here. But configure, with it's standardized parameters for how to do stuff, is near irreplaceable at this point. Certainly a more stripped down version, one not built on M4, would be wise, but libtool/autoconf itself is used too broadly & with trepid familiarity by developers & upstream maintainers: in spite of so much of it being indeed old deprecated no longer useful cruft, the best we can hope for is duplicating a wide amount of the existing functionality in a cleaner manner. But at what cost would reimplementation come? How many weird build targets would for months or years go unnoticedly broken? The place where we escape these painful histories is where we leaving the old systems programming languages behind. Node's npm I'd call out as a shining beacon of sanity, enabled by the best most popular code distribution format ever conceived: source distribution, coupled with a well defined not-completely-totally-batshit algorithm for looking for said sources when a program runs & at runtimes goes off to find it's dependencies: http://nodejs.org/docs/latest/api/modules.html#modules_all_t... 3TB is a huge archive. I'm also not sure about your maths, billable peak hourly chiefly. [ed: dot multiplier for formatting] Let's run 100GB, X. Allowance limit: 100GB . 5% is 5GB/mo, or per day, 100GB/(20 30), 0.166GB/day; X/600. Hourly rate necessary for a sustained 24 hour cycle of 100GB is: 100GB/24hr, or 4.166GB/hr, X/24. Peak hourly, this. To determine the amount of data you get for free, we look at the amount of data retrieved during your peak day and calculate the percentage of data that was retrieved during your peak hour. We then multiply that percentage by your free daily allowance.* To begin all that's stated here is, break your data-retrieval out over a day. Their example: you retrieved 24 gigabytes during the day and 1 gigabyte at the peak hour, which is 1/24 or ~4% of your data during your peak hour. We're doing 4.166GB in the peak hour/100GB in the peak hour, or ~4%. X/24 / X = 1/24 = ~4.1666666% if you don't fuck your meteringly up. We multiply 4% by your daily free allowance, which is 20.5 gigabytes each day. This equals 0.82 gigabytes [ed: free allowance hourly]. We then subtract your free allowance from your peak usage to determine your billable peak. Free allowance hourly rate: 4.16666% . 0.166 = 0.006666, or (X/600/24), X/15000. A is at (12 . 1024)/15000, or indeed 0.8192 free, to verify. billable peak hourly is then: hourly peak rate - free rate, 4.1666 - 0.00666 = 4.160, or (X/24) - (X/600/24) or (X-(X/600))/24 or (599X/600)/24 or simply, billable peak hourly will always be for sufficiently non-incompetent implementations: ~0.0415972222X. Always. Let's check: 100GB . 0.041597 = 4.15970. Cannot compare to amazon, because their hourly rate is calculating a 24GB of 12TB archive download, but, 1-0.8192 still checks out. It would be 511.14666666 if their entire set, or (12 . 1024)/24 - 0.8192, 511.1808GB/hr peak hourly (nice pipes kids). Retrieval fee is then, 0.041597X . 720 . tier pricing, and tier pricing I really do not understand the origin of at all but all examples seem to be 0.01. So, $29.95/100GB. For 12TB, say hello to $3680.25599 transfer fee. 3TB is $920.064. 720 . (599X/600) /24 /100, so for the transfer of your entire set X GB of data, evenly done across the day, you will be charged: (599X/600).(3/10)$, 0.2995$/GB to pull data out in a day. I wasn't holding my breath, but I was thinking there's a possibility they were using short-stroking to speed up most of their systems hard drives by making a quarantined barely touched Glacier zone in the inside of their drives: https://plus.google.com/113218107235105855584/posts/Lck3MX2G... My backup wouldn't it be cool if is, unlike the above reasonableness, a joke: imagining 108 USB hard drives chained to a poor PandaBoard ES, running a fistful at a time: https://plus.google.com/113218107235105855584/posts/BJUJUVBh... The Marvell ARM chipsets at least have SATA built in, but I'm not sure if you can keep chaining out port expanders ad-infinitum the same way you can USB. ;) Thanks so much for your words. I'm nearly certain the custom logic boards you mention are done with far more vision, panache, and big-scale bottom line foresight than these ideas, even some CPLD multiplexers hotswapping drives would be a sizable power win over SATA port expanders and USB hubs. Check out the port expanders on OpenCompute Vault 1.0, and their burly aluminium heat sinks: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151285070574606... A possible alternative to Glacier+product X (you mention Arq) could perhaps be Git-Annex, recently mentioned as it's Kickstarting a friendly UI component: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4385886 http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/joeyh/git-annex-assistan... Already has Amazon support: http://git-annex.branchable.com/tips/using_Amazon_S3/ Very friendly with very large files! I was quipping that I don't wish to see FreeBSD drift any further away from what unification there is. My fear is that the awful hack-on-hack-ad-infinitum we do have at least binds us together, even if it is in misery. I'm not at all uncomfortable with replacing libtool, and I'm certain a very good job could be made. But I can hear 18 m68k afficianados crying out in pain that the new toolchain doesn't work on their NetBSD system, or the guy who wrote his own C compiler that needs some extra rules feeling totally shafted because now he was to write M4 and "M5," which for some reason he cannot stand any more than M4 even thought it looks nothing alike. We stand unified. Not by good things. But by the woe we all suffer. To those out there seeking to crush that & make better, I wish you the best! Please keep in mind a simple mantra as you go about inventing the future, do no harm. Libtool maybe awful but it's how distributions are made. phkamp, sorry for missing the reply. M4 is ugly, libtool takes forever, everything in it is a hack. It's proven to be an at least adequately flexible hack that has kept *nix unified, more or less. I respect that, but I'm not a systems programmer that gets burned by it on a regular basis either, and I don't mind that my OpenWRT compiles of all packages take 32 hours and it's all libtool's fault. And yet they support a max of 100 vaults per account, so some roll behind recompaction of incrementals is still necessary. I do OK with macros which use registers: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8120486/how-to-provide-pa... This is, foremost, not at all too good to be true. The Mele A1000 http://rhombus-tech.net/allwinner_a10/hacking_the_mele_a1000... is $70, a mere $20 more: it's 2x the board real-estate, another $4 in connectors, it has a case, and it's been around for ~1 year now. What's interesting is how lagged the development world is from the consumer electronics world. If you want an Allwinner A10, or a Marvell Kirkwood/ ARMADA 300 piece of kit, and you want it at the best possible price, possibly before dev kits show up, you need to scope out consumer electronics, not dev boards. The Mele was a product, this lack's the consumer experience of a product, is just a platform, and it, like many dev kits, show lag v.s. what the consumer boys are up to. This is simply a small board exposing a very cheap ARM A8 SoC that does everything (just add ram+flash): hold on to your fucking pants and get used to the future. Course, may not materialize. My OpenPandora hasn't. ;) I thank you, in the same way I thank Ubuntu for existing: Someone needs to draw away the popular attention from those with the will to get stuff done. If I can re-furl my barbs & continue, if the Cubieboard were taking orders right now it would be a shit show of people coming in from Engadget and HN and all over buying these things up then being extremely aggravated they A) don't just work B) require some fairly serious willingness to chase out the good information on uboot, the sunxi platform, & to get your OS installed: there's not much in the way of authoritative, well compiled references for doing so. I was pretty shocked seeing this board on Engadget today. There've been a steady stream of similar-ish boards, such as the $60 Hackberry, also A10 based, which too is still in "prerelease" form. Supposedly Yeomen is supposed to drop soon, which- I'm just guessing- is a bunch of inits and tasks built on Grunt to accomplish more. Yeomen is out of Google. Dev hardware, *board, is for suckers: cheap hardware now a days is consumer gear. Recap: X220 idling: 8.5W. iPad's max 5W. Agreed about one thing, Intel is finally starting to care about power efficiency. The CPUs have been solid since the Pentium M days, but the chipsets feel more neglected. Oh, wimax, that's unfortunate: I was hoping it was piggybacking some LTE or HSDPA network. This is no longer nearly as interesting. That said, this being a pay-per-use device is awesome, and it being useful to anyone nearby is doubly awesome. $15/GB is a way better pay-per-use price than anyone else out there. Walmart TruConnect, for example, is a 3G only device that is $45/GB. Real pay per use encourages us to be thrifty with out bandwidth, to connect to wifi, and to not worry about a silly over-utilization feees (going over) or silly under-utilization (per month plans far in excess of actual usage). I highly look forward to this less stressful pay-per-use data economy taking root. DebTorrent was to be a set of BitTorrent extensions to allow the Debian archive to be syndicated as one ever-growing torrent. Seems similar to the use case here, and free from the problem we have now which is the huge indexes getting hit by takedown notices. http://wiki.debian.org/DebTorrent Super interested to see whether they attempt to support DirectX games or no! The effort you spend denouncing them- 116 words v.s. less than 160 characters total in theirs- makes you look like a tosser. Their actions weren't advisable by any measure, but you've certainly demonstrated a willingness to make up your mind about them, based off a number of extremely extremely short pithy statements. Dial down your indignation, friend: help us get rid of this reek. Steven and Corey have both more or less begged off from even trying to say what they mean- they have simply apologized for introducing volatility, for hurting feelings. I find it outrageously presumptuous to take such short, pithy tweets, and to claim they were made with malice, intending to antagonize, or were in fact bullying. The fact is Nodeites are renowned for rehashing the entrenched. It also, gasp, has callbacks. These people weren't gentle in pointing out a capital example of just these two things. I don't think that makes them bullies or bad people, nor do I guess they even considered the human behind the works nor hardly the work itself: my _guess,_ and indeed, everyone is guessing here, is that they were making a crack on the idea of replacer, as justly emblematic of what Node is renowned for. And although I think one would be a fool to become so polarized in view as these people showed themselves to be, I would much rather we have open channels where such conduct is permitted, where we can be a little low brow, boorish or lively, and express our ruffian selves: I'd rather have a wildness. I prefer tolerance and resilience. I loath the intolerance that says we must sterilize and purify and be of good behavior, must watch ourselves constantly. Harthur talks about feeling like her identity has been injured, wounded forever. Yet here we are condemning and slining insults, armed with the zeal she has given us. Here we are, enacting new moral codes, legislating terms where nothing but support and good manners towards one another will be accepted. She felt that she had not been tolerated, not encouraged, yet the response is to mandate intolerance of another behavior, yes a boorish one, but regardless, just another tripline for ourselves to unintentionally trip over. Let's instead seek discourse- which she did- and failing that, tolerance. Let's not go troll hunting, lest we lay too onerous a minefield for any man to hazard. A girl got caught in the crossfire of polarized communities. She cried. Everyone felt bad, many got indignant and decried other people and other communities for their action or contact with the affair. The internet got more uptight about itself. That, to me, is the absolute losingest situation imaginable, and I'd handily pass out yellow cards to 80% of this topic as contributors towards winding ourselves up, of taking ourselves too seriously, of ascribing way too much levity to an event that was tiny in size, and which we have not been given a codex to understand- it remains a context free situation, one we merely make projections about, without knowing what the real intent was, we just know people tweeted, for whatever reason, because something struck them, and they created, made and shared new content about their experiences. They shared. I don't understand, they haven't explained, I don't think I'd like it even if they did explain it better, but these were people keeping themselves amused, first and foremost. That that would be subject to so much scrutiny, the cause of injury, is itself the most tragic here. We need to be tolerant, and find good, not focus on censoring bad or fretting about our identities, as first Heather did, and now the three authors are likely doing. Sorry for labeling your writing as tosser like, not cool of me. I feel like ascribing intent to what happened is an impossibility, and even with bad intent I'm still very uneasy with censoring, with mandatory good behavior. I beg for de-escalation. So you ascribe personal, leveled, directed malevolence directly against Heather Arthur and her replacer library to their actions? You don't think it had anything to do with just doing it for kicks, anything to do with how people see Node? If I weren't crying so hard right now I'd think about clapping. Too soon. What are you, a little neckbearded basement dweller? There's probably little ten year olds girls ballerinas that could kick your wimpy ass. Just, heads up, it was a girl that got wrecked on, and your comment is offensively sexist and, disregarding the situation, just generally inappropriately so. I hope Node can keep it's frontier attitude up. Rails and Rake have been very homogenizing boring exercises in top-down fascism. So much of Node's spirit is in tiny modules, in the freedom and ability to hack up and try new things, to always be inventing: it's cost to create are low, the assumed body of knowledge one has to bring into a new project are tiny, the conventions are borderline non existent, and that's all a huge boon for staving off fascist boring mundane dead-end consensus. Keep iterating, stave off the little death, don't become your entrenched patterns. please email tarballs to rektide+anongit@voodoowarez.com if you have code you have no aspirations for but wouldn't mind kicking out into the wild. i will eliminate author headers from the code and seed over p2p and make available. thank you for any sympathy you might have towards this request to let us syndicate your work. a wire protocol for named context patches: you'd do better not writing your own wire serialization format, and instead adopting an existing transport: websockets, stomp, and MQTT all strike me as sufficiently stupid simple & end to end enough, or anything from thrift to zmq to flume for transport would be slightly more inter-linkable than your "length/json-payload" ad-hocracy. it's JS but you might enjoy node-webworker, which uses websockets to implement inter-Node.js message passing: your specific case is debugger being an outbound messaging port, emitting context programmatically. The article immediately dives into what promises actually are, and you've done excellently at summarizing possible benefits from the examples listed. I would advise most strongly against this exercise in extrapolation: it is not a productive tasks to introduce a new technology via use cases without establishing some grounds for what the technology's role is. You've attempted to define, after reading, what that role is, and that to me bespeaks a horrible exercise that will draw bad results, and it speaks to a poor likely fruitless introduction for people who don't already know. The net is this: a promise is a value you have, can pass around, can chain more promisary stages of computation on to, or combine with other promises that describes something of the future. You have a symbol for the future that you can continue to operate on. That is the value of promises: it's just an object. There are no other JS constructs we have for a first-class future: the promise is the sum of taking as much away from asynchronous as we can, for boiling the asynchronous future down into a mundane, primitive value. It's surpassing notability is that a promise is just an object, unlike everything else we have for reasoning about the future. In callback style, one has to know ahead of time what one is doing in the future and have a function fully specified to deal with that. I see promises are fairly close to event style programming using only .once handlers, but the libraries for promises also focus on tasks like combining promises (Q.all, Q.allResolved) and there is chainability and error handling inbuilt: these sum to making Promises far easier to use in practice than I have events. There's an extreme amount of magic going under the hood when you do this- from http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/vstudio/hh156528.asp... : | "An await expression does not block the thread on which it is executing. Instead, it causes the compiler to sign up the rest of the async method as a continuation on the awaited task. Control then returns to the caller of the async method. When the task completes, it invokes its continuation, and execution of the async method resumes where it left off." The implementation detail is that your caller's state needs to somehow be re-asserted when the asynchronous wait finishes evaluating- anyone mildly versed in computer hardware knows that to, in most situations (some green threading environments aside) be a very onerous scary intensive thing, speak nothing of the tasks of capturing and storing the continuation, which likely is fairly deep in a call stack somewhere. It's great magic, it's certainly putting a lot of magic programmers like to use at their fingertips. But be advised that it is somewhat scary, handing out magic wands like candy to newcomers and telling them it's OK and good. Your casual ambivalence for #1 makes me think you don't appreciate the greatest value of promises: that they are values, objects. Returning control to the caller is half the story. Along with returning control- which indeed is what is happening, no illusion, if the promise is triggering a non-blocking routine- the promise itself is returned: that object is what makes promises great. We have no other object for an execution or process in JavaScript: a promise, the value it returns, is an object. Objects can be used and talked about inside JS. If there is no object, there's nothing to compute about. A promise is a first class execution that we can compute about. Indenting is a symptom of having to write code structurally, having to tightly couple call side with it's handler. Promises break that structural linkage: we have the only thing in JS that matters, an object, a first class plain old object, that we can reason with and perform operations on as if it were any other object. It happens to be an object about a future which will one day resolve, but it's just an object. And because it's an object that can, after it's inception, have handlers added to it, we break the necessary structural linkage that callbacks mandate: we can make callbacks latter, we can condition what callbacks to attach, we can compose or chain more promises after our first promise and put our handler on that... we have a first class thing to work with, not just a function, which expects a fully-readied handler. It defers the need to define handling. Read more of my comments to get a better sense of why A) I adore promises B) I feel this article is injurous to the case for promises. Promises make a handy wrapper for any kind of value-in-the-future, be that the mundane case of invoking non-blocking functions with callbacks, in the case of getting values from remote remote systems ( https://github.com/kriskowal/q-connection ), and, I dare say, if we had coroutines, they'd make a great first-class object for pulling result values out of them too. A promise is agnostic to your concern. Thanks for writing. I'd fallen out of the .NET world before Async/Await arrived, but were someone to put some under-the-hood-monkeying around-with-it docs under my nose, I'd love to brush up. I seem to have osmosed that there is some compiler transforming going on, but I've not been exposed to ways to monkey around, did not know there was more than a use-only black box: would be lovely to get an engine-bay tour. Have you any recommendations? These two points seem to tack closely to the original article. They're certainly important characteristics about promises, but the fact that the promise is an object for the future, and can be composed and their exception handling can be composed, speaks to me of greatness. These things you mention are technical bullet points emphasizing components of that greater greatness. Ansible has various connection modes between the client and the server. SSH is the default, but the stock release also including a "fireball" transport that uses a ZeroMQ daemon to dispatch incoming command requests. I for one have no reason why randomdrake is requesting such extensive pedantry: I thought your API does a wonderful job of speaking for itself, and adding more ceremony to talk about it would only have gotten in my way. Edit: I totally see the value of the "hack it out yourself" flow he discusses though, and agree that making people do it themselves would be a more likely to be useful learning experience. Systemd has socket activation, where it opens sockets and passes them to applications. But the maintainers seem to have sub-zero interest in passing said listening sockets to multiple applications, which I'm sorry to see not be available. I'm thankful for this article, because it discusses Supervisord and Circus's willingness to do some pooled program handling. From the article: And that was Turntable’s fatal flaw ... the additional effort involved in using the service. HAHA. Um, no. I use it while biking, while driving. You can join a channel and leave it at that. Turntable isn't going anywhere because the social network designed to support it, the DJ's that were supposed to be showing up, injecting new life, have failed to deliver what was needed: interesting music selections that met diverse genre tastes. Which, from an entirely different much larger societal dimension does fit with nirandfar's synopsis: it wasn't that individual users were overtaxed, it's that the service relies on it's social network to be keeping it fresh, yet the service was unable to promote sufficient diversity and to keep injecting different and better enough tunes to keep people coming back. I'm largely back to smaller shoutcast stations these days, but I probably do a day and a half a week on average of Turntable.fm listening. The DJ'ing, imo, has gotten fairly routine, tends to hug some staple pop favorites, which can sometimes be mitigated with judicious channel flipping, and some times just feels terminal. Skrillex is more like a ghost that hangs around keeping the corpse shambling. That said, serving well a pop music base is probably what drove away the cultured, eclectic sound seekers. There ain't much for nuance in the top channel listings. That that said, the long tail still sometimes has some amazing yet small rooms, for those who don't mind the exploratory deep diving. p.s. come disrupt our business: with nearly no hardware, no costs, and no maintence burden you too can pass OMG huge amounts of message traffic. this is one bold as fuck post. I'm very sympathetic to your tech-on-tech-on-tech-on-tech hogwashery promulgated by open sourcers & vendors prosteltyzing their wonderful solutions and the other acculturation factors that permits developers approaches other than trying & seeing & exploring- That said, you are wrong. I'm not a Go user and I don't care for it, but Go is fundamentally different and better than most runtimes. Go has it's own green threading, which allows it to start new tasks using extremely small amounts of memory, and it can switch between tasks without the normal cost of context switching full on threads. That is a huge difference. Node has some elements in play here, with it's event loop and callbacks, but really the only thing in the field that compares to Go that's in use is Erlang, and there's no frameworking on top of Erlang that wouldn't cause most PHP or nine tenths the Python developers to curl into a weeping ball at the Eldritch horrors they'd been exposed to: even ASM code is not nearly so effective, being clearly a low level somewhat harmless thing. Being able to kick off small processes, that can sit around for a really long time, awaiting data- that's a model of computation we haven't done in decades, never with the mass popularity- there's a TLA for this kind of processing- Communication Sequential Processes, and Go is it. It's entirely different from the procedural model, from the Python and Perl and PHP scripting, where concurrency is a carefully waded into thing- Go is a concurrent first runtime, about ongoing, enduring, concurrent processes, and that's huge, HUGE I say, huge. One could adopt some kind of event-based system in scala or clojure, but Erlang and Go are alike in being the lone runtimes where running millions and millions of very small messaging processes is AOK no problem for the runtime, and not something one has to work really hard for. Fun and joy are terms applicable here because the alternative is Erlang. Zing! Go is rather ideal for these guys use case: if it wasn't an easy win, given what a snug fit their use case is, there would've had to have been red flags abound, as this really is a nearly idealized work load for Go's use: a hell of a lot of processes which sit around doing nothing, where one occasionally gets a message and forwards it along. Perfect Go story, as Go's lightweight processes (goroutines) are ideal for this kind of Communicating Sequential Processes routing workload. I agree with the analysis here. I find usually getting more afraid, more terrorized by how crappy oneself is, looking at the prospect of never doing anything and facing absolute oblivion is the ticket to buckling under and furiously kicking out the next couple blocks of work. Then one gets complacent enough to go back to arm chair coaching and prognosticating and futzing about thinking about rather than doing the future and the cycle starts over again. 50m msg/s is super happy making times, I agree. I'd love some absurd number counting on Go's front, but Go is entirely not a word which one can get anything useful out of from Google, so fuck whomever picked that awful name & cursed their language to being unindexed in any useful way. What happened to great names like Newsqueak? :/ Anyways! I do have a couple things to point out: First: "JVM settings: -server -XX:+UseNUMA -XX:+UseCondCardMark -XX:-UseBiasedLocking -Xms1024M -Xmx2048M -Xss1M -XX:MaxPermSize=128m -XX:+UseParallelGC" Second: "The test was run with 96 actors" I am massively a fan of actors, I hound for good interesting Akka use cases being talked about. I'd also suggest digging into Kilim if one really wants to go batshit crazy in JVM world. But Akka actors are not alike what Go does- Akka went crazy fast at tossing messages around with a 2:1 oversubscription of Actors:Cores (50m msg/s was on a 48 core machine, with 96 actors), but this is a highly qualified situation- first it was done with some very well chosen black magic command line spices, and second, more importantly, it was done with a very limited number of actors, something short of the millions of tens of millions Go or Erlang might be ok with while still being stupidly fantastically high-message rate. I don't have any idea about Goroutines, but in Erlang the time sharing is mad- lightweight processes can be interrupted all over the place, allowing messages to flow in extremely robust & reliable fashions even when all the millions of processes on the system are going ape demanding CPU right now. I have great respect for the JVM actor crew, for Akka, but read the post mentioned by & preceding the one you linked to- Akka tapped Java concurrency supreme guru Doug Lea to come in and build them an executor engine to make Akka run fast, real fast. And it does, phenomenally well, and you can reap that too, with nearly no real thinking about it cost- but if your parameters deviate too heavily, if you happen outside the bounds of this carefully set up JVM environment, who knows. What happens to your message rate when you start trying to use CPU too? What happens to the message rate when you have a million actors? Erlang, and so I've been told about Go, is, by nature, AOK with keeping millions upon millions of lightweight processes floating about passing each other messages over channels, and is not some masterfully reworked engine (the JVM) when running in those kinds of configurations. That said, although Erlang & Go are the natively friendly to having massively concurrent systems and I still charge the JVM as not being up front designed for it, it's clearly capable. At scale it's not how fast or how good your runtime is- once you are in the runnings. For most people Akka will work great. If we were to say there's a 30% difference in msgs/s between Java and Go for X situation, if your company is make or break on that difference, your product is broke. Fix it. Learn how to scale out. Find what your development sweet spot is, what makes your workers happiest- be it Akka or Go or Kilim or Erlang or managing your own Node scale out- and dev to that. The runtime is drastially less relevant than how you get many runtimes working together to tackle the problem. And Akka here has some great answers, as does Erlang. Go, otoh, I haven't heard anything interesting out of. Node has some interesting stories, available options, but it's far from ready-to-roll out and no one has open sourced anything that threatens to gain serious traction. It's how I feel, I'm so very very sorry it's tripped your acceptable tolerance levels. I'll bite my lip and not add "you prat" to the end. Thanks for your considered moderation, and I see your point. "Also, it doesnt have things like global interpreter locks." is basically the only thing you said that is anything alike what I'm asserting. And it demonstrates a knowledge of a thing I contrasted Go against, without demonstrating knowledge of what Go is & why it is different. Further let me add that I don't think "clear start/APIs/framework" captures the essence at all; there is something deeper than framing and end users here- there is something deep in the bowels that is using the machine dislike how all else do, and that is sorcery that is deeply important. Per your queueing, I'll toss in the Elixer chip- http://elixir-lang.org/ - it's a rather rote, boring, routine language that we all can be semi familiar with, with some aberrations carried over - pattern matched dispatch is still there, for example, making people wonder wtc. The web-page highlights it's advancements, it's "features," which is mildly amusing to me in that the biggest draw is that it's an Erlang that feels familiar to us Algol-derived unwashed/don't-know-anything-but hordes. Kind of as a foil to that normality, it's similarly remarkable to me that the Prolog asserted-messages/facts & reactive processing cycle of Erlang isn't itself better captured and shown off. It's kind of a middle stage introductory tutorial, after you've made it threw guarded dispatches, yet by itself I think it'd make a great "start with the hard stuff" intro-tutorial to Erlang, and I haven't really seen it presented independently, firstly. Are they also in Haskell as in Erlang pre-emptable by the runtime? There's certainly some cost in this design decision, more context that has to be swapped in and out and more state kept, but it's important capability to allow blind design & use- think Node, where everyone has to keep re-iterating how important it is to keep yielding to the event loop, to not do a lot of CPU work in a handler: irrelevant in Erlang world- in spite of the threading model not being OS threads, Erlang is happy to drop your lightweight thread on the fly when it sees fit. Hire more server huggers, make extra sure das-blinkenlights stay blinking, buying a second backup generator. And- obviously enough- off site redundancy; multiple data centers. Which they talk about the difficulty of: 10Gbps pipes between DCs is not a lot compared to write throughput of a single computer's main memory, much less a DC's. For some compressible checkpoint logs there might be a way forward. Perhaps we need a new *-cast technology: after any-cast we'll all be needing n-cast, which sends our traffic to the n-nearest DC's? :) From recent coverage of Open Compute on /.: RAM Sled: Facebook wants to replace the leaves and run it on a RAM sled with between 128 GB and 512 GB of memory, and for $500 to $700 per sled. Only a basic CPU would be needed. Total queries would be 450,000 to 1 million key queries per second. http://slashdot.org/topic/datacenter/how-facebook-will-power... Not really any way to know what Facebook is up to here: 512 GB is normally done via 4 sockets, 4 channels, 2 dimms per channel, 16GB dimms; whether FB intends on disrupting any of the factors in this equation for getting mass memory on a single system will be interesting to see. It has been rather shocking to me that FB-DIMMS & other approaches which allow a lot of RAM to be chained to one another- really deep channels- hasn't seen any widescale success. RAM is cheap enough: would that we could plug in a lot of it. Dare I call into question what you are here for? How do you feel about your contribution- attempting to heap more shame- plays for the whole audience? Is what you are doing of value? Go's standard lib is built around it's communications and concurrency primitives. Sure one can extend other languages with new capabilities to take them into Go's realm, but that implies a movement away from stock standard core, whereas Go users, at their core, share a common massively concurrent message passing beast of a runtime and a concurrency friendly standard library that they are all unified behind. One will never mobilize behind a concurrent library in the kind of ways doing it up front will accomplish. Go has a large community of practitioners all writing massively concurrent code. That is huge and has never been done before. But let's go look at patterning: look at Node: everything is hinged around re-using Node's core patterns, callbacks and every now and then slower events. There is promises work abound, but it's not used heavily: indeed it'd be hard to, with intermodule work, because A) it's not the standard lib B) nor are promises standardized. People seem to prefer something I loath- the horrible Async library- which gives them a bunch of composition tools to make worse the awful awful crime that is callbacks: because callbacks are what Node is, people pick up tools to do it more, to a further extreme, rather than going to the foundation & reshaping the landscape. (PS: Callbacks are A) awful B) actually & entirely the right decision.) I was reasonably seriously into Perl, but I don't know what perl CSP style library you seem to be alluding to that A) you seem to indicate people used & B) got on par with Go 10 years ago. But I'm interested to hear of it! "if you know CSP you can write it in any language" If you don't know CSP you still have no choice but to write it in Go: that the core unity I've been trying to describe, something the entire standard library is built around, like callbacks in Node. I don't see that you've added anything to your case for other languages in this recent reply: I think this excerpt captures well how your line of thought remains focused on what is possible, while ignoring my core arguments that it's all about the prime interface of the Turing machine before one, not what they set up for themselves on the machine. "In languages like JavaScript, Perl, Tcl, you can even make it look like it was already part of the language," And newcomers may be able to immitate/cargo-cult your styling blindly without straying too far off the gods-sworn path if they are really lucky! But rather than risk it, making a language CSP first would, IMO, be a clearer way to keep unity. I really don't care what can be done with a Turing complete machine: I care what use of that machine looks like to the important audience: it's practitioners, all of them, practiced and experienced, and those with other backgrounds and seeking only practical results. Go has created an entire language all of whose practitioners trade in CSP. I'm happy to de-rate from a language to a massively successful widely known active (let's say +30k active developers) shared and intercompatible practice of doing CSP (libraries or what not). Until I hear that challenged, my argument about Go being fundamentally different for having a runtime and standard lib based around CSP stands untouched, unless you have something specific there to contend. Seeing a Haskell project on github ( https://github.com/frio/ifrit ) that sounds similar under your handle- post the Elixir one! Would love to see some Elixir code in such great project area, whatever the state!! The cost of starting a high quality food truck ranges from approximately $50,000 to $150,000 or more, and the process takes several months. The biggest cost is the truck itself. Bobby’s family bought their truck used for $37,000. As the first wave is joined by a second, and now third wave of food trucks in my area- a fast two year growth- I am now super excited to see many of these businesses go under- with hopes that those trucks can then be picked up by the next crew who think they have a good idea. There's a lot of +100k$ trucks around, I'm looking to see a lot of them again- just, reincarnated as new businesses. frio is not op No one would call crayons and comic books bullshit, because they are artistic mediums where the expression can stand by itself, has the intrinsic value of being expressive. Yet in CS there are very smart people such as Alan Kay and the Constructivist types such as former-OLPC now-Sugar, all screaming about how we're learning brain-dead languages on machines doing their worst to make it impossible to become useful and literate without a ten year breaking in period until we become journeymen codesmiths. These machines & languages are not trying to help all of us become fluent about what it is that is running: they are there so that those who already know the language and the program can continue advancing it, until it's shippable, at which time it will execute: when we say learn to program, more often than not we mean learn to fit yourself in to that production cycle. I'm not trying to argue one way or another about the learning to code merits, but it's important not to think of coding as this completed worthwhile thing in the way we do it! OP is an example of systems research to allow us to create agency in systems: that is programming, coding of behaviors, and one who gets good at it has gained a coding literacy. Ditto for spreadsheet wizards! My point is that we are free to build entirely new forms of literacy both akin and unlike the programming languages we have now, and that the one's we have now are arbitrary. And, judging purely from the size of assumed knowledge passable programmers rely on, I'd contend, as do others, we'd do a lot better at making a literate society with different languages and forms, more tailored to introspection and mirroring their behaviors than towards producing a running application artifact: if we want people to learn systems, make the systems be more about being learnable and meddle-able than about being execution engines. It's our agency we need to see reflected, and IFTTT and OP are great examples of coding where seeing our agency at work at the end is far more of a direct path: it is radically different than how programming today works, in a good, different and fundamentally very important way. In leaving, I'll point to a perspective on these better machines: these are machines that build agency by way of using APIs of other machines. I'm convinced that machine to machine interface is the key to making programming not suck, not a drain for this planet, for those who would be composers of code. rektide's gentle suggestion- machine to machine systems interfacing is the way to beget human/machine interface. And newcomers may be able to immitate/cargo-cult your styling blindly without straying too far off the gods-sworn path if they are really lucky! I guess they should count themselves lucky if they know what an API is at all. C'mon this is a 101-level topic. You can't expect everyone to suddenly forget how to use an API (with or without native syntax) just because it's for concurrency... or do you? Taking perl as an example, they probably know how perl does file i/o. Yet if we're switching to a concurrent system, the entire practice they have of doing file i/o needs to be re-grokked. Your proposal, that learning an API is all it takes to master a form of concurrency, is a fucking joke sir. Concurrency is greater than proceduralism, it shapes the systems of code whereas writing code and hitting apis is a lower order operation: shaping code. As for Coro, it doesn't matter how many people use it, you can write the exact same things you would write in Go and it will work in the exact same way. It's not cargo-culting, it's writing CSP, which you still have to actually write CSP in Go if that's what you want, and it's perfectly possible not to. And how many CPAN modules can I download which I won't have to hand wrap in Coro? How many modules will expose coro based concurrency patterns? I don't know about you, but most of my work is not writing code: it's using code. You miss this essential fact again and again. What is possible is entirely not at all my interest here. I am interested in the practice of writing code. My sole contention against you is that the availability of libraries is irrelevant, an my basis for this point is that I agree with: The runtime distinction isn't very important either, [[snip]] Thank you for repeating what I said last time in a dumbed down way. I continue to agree we have Turing complete runtimes: we can do anything. Yes, the runtime distinction is largely unimportant (although performance, natch). Adoption is. Availability of code is. Having other practitioners is important. in fact when I hear "runtime" I ask "why not library?" Indeed, you've done it three times now! And every time you've gotten a response that agrees with your conjecture that it might be possible! So why are you still making this same uncontested assertion! So maybe you need to find something else to do, other than to re-describe how possible libraries make it to be Go-like or otherwise concurrent, because- with some niggling performance issues- there's been naught but agreement, and you've avoided clashing every time with my fundamental point that Go has a practicing community with some many thousands of libraries written for it, and the libraries you are talking about don't, and using your libraries will create a schizm between you and the other practioners of the parent language and the modules written for it, and Go users have no impedance when working with one another w/r/t their concurrent systems. Some things are impossible in libraries but CSP is not among them, so I'm still asking "why not a library?" FFS I ended my last post with a Turing equivalency argument that could not have been more explicit about agreeing with you. It's not about what is possible, unless you are a god and live forever and don't mind doing it all yourself. If that's in fact the case, fuck you, I'll see your ass at the fucking fields of Ragnarok. Now get off my lawn or start saying something you haven't that might be useful. The scheduler, probably the most interesting part, can always be implemented as a library. Yes, Turing completeness. Good and acceptable performant? Meh, maybe, often actually, sure. I really could care less: I think you are so very far off in the weeds trying to discuss this, as what can be done is the most irrelevant topic when dealing with Turing machines, aka programming languages. Can you say anything particular to Go's runtime that makes it so special? I can't think of a single thing. The scheduler itself is about as boring as it gets. Not that there's anything wrong with that—it's not a difficult subject after all. You are a masterful troll sir. The runtime itself is not novel. The important thing I highlighted from the beginning about Go is that its standard library is written for a distinct communications oriented set of concurrency primitivies, and thus all uses of the language flow from this reference library's standard, and that creates an interesting practicing community of people all using the same communications oriented concurrency constructs. Thanks for making me spell out the value again, I hope I'm clearer this time. As for the popularity contest goes, we might as well be talking about an iteration protocol. There are many different ones but you'd rarely notice it. The most commonly used ones are relatively less-than-great. You can always use a for-loop like you can always write a coroutine or time slicer in the worst case scenario. It works, and very well. ??? The other thing is CSP. Up to now, I wasn't worried about the concurrency model in particular, but now you're saying we can't use actors, agents, etc.—it must be CSP. That's BS. CSP is nice when you have to build it yourself, but it's not all there is and it's no easier to reason about than other good options. In fact I would mostly only chose it when I had to build it myself or support for something else wasn't available, which is understandably common. Really though, this sounds like a deceitful way to rule out Erlang and friends. Please cite where I went hardline and demanded CSP as the only acceptable communications/concurrency primitive I'll amend that such that your argument here is thoroughly unnecessary- I certainly don't see myself as opposing what you are saying, but you didn't actually tell me what the clash was that arose this contention- all you said was "The other thing is CSP. Up to now,"- and that doesn't actually inform me about what changed your mind, & made you think I was hardlining for any specific thing; so, I'm not sure how to clarify and reinforce my agreement with you, and my willingness to embrace any practioner's use of good solid helpful concurrency construct, be it of the communications variety (which I do myself enjoy, as concurrency in my artisan's mind is modeled as non-locality) or otherwise. It's like this- Concurrency is the root of all code construction, at a more meta- level than writing code. Layering it in with libraries is feasible, but you've already imposed some structure from the code, then you're adding on top of that structure an underlying structure, and that's... well... that's something Go avoided doing. File API + node.js filesystem shim + node-git. It's been a weekend project somewhere on my todo list for a year, and it'd work just fine as a impl, and requires naught but working some glue into the cracks between these already made pieces. That said, support away, would love to see Tim get this initiative kickstarted & see what solid work he kicks out. 0. is a solved problem: this Kickstarter is for a library, not an application. There are already native libraries for git, so go ahead and go crazy and get busy developing, via libgit2, egit, ngit, objective-git, or any of the others. You come off as tyrannically dogmatic without having any real use case- you're poo poo'ing a web platform without any expressed reason for wanting a native stuff aside from it being native. -1. (And, humor, the native stuff exists.) From the Coro intro docs- Using only ready, cede and schedule to synchronise threads is difficult, Coro supports a number of primitives to help synchronising threads in easier ways. Coro adds threading to Perl but falls short of being a concurrency practice- it's tooling for doing concurrency. Go establishes two fundamental primitives, goroutines and channels, and gets rid of old-worn notions of threads. This isn't a novel runtime, because it's been done- in Newsqueak, just to name one- but the entire platform built from the ground up to be mobilized around not giving you the tools to find your own concurrency solutions, but to have a deliberated answer to all concurrency problems, a masthead banner saying "THIS IS THE ANSWER" is the differentiation and novelness I'm ascribing to Go. That approach, over our discussion, I've come to realize is more characteristic of the standard library of Go than it is the runtime. That said, you're holding my feet awfully cruelly to the fire and I take issue with you using this newly gained outlook in such a mean-spirited and cruel fashion to stab at me. Talking with you is incredibly frustrating as you toss away my points with a single dismissing wave and do not cite material things; you pick tiny little fragments to quip at as springboards to launch into whatever you wanted to start talking anyways. As I said before, masterful trolling, it's very hard to hold a conversation with you. I'd beg of you to yield, because otherwise we might indeed find ourselves on the field of Ragnarok, at that end that never comes after all infinity. You also seem very ill informed about Coro- which you champion- Fortunately, the IO::AIO module on CPAN allows you to move these I/O calls into the background, letting you do useful work in the foreground So, no, _You do IO in the regular way and the scheduler is automatically invoked_ is a bullshit claim; this has all the weaknesses of Node.js's event loop, and the need to write small things that yield, or here in Coro world, cede, regularly. And if you use a CPAN module that does block, you are toast, making this fundamentally incompatible with everything else ever done in Perl in a very serious way. a simple module that implemented a specific form of first class continuations called Coroutines. These basically allow you to capture the current point execution and jump to another point is in no way a parallel to the runtime of Go because the stdlib of perl is not meant to operate in a non-blocking way, and Go is. That, I think, is safe to say. Please no offense, but I don't give a rat what your background is- is that relevant? I'd consider if so! This feels like an interrogration-first line of questioning, and I'm trying to help us work out what's going on, and help us find relevant facts to begin to justify your line of inquiry. How many kids learning to program on the X or Y website do you expect will miss the 0.3ms extra it took for the site's offline capable web-ide to work? What harm, what badness is there to doing this on the web, and why would you call out a JS implementation up front as negative? That's really it- I still don't see you having any legitimate grievance besides whatever insane use case you have in mind for yourself and yourself alone needing 4GB crazy town git repos (you, linux, and chrome may indeed have problems). I just don't think that kind of extreme performance concern is where every single project ought start- some other well known programmers and I know it's better to not worry too greatly about performance until you have the problem in the first place. Focus on what can be done first, what good can be created, and then refine that good; don't nip good in the bud because down the road it won't do Y: that's premature man, and not constructive. Can we agree that JS projects like Three.js provide a lot of value, have allowed a lot of cool things to get built that people might not otherwise have made, that at least as importantly many of people might not have seen? Are they slower? Maybe, yeah, probably. My suggested reading here is Steve Wittens, writing about WebGL- there's a niche served, and allow that niche to enrich itself was more or less the take away for me, even though dieties and demigods like @id_aa_carmack might not have immediate use- http://acko.net/blog/on-webgl/ Kinda felt like you ran in here and farted on our rainbows, to twist around your metaphor. The only concern you've stated is performance- let's pretend for a second that it's ok that you're calling it into question before we have any guestimates much less estimates for what performance is going to be- what's your estimate? For 98% of the projects on Git, do you think the performance of a JS git impl is going to be sufficiently fast as to not be problematic? Will it even be a noticeable factor, the speed, compared to cmd line git tools? If those users are happy and feel served, is that ok? Do you have concerns other than performance that I ought take into consideration when considering your expressed concern about this being a JavaScript library? Hi MP- https://github.com/christkv/node-git is the node-git I had in mind: it's a native (js native) impl modeled strongly after the Grit library used heavily by a little company called Github, and I believe it's in pretty OK state although my first hand experience hasn't made it past the touring stages. Sorry for the confusion! I knew Tim had a node-git as well, but I didn't know it relied on the binary or other native type stuff (such as a a library binding), so I didn't think the naming collision I let happen would cause any confusion. Is there anything else I'm missing in my equation? Oh you've used it! Well, I take back all the other points I said! And the documentation from Coro that I cited explaining how it works, how it requires different I/O patterns, and that it's just a GOTO that doesn't do anything about synchronous long running code problems one might have when trying to interface with the rest of Perl! You're message is read loud and clear, I get where you are coming from now! _it's just a GOTO that doesn't do anything about synchronous long running code problems_ _how do you think Go's concurrency actually works under the hood? It works the same way—and has the same problem you describe._ I think Go, in most uses, makes use of a thread pool to decouple it's green threads from the OS threads such that a single busy green thread does not seize up the rest of the runtime, and I think Go manages the assignment of green to OS threads in a way that is hands off for the programmer and by default. I also think one gets a runtime in Go where I/O is multiplexed on an event loop, such that most common syscalls a Perl program might make don't hold up execution, and are instead handled in a non-blocking way by default. Please let me know what else I can clarify so that we can find agreement. They could flip a switch tonight and tell you you've got 128 cores. That doesn't mean those cores are going to do you any good. Linode is the only VPS I've seen that gives a gross number of cores to everyone. Instead of allocating a cpu count correlated somewhere along side plan-tiering, they just give everyone a lot of CPUs (8), and then they use tiers to determine priority, who gets to actually use those cores. An entry level plan has 1/16th the CPU priority of a top tier user, and pays 1/16th as much and has 1/16th as much ram. If you're not RAM bound, for a somewhat loaded system you'll see slightly better than linear scaling (since you aren't paying as many context swaps) as you move up in tiers. I think it's a really bad policy to give entry level users scheduling on so many cores: their workloads will never stick on a local cache! Their jobs are going to be bouncing around the system getting evicted from everywhere and bouncing to the next place where they can trash it's cache next. This is a marketing gimmick, a "our number is higher" trick, played on people like you jedbblue! Some time in the past: the Pentium IV netburst core was going to hit 4GHz, then 5GHz. The mhz wars were on, mhz sold, they were what people saw, first and foremost, and it's more the fact that the insanely-deeply-pipelined core didn't even scale that scrapped the idea than people wizening up. I'm not sure if Linode's scheme here is as bad as all that, but it seems unnatural to me, and I certainly would not consider 8 cores to be a boon in this circumstance. Edit- this does change things a good bit! A quote from elsewhere in this thread I was not aware of- We limit the number of Linodes placed on each host machine. We also only place one plan type on each host. In the worst-case scenario, you're splitting CPU time evenly with your fellow Linoders, but are still able to use the full potential of the host if others are idle. This is a little different circumstance than what I'd guessed at above as you're not going to be outclassed by higher tiers, you just have to play with peers, and pay to have less of them. Just yesterday our workplace gained an interest in setting up Gitlab- can we still use our existing Gitolite install, or do we now have to migrate to Gitlab-shell? We've been extremely happy with gitolite, and I do not see us moving off of that software. Welp, there goes an obvious good thing we had high hopes would help enrich our infrastructure! Monday is going to be a very depressing day in the office for everyone: we're going to have to go to cgit or some such, and there'll probably be screaming and crying and whaling and self flagellation over that one. Ya'll should provide an easy to use configuration for using gitlab as a RO mirror of any arbitrary git repository. Hope you have a lot of great new things in the pipe that gitlab-shell is providing. If configuration was the problem, why not try and scrape gitolite's configuration directly and run gitlab from that? There's certainly another acceptable path- the one you took, creating your own repo server- but I have a hard time qualifying this- as this press release does- as a feature: it's a migration, a lateral jump: there's nothing new that happens, nothing better, it's just a different configuration routine to do what Gitlab and Gitosis. I wont be suckered by such suavity, but there's a lot of people who would be more enticed by "new super configurable way better than gitolite repo server" as a sales pitch that probably were happy enough running Gitlabs at it used to run that don't really see this as a feature, as they were already on top of it. When releasing features, put the featureful ones foremost. Gitolite- the old git repo for gitlab- is a cherished joy around here; we love it, it's both easy to use & has mad useful features. qa* users can commit to qa* branches? Sure, np. I have a hard time sympathizing with Gitolite being removed for it's complexity. GitLab switching to their own stuff to make their side of the equation easier, to make their software less complex to write and configure, otoh might be a thing. I'd just need nominated yesterday to start trying to install it alongside Gitolite! I wonder if they made a crack at being able to read and parse gitolite.conf files and use those configs to power gitlab? That would've been a happier path for me personally for smoothing out gitlab configuration hell, more so than writing a new repo server that we're not likely to qualify & then adopt, not when Gitolite is our living beating heart. Would that AngularJS be able to produce a sequence diagram of it's data-bindings in action! I wrote a little bit about how the RGB AngularJS fiddle is near enough to a complete tool to introduce a newbie to web development, aside from the fact that you cannot see what AngularJS is doing in action. My ask was for a tool like Bustle for DBus, which generates sequence diagrams, showing what happened. AngularJS & other data-bound systems ought also have this output! Bustle: http://www.willthompson.co.uk/bustle/ AngularJS tooling ask: https://plus.google.com/113218107235105855584/posts/YwKKVXAM... Great project thebramp. :) I know more people would would be content to manage ESX with ovftool or some homebrew solution w/ the soap api I for one am not content relying on someone else to manage all of our management tools. On that grounds, love hearing interesting news about OpenStack, CloudStack, Docker.io, or any project which releases open code purporting to helps us all to manage our many nodes, real and virtual. without usual userspace tools As for the unusual "without usual userspace tools" criteria you added, I literally have no idea what you are talking about. OpenStack is a bunch of code that runs in an OS, there's nothing nearly so magical or different about an OpenStack node as you imply. Do whatever you feel is best for your host nodes. I install Debian packages on the host and manage it with many of the same tools used to manage it's images. It looks very much like the same usual "just a boring usual Linux node" node I log in to. http://wiki.debian.org/OpenStack Ah, VMware is the problem, that is explains it. Parties that care muchly about fine performance margins apparently need to be using Xen or KVM or Illuminos then. I went with a somewhat more ready-made, native way of getting OpenStack- I installed my OS's packages of it. http://wiki.debian.org/OpenStack So, what, now you can virtualize while your virtualize? I thought the point of OpenStack was to be a way to manage VMs, isn't that also much of what Vagrant does? I'd tend to avoid mixing the streams & go for a single node management system rather than attempt two at once- were it me. But I also am not invested in Vagrant, which people are free to enjoy, so if they can happily run both VM managers at once, so be it. Cool, I guess. I would like some clarity on what exactly this hybrid achieves though- what is it's goal? thanks. my proposal was that perhaps there should be a script that can do much of the db configuration based off of what is in a gitolite.conf file. Only feature missing from pre 5.0 is an upgrade path, but that's an important one for us. I wish people would focus less on fast development and more on something that better maintainability 2 years down the road. Hoodie focuses on the data model, not the application logic or UI. If there's one thing I want to be consistent and maintainable and to have a really solid support stack under it- if there's one area I value maintainability and consistency- it's the data layer, which this very much attempts to provide a consistent development experience for. An app built with hoodie I could see as being maintainable- even as you gut the entire stack and drag your rails app to flask, or your php app to java, hoodie has defined only the kinds of objects and patterns of accessing them that you'll reuse in whatever your actual app stack is. Hoodie targets the data, which is the thing. Everything else? Who cares. Here's to maintainable data. Stop asking what existing things you can do with it, Ask away, I'll keep linking http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embarrassingly_parallel DisplayLink is a horror show these days. Their 1xxx chipset was embraced by Linux users and well supported, and it looked like the romance was going to continue- the website and announcement for the newer USB3.0 chipset declared Linux support. However DisplayLink now uses an encrypted signal and has shown nothing but contempt for Linux, declaring that they're not satisfied with the state of affairs and unwilling to do anything to bring support to Linux. Which is a shame, because DMA-PRIME was more or less invented explicitly for DisplayLink's sake, to allow these external displays to be backed by the primary video card and have it's buffers shipped over to the DisplayLink, and DisplayLink packed it's toys, sealed the documentation, and left the party. The USB3.0 product which was launched advertising Linux support has never materialized any support. http://displaylink.org/forum/showthread.php?t=1748&page=... If one is interested in attaching displays these days, I recommend RTFA, and using eDP, embedded displayport. It's built in to monitors, and it'll plug into the badass display protocol of today that nearly all GPU's expose, and often run through PHY's to convert into lesser protocols. Hopefully we see more use of the Aux channel in DisplayPort, for transporting USB or ethernet. And hopefully we see some display controllers for monitors coming out that support daisy chaining, so we can connect multiple displays to a single DisplayPort without a hub. AMD's been shipping even their basic mobile chipsets with ~4 eDP for a while. Alas, laptop manufacturers are all cheap bastards, and only bother bringing one maybe two of these links to external ports. Their discrete mobile GPUs and embedded GPUs still have all six eDP ports as found on their desktop kit. Would that someone step up with a laptop that brought 5 of them out the back! It's a niche feature, but a ragingly awesome niche feature. Imagine a beowulf cluster to... power them. PgOpenCL takes a different approach- instead of a Foreign Data Wrapper (FDW) that exposes tables, it's a language for writing postgres functions in, where the language is just opencl. http://www.slideshare.net/3dmashup/pgopencl Alas, Tim's been talking about this for two years now, and as far as we know he's the only one whose ever seen the code. No joke- Obama threatened a veto on privacy concerns and the senate punted on it- and yet: The government is dead serious about turning every sizable company on the internet into a part of a gross-national cybersecurity infrastrucutre maintainer, and they are not going to quit until the internet has been adequately leashed by the legislative hand. If corporations are people, this is definitely a violation of the 3rd amendment. Look it up, you probably haven't heard of it in the past couple hundred years or so. I have not heard a clear case made for where current laws fall short. The existing Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) has massive teeth that can be sunk into nearly anyone, and it's but one of many laws that can be used against someone. For example, the only reason adservers & their cookie tracking escape is because they fall short of the $5000 minimum damages established in law. One of the main CISPA focuses seems to be upon data-sharing initiatives. Yet I've heard very few examples of where cyber-law hasn't been effective & would have benefited from such federal oversight. The case has been poorly made, so I'm not sure why you're on about objections- objections are a thing that get made once someone has a case, and CISPA seems far more like something the government just wants to do than anything it's tried to justify. There have been several attempts of porting actors to the JVM. Quasar and Pulsar’s main contribution — from which many of their advantages stem — is true lightweight threads[1]. Lightweight threads provide many of the same benefits “regular”, OS threads do, namely a single, simple control flow and the ability to block and wait for some resource to become available while in the meantime allowing other threads to run on the CPU. Unlike regular threads, lightweight threads are not scheduled by the operating system so their context-switch is often faster, and they require far less system resources. As a result, a single machine can handle millions of them. http://blog.paralleluniverse.co/post/49445260575/quasar-puls... Excellent area to contribute to. In 2006-2008 there was Kilim, which uses some code-rewriting to accomplish similar greenthreading on the JVM to support an actor system with extremely lightweight lock-ree message massing. Kilim comfortably scales to handle hundreds of thousands of actors and messages on modest hardware. It is fast as well – task-switching is 1000x faster than Java threads and 60x faster than other lightweight tasking frameworks, and message-passing is 3x faster than Erlang (cur- rently the gold standard for concurrency-oriented programming). from https://github.com/kilim/kilim/raw/master/docs/kilim_ecoop08... Kilim: https://github.com/kilim/kilim Elsewhere in this discussion- Jetlang doesn't offer lightweight-threads. It uses an event-driven processing of messages (like Akka), so fibers can't block and you can't do selective receives. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5646097 Akka relies on operating system threads- when you block in Akka, you block in real life. I've already mentioned Kilim in this discussion- it's a JVM bytecode rewriting framework that implements lightweight greenthreaded & isolated actors. Perhaps their introductory text will be of value for highlighting the value of immutability & it's reciprocal side, isolated messaging- The “Actor” model, espoused by Erlang, Singularity and the Unix process+pipe model, offers an alternative: independent communicating sequential entities that share nothing and communicate by passing messages. Address-space isolation engenders several desirable properties: component- oriented testing, elimination of data races, unification of local and distributed programming models and better optimisation opportunities for compilers and garbage collectors. Finally, data-independence promotes failure-independence an exception in one actor cannot fatally affect another. https://github.com/kilim/kilim/raw/master/docs/kilim_ecoop08... I personally am not a fan of prohibiting people from doing things (blame Larry Wall, "first postmodern computer language"), and prefer making good tools available for those who do naturally seek immutability or purity or transferable ownership messages (Transferables in web messaging) or other optional ways of restricting themselves, but the actor model is pretty serious about isolation and Kilim is true to that perspective. His point about Kilim being a monolithic solution is well taken- getting all three of these right (from both the end-user perspective and transformational perspective) is hard! (i) ultra-lightweight, cooperatively-scheduled threads (actors), (ii) a message-passing frame- work (no shared memory, no locks) and (iii) isolation-aware messaging. There's a stackoverflow thread on continuation libraries for the JVM. There's some coverage of the unnamed coroutine library in in Quasar- http://stackoverflow.com/a/4687050/72070 Thanks for the note swannodette, I'd missed the reference. Ubicomp has been hating on disruption for over a decade. "HAL" describes something specific and has uniqueness to it- seriously dude, pick a name that's something short of "this is the internet," even if it is doing something core such as defining interlinked data in 21c. How's that, Interlinked Json, IJ? Relational Json? Seriously, pick something that's not going to muddy the highest level of namespace we swim in wycats. At least if you're going to dive into the transport layer, pick a capability that hasn't been added and then unceremoniously backed out- https://insouciant.org/tech/status-of-http-pipelining-in-chr... SPDY begins to offer some very appealing alternatives where when sending a document the transport can push all of the individual dependent documents. It really does fix things, begins pushing all the data at once, in a glorious resource-oriented fashion. That said, I would also enjoy a spec that does resource-description of subresources so we can send linked data around without having to have every piece of data be an endpoint. That said, the immediate follow on question arises- now that we're sending sub-resources, can we get the most important agent to understand and grok our sub-resources- can the browser follow our subresourcing and those subresources to their canonical URLs, and serve those subresources if it's seen them inside another document? There are two questions- first, is your spec good enough to enable that facility where addressing can be well known- here, in this Json Resource Description spec presented yes, via URI templates, very good- and second, does the browser bother to inspect the JSON it sees? No? Well, I'm not super bothered by this academic interest not being materialized, knowing at least in principle the specs make it possible. S-exps are "just" data structures, so that you are reading s-exps when you see other data-structures presented is no surprise. This is easy to identify: nearly all json is just atoms thought- very few json definitions encode any kind of machine-works or program-code. So, to put it another way: it amazes you how all Lisp looks like data structures. And hopefully I've helped let you know why you are so amazed here, thanks for reading. "decrying the anathema of" then, you oldschooler not-at-all-hipster you In this set up: I'm using Debian right now (to run Chrome), that's a mode. I'm using Xen right now (to run Debian), that's a mode. And yes, these are captive, modal systems. But from a UI point we have to take some strata as granted, as operating system level. Yes, perhaps Debian is a modal interface, whether it's hosting Xorg or Mir or Wayland or KMSCon or ssh sessions. But these are host environments for the proper interface, and so is gdm or slim or lightdm running my X session, and so is openbox or kde or gnome-shell or awesome running my wm, and so is chrome running my browser. These are all concatenative contexts providing strata for the application. They are modal systems, but notably every one of them exists to provide an amodal system for the host of services running underneath it. Amodality still has to derive functionality from some greater level, so the distinction I think your not encompassing is one of composition versus aggregation. In composition something owns and dictates the interface. In aggregation things contribute to available interface options. If I wanted to, I could have a media player running and control it via global hotkeys. If I wanted to, I could open multiple chrome windows. If I wanted to, I could open multiple tabs perhaps across multiple windows (Awesome powers activate). If I had multi-pointer-X and a good browser I could edit multiple text boxes. In contrast, when we talk about modal UI the discussion is around UI that captures the context. It locks out other modes of operations. Modal systems do not provide aggregate strata into sub-systems running under them, they lock out other sub-system from running. Amodal systems contribute capabilities to users. I'd like to find a way to loop back around and describe MDI as contextual without being modal (on the grounds that it's the same mode repeated), but I don't think I have sufficient argumentation to press that far ahead. I feel on firmer grounds taking issue with your characterization of what really is modal by standing on the aggregation versus composition point, and by highlighting the concatenative nature of the systems you describe. Having a Clean-Slate Identifiable Environment is well and good from a usage standpoint, but from a creation & maintainability standpoint any bucket of bits qualifies as an identifiable environment. The very purpose of most of these tools is to make state visible, to be able to see what has been poured in. That visibility contributes to extensibility, the ability to take that known configuration starting place and to be able to branch and create new configurations. If you have infrastructure in mind for how your CSIEs are constructed, I'm all ears, but I'm envisioning more sh scripts posted on the corporate wiki as your CSIE implementation. There's words written about "automatic configuration" in that link but I don't see any guidance or information on what those configuration tools are. The focus is certainly not on automatic configuration: the focus is on use and re-use of images, on taking images, doing something to them, and getting new images. The notion is deeply flawed to me: using an image as a precondition for making an image, over time, becomes an intractable mess and requires very careful supporting documentation to prevent the scheme from devolving into a bunch of "buckets of bits" with no transparency into what work has gone on to make it that way. The #1 thing that I enjoy about automated tooling is that I can take a bare OS and spin up a complete new system in a matter of minutes, and I get to watch that entire process happen before my eyes. There's no mystery, no external dependencies, no existing work I'm riding off of: everything that happens is visible to me in an immediate way. There's a value & use to immutable images, but please decouple your image making from past images made: no one wants to root around to figure out what twelve horrible things you did to install Java 9 image instances back whenever, nor are they going to have any fun reproducing it on the twenty nine active variants of that ancestor image when there's a security fix to be done. I'd love some kind of posting on FTL: on why it was introduced, what constraints it has, what it enables Superconductor to do that couldn't be done with a general purpose language. Did you give any thought to trying to intake JavaScript itself as the target language? Civics class never taught me about "unlimited power," so I'm having a little bit of difficulty getting spun up with the premise. The conclusion though doesn't share my outlook. The actual activities are not interesting to me. What is interesting to me is insuring ongoing changing activity and new things being tried. Libertarianism fails as badly as most government fails in this regard, permitting the accrual of power by corporate bodies with, like government, interest vested chiefly in their own self propogation. The role that is unspoken, not what government is, but what I want it to be: to insure no one keeps others from trying actions to better themselves. It's not about actions, about information in acting, it's about being empowered to be able to act, to try things. I see this as a macroscopic look, whereas I see your concerns with decision making, the libertarian/government question, as microscopic, focused on only one particular thing at a time. If you have more than 100 hours of Crusader Kings 2, you know historical reality better than most history majors. Sure one may know history, but do you know the principles of interconnectedness that drove history onwards? There's nothing like sitting down with a wide set of empirical data for being able to deeply get the genuine causalities. Anything else just doesn't cut it, which is why virtual simulation and general modeling- Engelbart's dream- still speaks such promise to so many techies. Your focus on the benefit of experience is almost exclusively technical in concern- I think that is the not the primary classifier or motivator. The technically adventurous are usually right, usually have what most could find ways to agree is technically a better plan, or has elements of it (elements that could stand to improve the technical nature of the product). But technical superiority rarely has returns. And usually, for most companies, the returns aren't good, not good at all, and those tiny returns are not transferred to the pocketbooks of the workforce that can either hammer out the same old shift as everyone else, or who can go adventuring on genuinely good stuff that genuinely will operate far better. Good stuff, but which will ask much more of the workforce. The thing with experienced people is, they're done making new experiences. And the thing with businesses is, they don't know how or haven't found grounds to promote exploration of advantageous technical work. This is an industry of get it done, make it work, and finesse and excellence are mired to fuck like every other industry everywhere and not a one of us has any idea how to unobstruct good work, nor do we have a workforce responsive to the call to action even when the possibility is striking them in the face. There are definitely cases where the green-horns get uppity, absolutely a fact diving in beyond what they can back up in a discussion or technical proving. But classist discontent from those wanting to shake things up, finding a system of work where even those with marginal enthusiasm can participate in a high stakes game without being compelled to shit up the rest of their lives- that's far closer to the root, and it's disgraceful to me that we'd just pick on the enthused widely-read young ones as unexperienced and needing to be curbed, when usually in the work place there's not even a forum for that curbing to happen- the greenhorns are simply denigrated. Often by people who lack exposure to begin to state why. I'd caution that cautioning others that young-guns are dangerous and incompetent further reinforces excuses for this all too apparent denigration. Thank you my employers all, who have been most kind in cooperating with me in sounding out a middle path between High Tech good ideas and practical and practiced. I think we've done great, and appreciate that we could dialog and discuss the paths without it coming down to the negative experience of the original post or slander of my ranks. I could be less enthused. There's some ok caution here, in two points: 1. Don't be emotionally attached to your work. Itself obviously horrifically bad advice for everyone: we should be building with passion, in tech the group has fervently picked up and can be excited to roll with. But emotionlessness and removing oneself is a fact of professionalism (to save oneself) and the mired compromise-oriented culture of professional life and business (where historically business plans have always trumped the everloving fuck out of passion and belief). The linked article? #1 rule of programming, leave emotions at the door? It's not about emotions. It's about pride and hubris, being unable to let go, as the junior developer in the article is, as he is silently unfeelingly antipathically checked without discourse or camraderie from coworkers that simply hit "mute" on him. 2. Design and process is indeed a great caution, something we need to burn cycles on- but the author flat out says junior people don't even think about what they are saying they want to build. Envisioning and end goal and hacking out some code can be a way of life, can be remotely possible, if your company can parcel up responsibilities in neat little independent units where you don't have to interact with anyone. As soon as you have to work on a project of >1 person, design first immediately becomes mandatory to some very minimal extent. This is a company problem, a danger if you really are leaving everyone running wild and hoping they see the virtues of designing for themselves. Last, I'd contend the green-horns, with their fancy notions of "what-if," have usually spent more time considering combinations and ways to lay things out than the experienced. If you really do exhibit the well-invested-techie syndrome and you have any self respect, your plan isn't "use redis and node.js and win," there's some kind of data-model, spoken or unspoken and it's up to a company to determine what kind of design proposal process it wants to run for pulling in these ideas and formulating a plan and direction. The author hits themselves in the forehead by the end: they finally get to process, where they discuss lifecycle. Lifecycle which needs to be the company's lifecycle, which needs to entail design. If a developer is off coding without a plan and there's no process in place where they had to think before hand, yeah, bad news, bad programmer, but how did that happen and why did the inexperienced person not have a standard of work from their workplace they drew from to get in such a bad spot? Did they not see the corporate wiki full of UML diagrams? Did they really forge ahead without filing any tickets for their work? Honestly some of the best programmers are young ones, because they are humble and they don't purport to know. Experienced ones are the ones coding from the seat of their pants, because they've seen it, they know it, they have assurances and confidence from the past and they're repeating it, day in and day out, and it's not exciting for adventurous for them, it's what they already know. It takes a certain moral rectitude in the junior class to exhibit this, but more than that, it takes a culture that supports discourse and process, it takes a workplace culture that can relish getting into it and understanding what they are doing, and executing first prototypes and then well to plan, and if that idea is hinted at and space is made where a junior programmer can cycle themselves through that and not be looked down upon, they have every chance of being as good today as they will in ten, twenty, thirty, or three hundred years. 100% agree and it's vile showmanship, but there's enough of a kernel of truth in that academic training is such incredibly poor preparation for making this stuff go. Frameworks help you build a system on top of the web. Rails and Django are systems underneath the web. Building up or building down, none of these technologies are inherently web themselves, they are their own self-establishing bias. Look at Polymer or Custom Elements if you are interested in building web technologies that are themselves truly of the web. They can keep the source for all I care, but it's hardly BitTorrent without an open extensible spec. I get a kind of jQuery feel from .NET, but I haven't been following along for 9 years. By jQuery feel, I mean a fairly uneducated developer base that is happy to be well served by rote practice and already-engineered tooling. It's not an engaging or creative work environment, it's a get things done world where you kind of wade through "solutions" until you cross paths with some existing code that does whats needed, and use that. There's a bazillion people around all kind of muddling through with various backgrounds who pop up to regurgitate whatever tidbits they themselves have picked up. Both jQuery and .NET do a decent job of providing some componentizing, so you can pull stuff in without having to understand it. You certainly don't have to understand the target platform either: the web. RoR has a lot of similarities too in being a culture that remixes the available, and in hiding the real workings, within and of the target. Before losing my sense of place in .NET, I was heavily enjoying alt.net stuff, largely owing to Boo (Python-alike .NET language with fantastic metaprogramming, AST, macros). Rather than take the normal webstack with Boo, I was using CastleProject's MonoRail (Ruby Sinatra alike) + Jayrock (old+excellent JSON omnibus lib) and Spring.NET to build json rest web-services. For me, it was easier investing in my client side and web application skills than it was learning how to dive into the engineered WebForms and ASP.NET and prototype-era ASP.NET MVC work to make them exhibit the behaviors I wanted. It was a great environment to code in, I liked the toolchain I'd come to use, but it was far afield the large .NET world and I had only scattered groups of practitioners (in these various techs I'd elected in) to work with & no overarching place to for myself as a developer of this Boo+MonoRail+Jayrock+Spring.NET thing I liked doing and thought fine. I tend to believe ASP.NET MVC is probably in great shape by now and serves getting shit up very quickly. At the same time, I think culturally MS- alike jQuery, RoR, and let's throw in Apple- remains monocultural, with people invested heavily in fixed technologies that already define a huge amount of the experience and whose use won't port "out," (monoglot) and there's not a creative community base that celebrates those striving & seeking less beaten paths, the polymaths. The intellectual level of engagement is, in short, pretty shit, and the community is at end to help the far-ranging. Too many end-developers (end-users of dev kind), not enough well-motivated, working-for-it journeymen, and mastercraftsmen far removed and few between, with too few to sound out the practice with broadly and not situated for helping the weirder polymaths below experimenting with weird shit. Tall organization, huge fat base with low minimum bars to entry, and monocultural to boot: death. Or rather, undeath: sustained, undying yet no longer alive quite either. http://docs.oracle.com/javase/1.4.2/docs/api/java/nio/ByteBu... is solid enough reading for the interested in encoding/decoding. It compares Direct v.s. non-direct buffers. The doc does remain somewhat circumspect about whether any work is done converting from raw memory to primitive values, for example in the use of getLong or putLong to read or write. The amount of time I spent in Puppet writing modules to install things to a master was ridiculous. I could have not automated and done it manually, but I preferred bootstrapping Puppet with Puppet. And that time you spend setting up a master? It's hopefully limited. But the joy doesn't end. Once your master is set up, then you get to install Puppet on every client too, and configure the client to point to your puppetmaster. Ansible is really a data (or as they say, model) driven massively parallel shell scripting system with advanced templating, tailored for configuration management. It does a lot more, and it's design footprint is at the same time far less. ++ The resounding question in my mind is why this, when there is Stackless Python? What's better about this greenthreading impl? http://www.stackless.com/ McAfee Anti-Virus more like, ha! Helping prevent trillions of dollars worth of terrorists damage! And let's go from a non-enforced dejure wretchedness to a defacto enforced wretchedness! The only 3rd party non-Google app/package manager I know of being used on Android is Debian, and it definitely doesn't have an app store or payment gateway for in app. Kindle of course is their own bag, and B&N is around too; it seems like there's got to be some place to start to begin to set both app-makers and app-users going. payswarm is building monetary & transactional schemas/data-models. they have json-ld underneath, and jsonld has some interop with RDFa if you want the other declarative content format (html). https://payswarm.com/specs/ http://digitalbazaar.com/payswarm/ i'm less familiar with the other ideas floating in the Web Payments working group, whose charter is to chart the standards serving what you describe. http://www.w3.org/community/webpayments/ A) slow last gen chip (rk3088), superseded by rockchip's RK3166: far slower than an i.mx6. B) no easy path to run linux, only really intended for Android stick use (Rockchip hasn't had an open source come to jesus meeting & won't- freescale makes docs avail). C) extremely limited I/o on the MK808 and all Android sticks- single USB + HDMI is it. There are some interesting sticks out if the i/o limitation is ok but the MK808 is obsolete & slow. Major hard on for this work, amazingly awesome geekery going on here. Given the clock drift, it seems like our man could use a PPS injector/killer alike what Google uses to slowly shift their time-synchronous data-centers through situations like leap seconds. Something's got to be done about the drift, but making a big event out of it would be, IMO, generally a bad thing, whereas taking a couple days to undrift off the added milliseconds would be ideal. Just- don't stop logging drift, in absolute time too. http://www.wired.com/wiredenterprise/2012/11/google-spanner-... Superb work. Would love some pictures of this setup! Some of the coolest 486's in use! Gracious no, but to be safe I've contacted the author & he's agreed that a restraining order is the best course of action for us. Purify! Purify! If you're building a server and spending money to put a SSD in front of hard drives because you want throughput, it behooves you to consider throughput/$. Maybe you'll notice, maybe you wont. There's a place for good enough, and any front-SSD cache will be a huge advance for sure over not. But I second the notion that you probably want to find a SSD that is performant, and low capacity ones often are heavily compromised in this department. For people that require a large bulk of data but who also leave most of it cold, unused, front-caching SSDs are brilliant. Paying four times as much for twice the performance and far better reliability is a no-brainer for this- what's the opposite of a bottleneck- accelerator? Data reserve+pump? What would you guess is the average interval between accesses for any given byte-on-disk a Linode customer has? If it's hours, days, or weeks, I'd call it reckless to be spending money to put those bytes on expensive SSD systems. Make the hot stuff fast, be price conscious with the rest. The problem is that Linux is quite alright as well. The advantage of plan9 was "at scale," being able to commingle multiple system's resources in interesting novel ways. This has never been and still is in no ways Linux's strength. Linux is inward focused: a monolithic kernel designed to serve as a pleasant base for anything running under it. There are probably near a thousand different Node.js projects each implementing some kind of coordination layer between Node.js processes (ex: https://github.com/amino/amino ) and similar efforts abound on for all other applications to be coded against (Hazelcast, Hadoop, &c). Why? It's all done as application framework level because the Linux operating system's design space is sitting on a box and running. The fanciest interconnect you're going to get is when you first modprobe in USB-IP (allows network control of a usb peripheral). It's downhill, and back to writing applications if you want to push on. Linux is definitely quite alright. We're fine with Hadoop, running on the JVM, running on Linux. We were delighted to have a desktop Unix, to have X running- the never ending parade of "year of the linux desktop" stories, year after year. Linux arose when we wanted better ways to run things on a box, and most problems fit on a box. Linux was what we wanted, took care of the pressing matter of running a single box, and it was good at that, whereas when it and Plan9 were in their early days, it was a harsh and hostile landscape and we weren't good at working within the confines of the box. Plan9 has always been for those cases where you abutted the constraints of the box, and wanted to think more openly more broadly about the problems about us- and plan9 was for those who wanted to reap solutions that could scale and reach out in a common interoperable serviceable way. It was ahead of it's time, and we couldn't picture the use of a fabric that would let the boxes work together, in part because boxes were still rapidly individually advancing from the very crude, hard to use machines of the mainframe days into things we could begin to use. Thanks Linux for getting us so far, but I tend towards suspecting that thinking of a running environment that thinks chiefly of itself, that remains firmly about it's own box, is too old world to be of much real service these days. What's the volume on a reasonable sized small batch of chips? How small of an order does it make sense to go down do doing your own chips? If one buys the IP, is it Intel fabbing the chips, or do you have to take the resultant work elsewhere, or is it your option? Investors and builders, please remember that your property's value is sinking. Sinking, sinking under the waves of the rising sea. I believe in Mono if one does Ahead-of-Time compilation the bytecode is just mem mapped in and can be shared between runtimes, giving you much of the advantage of this work. Java has had Class Data Sharing (CDS) since jdk1.5, an archive of "standard libraries" shared between all instances. It can be rebuilt with additional libraries, speeding their load and reducing their footprint. Links to notes on this, https://plus.google.com/113218107235105855584/posts/K9seVudj... . Stack overflow q, http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4692076/speed-up-applicat... CDS is fantastically un-isolated and using it is going to be systemwide. You're still running many many java copies, and that is fat in size, ugly and busted in form. Containers like Tomcat exist to solve a near-like problem of being a many-application serving system. This virtualized virtual machine is definitely the first runtime that's oriented to multi-tenant, but if you look around, you can find some it's technical roots here and there. If one needs to be launching only a fixed set of programs fast, perhaps give CRIU, checkpoint restore in userspace, a try? Give the program time to warm up and load, checkpoint it, then restore a copy: run an already copy, rather than repeat the startup afresh. Post on CRIU from the same day: https://plus.google.com/113218107235105855584/posts/CNkhcV43... Ole Roemer, a Danish astronomer, proved suspicions of many such as Empedocles (490-435 B.C.) that light has a speed. 1676. C/o Speed of Light: Case History. http://www.is.wayne.edu/MNISSANI/A&S/light.htm Ug easy sensationalism via namedropping. Now, in another 50 years, I look forward to fingerprint analysis of a scale 1/1000th as fine: we caught you obeying the the speed of light, but you forgot to compensate for relativistic drift in X fashion. GUILTY! major coup for AMD. This is a CUDA that will affect all gamers. Coup indeed, a violent bloody struggle for the throne if it involves bypassing the existing graphics APIs. I for one don't mind the style, don't mind the media experience nor do I mind having one. It's distinct and unique and not hard to read for me, and perhaps even a modicrum of useful- bringing sessions into focus. It is, however, entirely mobile hostile. In their original motions, Google and Microsoft sought to publish on aggregate number for all the FISA process they receive. After failing to reach settlement with the Government, however, they amended their motions to see krelief that owuld present an even greater risk to nation security: the right to disclose the precise number of FISA processes they may receive under each separate provision of FISA page 3. It's mirth on display in this stanzas, pure and simple, and it's immensely ugly and shameful: the Court is happy to defer from defending it's activities by instead highlighting progressiveness in the demands for accountability. Every inch more asked for is responded to by doubling the re-entrenchment of secrecy. "ref_send", the ability to create a deliverable value, would be my core linkage on Q and more-so promises (as not an author) http://waterken.sourceforge.net/ . The background is interesting, but I'm not sure what value an association with historical context brings. I've tried other promise libraries, but stub my toe on missing capabilities I'm used to, or end up distracted with mechanics. I don't think I've ever found myself saying, gee, would that this be closer to ref_send, but then again almost all implementations happen to tack close to. So, uh, Domenic does have a more useful account of Q. Mostly here to drop some ref_send. ;) Almost on display: heavy-handed web-browsers that won't let us visit a site, for our own good. They've already sold a sizable quantity of very very very expensive boards. Thus: there exists a market for boards sold as high quality. A123 cells. 70A continuous, 120A burst, will stay at 3.4V until really tired. The bottom, with the array of holes, and the dead on power delivery numbers both give it away. B456 now. School kids kept advance slabs of glass in their pockets in 1989. Pockets were bigger then and the cpu was a Z80. Rubber condoms began large scale manufacturing in the 1930s. Flu immunization the 1950s. Very recently upgraded with modern science, but heavily practiced as it was. The algorithm you revere as knowing yourself only ever gets trained to learn where it can get you to spend money. Which it does in an ad supported manner. Point you on programming bacteria. Go bio. Transplants and health have gotten better. But healthcare in general is also less accessible and more costly. Space is no longer pioneered by nations, it's pioneered by people making money. I agree we're amazing, but glamorous long-shot works are fading from the world and in my consideration we are settling in for a long stretch of capitalist coasting on marginal incremental improvements. We would do well to rally against settling and re-envision ways to breath life into possibility-exploration. The inflection point for progress was two decades ago. You and I and this topic are thinking about progress and innovation, and we have something in mind. But our terms mean nothing to the people enacting "innovation." Capitalism is risk averse and progress oblivious. The figure of merit in capitalism is one number: profit, and you can tweak the margin factor and cross your finger on the sales factor. There are so many possibilities out there to spring a 2X better plan that won't cost a bundle, but capitalism isn't interested in that kind of better. Merit in capital is about how big a paycheck you can slice off. I think there are huge amounts of innovation and progress that are easily within reach, radical ways of putting us societally in gear to be able to at any turn provide for ourselves without having to draw from afar. But my merit for progress- tooliness and sustainability for the individual- isn't shared and it's not the kind of progress this world's evolved systems march towards. Progress requires a definition of a figure of merit, and this world today has lost any sense of what it means to progress except for raking in cash. We need bootstrapping progress so people can be free to unlock new value-systems for themselves. I like the idea floated here- cypherpunks won, and that there are new futures to be seized. Overall, the most cypherpunk thing I can suggest to people who want to move things forwards- ignore cypherpunk. Figure out how to get people orchestrating and controlling their own host of devices among them and their friends. Break down the walls between local devices, string up some lines, and get people experimenting with managing, sharing and pooling their local resources. We need whetted appetites for human control of the wider systems. We need people who want to harness their many systems (as opposed to be harnessed to your applications, subject to it's designed fancy), we need people interested in repurposing/reconnecting things as their environment changes. We need whetted appetites for sovereign control over all of one's devices. Empower and more so interest people in seizing the device and put it in it's role among the person's world, and cryptography will be just a facet of that great manifest will we've reawoken. If you want to be a cypherpunk, be a cypherpunk tomorrow. Today, be a ubiquitous computer systems liberator. Actually, no: we're not talking about privacy here. I was asserting how incredibly boring privacy is today, and how we should stop talking about it because it's boring (except to me and you and our small cadre of crypherpunk friends) and we're locked out of understanding it in practice: If you don't own the software (no one does), don't have control over it's behavior (no one does) and cannot see it's data (no one can), grappling with and understanding control over the channels can only be done in the extreme abstract. Sovereign computing proposes reversing the former, and giving people direct systems control, sharing, and orchestration capabilities. Ubiquotous computing proposes taking these exposed raw capabilities, and making them broadly and generally machine-to-machine. I hadn't mentioned that cypherpunks have been extremely in the spot light, c/o anonymous (w/ major recent busts), silk road (busted), and that guy no longer in America; all of which are keeping cypherpunkery in the spotlight of late. I hadn't mentioned privacy; PGP, TLS, OpenVPN, & the only new and shiny on the block onion routing. Because I don't think privacy will have the public consciousness. Because privacy today means turning over whatever rocks Facebooks decides to leave out for you to turn over, and that's not useful. If crypto wants focus, it needs to actively support a counter SaaSS world, it needs to focus on creating new capabilities directly usable by individuals for interacting with other individuals. Sure the glass slab from 1989 may have 50x or 70x bigger "wires" in it's microchips, and it may have bigger pixels, but I see more in common with the $100 1989 device and the modern glass slab than I see difference and change. Sure, certainly the extra miniaturization both chip- and product- scale is good incremental change, but the componentry is the same and rate of progress has tapered massively. Wireless is certainly one place we've been radically helped, and that's hugely attributable to DSP processing, which is great. But see above tapering. How's this for some bounding? Let's go back to 2000. AMD has just dropped a 1.4GHz Athlon, and is 3 years from Athlon 64. Intel, in November drops Netburst, 1.5-2GHz. Intel says are going to take NetBurst to 10GHz by 2005. What I'd point out is that all these advances you cite have inflection points, something that took available technology that was on the shelf and under developed and mused over, into being radically ragingly important in a very short time. And then we milk that system heavily, get huge gains, and then... and then... cross our fingers hold our butts and wait for the next thing to jump up and remake the world. This "rocket" moves in fits and starts. It's easy and convenient to point to historical context as you do, and to convince ourselves of progress. Rather than take hold of these mix of points and see amazement, I see very small case studies in a larger world that loses the radical element, the dynamics, and creeps towards stasis. The number of things left on the shelf to develop, to fully industrialize into, is not unboundedly infinite. It's up to us to dream hard, dream big, to fight the creeping in of stasis and assert our status as homo sapien, the shaper of the world about, and we need to find big enough dreams to fuel that. To do that, we need to keep everyone dreaming and potentiated, not just the Musks of today. Agreed that progress is stagnant on the net. And I'm glad there are some grass roots springing up on the well-tread physical planes. It's great that people are springing their own means here. I pray to my gods every day that the net too starts springing up some grass roots to show for itself. This "nervous system"'s origins were the smart and the dreamers, but it's meteoric rise into the cloud has gotten it further and further away from being a thing people know and touch and can handle for themselves. I hope it's not too long for the net to spring it's own grass roots, and for people to feel the netgrass beneath their feet. Are you kidding? SpaceX built a tiny but cost effective rocket engine and rocket for significantly under a quarter billion. Most of the engineering was done under the initial $100m from Musk. They borrowed from well known engine designs that were simple, uncomplex, controllable, and safe, that had only been used on a small scale (they now use 9 of them). They used the cheapest, well-known weld technique, friction stir welding for the rocket. X33, the last great "try some crazy shit" we pulled, was cancelled after $922m from NASA and $357m from Lockheed Martin. (Leave it to congress to kill the interesting/tricky/useful stuff! Revive this project!) X33 was 1/10th the weight of the VentureStar craft it was a demonstrator for. It was to pioneer radical new high efficiency high-control thrust vectoring engines burning the most gravometrically dense element, innovative cryonics, sstol, lighweight composite construction techniques, lifting body aerodynamics, metallic thermal protection, and unmanned flight controls. Any one of these things could produce massive massive spinoff technologies in it's wake, and would be incredibly important technologies to be able to point to, and set a new bar for progress. It's not that private industry is bad (oh, it is), it's that private industry is boring, safe, incremental, and the only massive innovations this world have ever seen have jumped up from the shadows and stolen existing big buisnesses lunch in the split second it took business to blink. Business is the living antithesis of what is most interesting and uniquely human: the radical. There's Caitline.js (formerly Communist.js), which targets many of the same problems that have been called out here. I'd be interested in seeing some simple examples of it ported to Clojurescript, or examples of Servant ported to Caitline and compared. http://catilinejs.com/ UMD earned 666.66 merit points. I report, you decide! both speak about it in what is best described as a "not negative" way As opposed to Win8, which was quite sincerely negative, and costs you the consumer money. The OS can die and disappear. And ChromeOS is a waypoint along that road, helping the desktop vanish out from under us. Most consumers are happy running web browsers 80% of the time and nothing else. The remaining 20% is stretching itself harder and harder to justify it's existence apart from the common platforms every-day. iOS and Android are a little different a scenario, and I don't begrudge that. But the desktop platform's relevance has vanished. ChromeOS heralds that in. The author clearly has not made any attempt to live with a Chromebook. Certainly not all apps are offline capable, but increasingly so they are, and particularly the vital ones that you'd need to do normal desktop type work. Certainly some people DO need real applications and do need the OS they've always known so they can run the enterprise apps they need to run. But this is old guard, legacy stuff, and the new world is happy emerging without that baggage. Good riddance, I'm glad we get to dumb this guys old guard view at the door and start fresh without. A market-sector he pitches heavily 3/5 of the way through. The problem with sites like this is that readers such as mike-cardwell are not cool enough to download the sources themselves and host it where they trust it. ATAoE was- to my knowledge- never integrated into a drive controller. SD cards implement a linear map of blocks. We typically introduce a hierarchical key-value store on top of that- a filing system where we file values by certain keys. What is your ask? Get rid of hierarchy and use only a single flat directory on the SD card? Plan9 was close to the kind of vision you describe- configuration and state for applications lived live in the file system. If you didn't care yesterday, I HIGHLY ENCOURAGE AND RECOMMEND YOU NOT CARE TODAY. Please explain why Node shouldn't be permitted or wouldn't be appropriate for "advanced" scenarios. What advantage does Node acquire by resisting fibers & threads inclusion? You seem to have a set characterization for where you think Node fits, but I don't understand what basis you are making these assertions from, and I'm curious if there's anything to justify these stated opinions. As for type-checking, there are options such as TypeScript which can be used on Node if a team finds them helpful. I hadn't run into node-webworker-threads project before. What a delight! I'd used Node-webworkers[1] in the past but that's multiprocess+websockets. Audreyt is killing it: a solid implementation of the standard webworker model. [1] https://github.com/pgriess/node-webworker Don't Isolates also allow and support the use of Transferables? Objects can only be in one isolated thread or another, but I thought the purpose of Transferables was to get rid of the need to ser-deser them? Which mates well with what one of the projects in the article is up to: audreyt's node-webworker-threads. Webworkers extend webmessaging, so it's- as you talk about- about passing objects to one another. Certainly Webworkers can and have been implemented without threads. Node-webworkers does just that, but it uses websockets to do inter-worker communication: it cannot leverage Transferables that causes the need to copy objects. Would that there be a common process where postMessage() could transfer an object from one owner to another! I highly recommend learning and using webworkers for all developers- they are a huge part of the future of the web- and anything that Node can do to nurture and make common and harmonious it's existence with the de-facto well defined means for multi-processing. I cannot but see as a good thing. I also cannot help but think that perhaps multi-threading is a fine and advantageous way to achieve webworkers intercommunicating form of multi-processing: it enables Transferables, where ser-deser can be avoided. What reasons are there for ignoring the onboard SATA ports? It doesn't define high level semantics other such as QUIC can use or build from. It's the whole kit and caboodle when it should have been broken up into clean modular pieces: framing layers, protocol layers, semantic layers. QUIC or other hopefuls trying to break from the mobile-horror-show that is TCP are left with nothing to start from, and HTTP/2 docs devolve into a commingled big-ball-of-mud as it hops from low level aspects to higher level aspects. I don't suppose beamforming also self-moderates the power used to send? I have plenty of 100mW APs, and AFAIK they use that power all the time. Sure would be considerate if they'd scale down to use the appropriate amount of power required to reach each particular node. Not at all. Channel sizes in 802.11ad's 60GHz spectrum space are 2.16GHz wide, and can fit four of those channels in most countries. 802.11ac is still 80MHz channels in 2.4GHz space and now 160MHz channels in 5GHz space, and can fit two and three or four of those "big" channels". 802.11ad is definitely a major user of beamforming, relying heavily on reflectance, as it doesn't penetrate solid stuff very well. 802.11ad also has engineering work being poured into protocol adaption layers, so interconnects such as DisplayPort or PCIe can run atop it and presumably the 802.11 MAC that's supposed to be core to 802.11ad. Comes with a single PCIe 3.0 x16 link on die, good for 16Gbyte/s. Kaveri was the first PCIe3 capable chip, good to see that in server-land too. There are a couple people out and about for whom 8GB/s just wasn't enough- dual port IB-FDR, & storage controllers are right at that threshold. Apparently the PCIe competes with one of the HT channels? Kind of under the impression one is limited to 2P if using the on-chip PCIe, but not 100% on that. Intel seems stuck at 2P and HT still has massively lower latency but 80 GByte/s worth of PCIe lanes is huge. As big as main-memory throughput huge! Hence DDIO, which you reference, which allows IO to write to cache and skip the historic data-path it used to take through main memory. AFAIK AMD doesn't have anything equivalent. And they only have 16 lanes on chip: the rest come out of io-hubs. I'd love to see someone actually try and use all that Intel PCIe IO and report on how utilized those pipes can get. Perhaps someone wants to send the PacketShader people a box loaded with GPUs? That'd be great, thanks! http://shader.kaist.edu/packetshader/ The swarths of pure white just left of center indicate the problem exactly. These are not some ideal perfect American dream-land. Follow the graph and one might think Nebraska, the Dakotas, Iowa, Minnesota were some kind of dream land. The graph measures who gets to the top quintile (1/5). Yet the article only mentions quintile once, in nondescript passing. Alas, this believer in transclusion also deeply feels it's important that authors need to be paid, himself included. Perhaps he'd have a better chance to impact history in a meaningful way if he opted to give away for free the works making that case? Very few will have a chance to be exposed to the ideas Ted Nelson promotes: the range of books you suggest shows the impossibility of ever getting a comprehensive look into his view. As opposed to Spark, the microcontroller platform. As opposed to Spark, the resilient distributed data system. As opposed to Spark, the open source IM client. Because who DOESNT enjoy flying on tiny little razor blades? A Mig-25 (fielded 1964) was allegedly clocked on radar over Israel in 1973 doing Mach 3.2. How long it took to figure out that the thing's afterburners were stuck in the full-on position, how long it took to realize it wasn't equipped with adequate targeting or missiles- unknown. While the Mig-31 (1981) was indeed engineered to make a real stand, and this article talks to that, I don't think this article builds a case for or against anyone having any real idea whether the SR-71 (1966) was vulnerable to the Mig-25 or not. If the question is "what repelled the SR71," the question isn't the technical merits of the Mig-31, it's the question of what was known v.s. unknown about what when. The question of the Mig-25's capabilities were answered more clearly after Viktor Belenko defected with one in 1976. It was not a threat. How long it took to figure that out, and American confidence that Viktor's Mig-25 was as good as any other they'd likely see, remain unknown factors. The Mig-31 (1981) wasn't really much faster, leading to the carefully coordinated chase described in the article, but it at least had an electronics suite, radar, communications link, and armaments capable of making it's threat visibly apparent. Certainly the Zaslon phased-array radar is impressive and the R-33 missile specs give it the on paper capabilities to hit a SR-71. Yet the article's talks of only two events where an interception occurred, one undated, the second in 1986, after the first major upgrade to the Zaslon radar and the whole time using the very first Soviet in flight digital computer, acquiring targets for a 1970's designed missile the R-33 (fielded 1981). You are hereby compelled to furnish the audience with an alternative less-authoritarian sounding substitution. I compel you to not "compel against" with merely strict negatives, and insist that you provide tenable positive alternates. The press release de-emphasized CephFS, and bumped XFS while ignoring Ceph's BTRFS mode (where snapshotting is available). Terrified that multi-cursor would be for the case of "one user/keyboard/mouse." I'd love to see a Vim that actually does multi-seat. Google has kept tight control over the product. Where-as Twitter grew from a diverse range of different products doing different things with the API and progressed towards a more authoritarian model, Google+ has been tightly controlled and normalized an experience. There's less room in the Google+ ecosystem for interesting things to work their way in. There is a Moments API for external applications to post specialized content into the feed, and there is a read-api giving an Activity Streams centric feed. Conversely, perhaps it's that we're less likely as a civilization to try to push things to interesting uses. Quake1, Quake2 and Unreal Tournament mark an exemplary period where dabblers came along and tried to push the systems, tried to find interesting and creative twists. Twitter was similarly buoyed into popularity, but today we see polished, final games- games are no longer moddable, would-be hackers simply license and leverae the engine, not a complete game to hack from, and like we see movements and projects such as IndieWeb, Tent.io, app.net, Salmon, ad-infinitum saying we must do it ourselves, rather than focusing on creating a rich dynamic around something that is. Suffice it to say, my view is that anything that attempts to stand alone is bound by very low limits, and I'm not sure where G+ needs to go to overcome it's limits of being merely itself. A bunch of content packs isn't really pushing the bounds. That you end with a discussion of money and survivability of the FPS somewhat drives the point home of how different our views are: an open system doesn't necessarily attract commercial value, it attracts eccentric purposes. AirQuake wasn't made for money, it was made because someone wanted to take something known and explore. Conversely, CoD and MW might be fighting for life because it's only the same commercial hacks doing the same thing to death and not letting other people come in and muck around with shitty barely working mods. Not that people necessarily still do wide-scale show up and start building mutators, anymore: most would rather get paid by the hacks to do "blockbusters." As per Gibson: "The street find's it own uses for things," and it's that ability of the street to do so that gives long renewing interest into the thing. Either let oneself be reborn again and again, or die of certain irrelevancy. I disagree: none of these three or even the aggregate of these three historical mistakes is anywhere near enough to forever permanently condemn a product. I don't think Google gets 1 inning to win the game, or 10 inninings: they get as long as it takes them to build the thing worth using. These minor grievances could hardly be more narrowsighted and petty in that context. I do not believe in the 'make or break' theory you work against. God save us from software that bends over backwards to help average users. The only thing worth doing with software is pushing it forward. Cavium announced a 48 x 64-bit chip running 2.5GHz almost two and a half years ago: the Octeon III. http://www.cavium.com/newsevents_Cavium_Unveils_48-core_OCTE... To each their own. I'm not interested in systematic scraping. I just want to take back, take home the web experience I've had, and be able to digest and work with it latter. The things that I want to work with are the sights and experiences I've had. Client side is perfect. Second, if I was trying to scrape, I'd rather do scraping with WebDriver than anything else, and injecting some client side scraping tools and using WebDriver as a driver, not a driver/scraper sounds remarkably better. I see no reason to ever not use a browser to consume html content. FWIW I vote no change. For example, favoriting a tweet on twitter is lossy: there's no after-the-fact scraping I can do to know where I was, what time it was when I favorited the thing. If we want to Publish Everywhere Syndicate to Own Site (#IndieWeb dubs this PESOS), if we want to have our own experiences we can talk about, client side is the way to go. Most javascript developers want to use Javascript and want to use what's available in the defacto javascript package manager (npm) and want to use the build tool that works with the javascript packages (browserify). Suggesting using something other than Javascript, it's packages, and it's preeminent packager to get started with Polymer is exactly the problem parent was highlighting, and your suggestion is bloody not well helping. "polymer has these integration pain points" "you should try dart! it integrates well" you definitely told shadowmint to go fuck himself. If you are a webdeveloepr that builds non-Javascript tools that don't integrate with the rest of Javascript tooling, you will have a very isolated, limited, unadopted and narrow-minded niche you carve for yourself. Good idea, a great and seemingly sensible competition to RemoteStorage. But it's not going anywhere unless the docs come in JSON-LD format too, and unless in that form the work is semantically expressive and sensible. Users won't care, until someone else builds on the liberated data of your app. Is a 64-core model in sight at all? Rrriiight. Good luck making it past the Commerce Clause, trying to thieve what is an enshrined Federal power ("To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes"). Who are these chumps that so enjoy playing with themselves in the public forum? Why do they think they're not stepping all over the constitution by imposing burdens on commercial activities that happen to intersect with NY? FYI: CeroWRT is a fork based around David Taht's work combating bufferbloat. It describes itself as a project built on top of OpenWRT, which sounds slightly less scary IMO than fork. http://www.bufferbloat.net/projects/cerowrt Instead of trying to fight to make big corporations and governments play nice on the Internet, this project tries to allow individuals & small & medium businesses to be good/model citizens. This is a grass-roots attempt to create a shareable electronic freedom: not only ought you have the right to privacy and expression, but sensibly, you ought have the means to share and spread that right too. The parent simply skipped past the part that a connected peer will send less traffic if they sense packet loss. It's a little problematic, in that there are a lot of clients all sending at once and all looking to see if they can increase their rate of send, but if you ingress limit (drop packets, or via ECN) BitTorrent is controllable. BitTorrent peers are collorative, because otherwise turning on BitTorrent anywhere would immediately result in the parent's boogeyman showing up: being flooded by way more traffic than can be handled. That's not an overlooked part of designing a client: it's known that when writing UDP protocols one has to do one's own flow control. In the Linux desktop world, Telepathy serves a similar role: it's a unified daemon that handles all account connectivity (XMPP, Irc, Sip, Jingle, Aim, MSN, &c), and other programs talk to Telepathy instead of making their own connections. Telepathy and Tenyks are both communications services. D-Bus is used to talk to Telepathy, which fills the role ZeroMQ plays in Tenyks. Also: freedom. What oath? The only oath he was required to sign AFAIK is the Oath of Office: one defending the constitution, not the corrupt inbred military-industrial-complex that's grown up. His oath read: "I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God." Source: http://www.newyorker.com/news/amy-davidson/did-edward-snowde... I don't know one way or another about a Medal, but this man has upheld his oath, and he did not allow reservation or evasion to deter him in it discharging it's duty. So help him. "So we created webworker-threads, a cross-platform implementation of the Web Worker API for Node.js." The AOSA article is a great read. Further, the result of that EtherCalc work is one of the coolest projects around- an implementation of Web Workers for Node.js using native threading: "This module provides an asynchronous, evented and/or continuation passing style API for moving blocking/longish CPU-bound tasks out of Node's event loop to JavaScript threads that run in parallel in the background and that use all the available CPU cores automatically; all from within a single Node process." https://github.com/audreyt/node-webworker-threads Which is a great new other feature of USB Power Delivery: peripherals can provide bus power. This way you might have an external USB monitor (USB A/V you were announced 2011: where the _hell_ are you?!) that also provides power. For a while it seemed like DisplayPort or DockPort might be the one cable to rule them all... USB PD seriously changes the footing of the game. Alas, USB A/V (encoded video to an output device) being completely absent is seriously damning USB's chance to be that one cable. Go back to GNU/Hurd please, with your "monolithic kernels are always worse than small separate interoperating pieces" noise. :p What would be the benefit of a native application over using a browser extension? I don't see the advantage of "do it native" here. Nor do I see the advantage of doing in the browser. They both seem like perfectly good places to write a BitTorrent client. And I can certainly imagine some interesting cases where I would want to allow my site users to send traffic between each other over a well known, advanced P2P syndication system (rather than cobbling up my own). Sounds like a whole lot more bellyaching. Why so serious? Dial down your zeal friend. BitTorrent is extensible: I see you agree with that premise since you listed UDP sockets, formalized by BEP-0029. The objections you level against WebRTC DataChannels make it sound like the particular transports you mention are somehow blessed, that it's not and won't ever be bittorrent unless it's TCP or UDP (and even if it was a hard/fast requirement, one could still benefit from WebTorrent via Firefox extensions and Chrome apps). Who cares if you're using mmap, epoll, or inotify? Are you intimate with the performance limitations of IndexedDB in all browsers? How versed are you on the performance hit taken by File API? When do these limits become problems? Why would a browser need to keep open a filehandle for every "every" in the first place? That's certainly not at all how https://github.com/js-platform/filer works, on either it's IndexedDB or it's WebSQL backend. As for your networking dilemmas, I recommend you check out: The network discovery api (which can enumerate UPnP and DNS-SD), WebRTC's TURN/Stun for correctly choosing from available addresses, and a whole bunch of other web stuff that you obviously don't know anything about but think is explicitly the domain of Real Serious Programming With Real Applications. Not everyone needs to be operating at the fantastical extremes you are concocting, not all use cases are gigantic seedboxes on fat pipes. It's ok to deliver capabilities that someone else might already have, and maybe not even have some quirks or possible points of poor comparison. You're throwing a whole bunch of technical minutia at the problem you want to have. You're picking a false fight (and one that the web has plenty of good repostes you didn't know/omitted to retort with). The web might not be the best choice for using a gigabit ethernet connection (or maybe it actually does it fine in some conditions!): the act of finding these particular points to dive deep deep into as an excuse to ignore, shun, and spit upon the expansion of human technical capabilities is a close-minded injustice. It's bigotry, simpleminded technical bigotry showing off your inability to open your mind to possibilities, unwilling to open your arms to new improved things becoming available to people who want them and will benefit from their use, it's your own intransigence in the face of the ongoing adaption and mutation going on in the world. You're in for a bumpy ride if you are going to cling so tightly to your notion of what things are for and how they ought be. Seems like this would've been a completely ideal place to rock some mongo_fdw, which would give postgres the ability to query and extract data directly from mongo. https://github.com/citusdata/mongo_fdw I believe an accounts basically stores your public key on their servers, so other people can verify with FireChat who it is that sent the message. In an offline context, you'd be able to get a lot of messages and tell that it's the same person talking, but you'll have no way to see whether that really is the person or not. FireChat's public key servers allow those with access to see- according to FireChat- who is talking. Tao begot one. One begot two. Two begot three. And three begot the Ten Thousand Things. Poking holes at ways it can fail is analytic thinking. First you must accept the premise, and work to design ways it could work, will work, is working. Take a thing far before cutting it down. It's possible this project creates the culture that satisfies your existability concerns. It's possible that culture might grow and spread. In 1968, Mr. Hoover authorized the F.B.I. to wiretap a left-wing journalist who wrote critical stories about Nazis in America, internal records show. I'll refrain from adding snark about "pragmatism" here. Part of this was fighting Russians and communism, sure, good warhawk parent, but let's not forget that the politicization and polarization of the times squeezed out a whole of left-ist causes and that the government did not play in any way fair against those who might be guilty of political dissent nor those who might report positively on political non-conformists. On one hand, there's the act of not immediately burning potential useful allies for their (abominable racial) politics. On the other hand, there's the actions taken against political dissenters to protect those allies, actions that seem like one of those classic stacking the deck moves that gives notice to all good men that the Tree of Liberty might be looking a little thirsty. Do you have any articles you would point to that describe the governmental machinations? You pose this as a part of a larger arc, and I'd love to see more effort done to make it clear what that arc is, what this is a part of. I did a little digging around for articles on the 27th (as that wonderful picture of the protests made the round, https://twitter.com/RyanHeathWriter/status/52740681179280588... ). I ran into Slow and Steady: Hungary's Media Clampdown which seemed a reasonable enough job at illustrating that this isn't just a vie against the internet or a vie for revenue, it's part of a longer programme very deliberately creating Soft Censorship, and installing new undemocratic ways for the politicos to grab onto power. https://www.ifex.org/hungary/2014/07/28/slow_steady/ Actually, arguments are better when they don't start with "Actually," The individual perspective is irrelevant. If the rest of the world was closed source, releasing your program open source wouldn't make much difference. The difference is collectivization. When practiced widely, open source hardware means that you can find other designs that have tackled problems you've encountered. You can borrow one guys power block, find an audio block that meets your constraints, tack on a core complex from another project, and use a motor control from a fourth. You probably won't have anything to contribute to any of these projects: you may face some challenges they face, but collaborating with them is way harder than with software. That's ok. There's still a growing of a collective body of knowledge that others can recycle, and grow atop of. Open source hardware still does what is important about open source software: it empowers individuals to explore realms they would never have gotten to meddle with before. As a small company, you can find a lot better a base than what you might develop in house if others are practicing open source hardware. And that means better kit for everyone. I'd just started learning about what's offered in Geotools.JS ( https://github.com/jillesvangurp/geotools-js ). This looks way way more comprehensive; very cool. Reminds of me the recent, thread on "why open source hardware is hard", whose article was written from the point of a view of a (Western) company having a hard time finding value in making it's work open source. He's looking- as an individual entity- for return for his sharing. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8770732 Bunnie crystallizes terms where we can begin to see a response- while the "why hard" author contemplated the traditional Western unidirection flow, Bunnie characterizes a loose network not of product co-development and impacts to bottom-line, but comprised largely of support and availability. The Gongkai model makes available means and platform, rather than providing the conventional expected of open source: development. Thanks as ever Bunnie not just for the hard work and amazing worklogs, but also for helping pull together good framing to help answer "why oshw is hard" with. Flipping off a bad hardware company, writing some scathing roasts of patches... he's obviously not checking himself into staid polite behavior, absolutely. The extent to which this makes him a jerk, or makes him bossy is a connection that I've always felt is tenuous at best. Even his meanest patch roasts are things that I'd hope people realize can be taken in stride; technical work will have to go in but work can progress, and Linus is not forebearing, he's not enhancing the difficulty of doing that technical work by being directly scathing to the existing work, and generally (what I think most people regards as) humorous and spirited to the rest of the readership. What I haven't seen is any real attempt to find citeable referencable direct impacts of Linus being flamboyant as he produces his technical outlook. Which contributors have taken serious injury, and how has it impacted them? Certainly contributing is hard and finding out the work needs to be redone is hard: what measures can we assign to how much harder those necessary acts are when it's a "jerk"-y delivery (which as I said is not a term I'm not confident is appropriate or applicable). Rather than focus on Linus's behavior as problematic and the emphasis of it being a deeply stemmed root cause, I'd like to see some hard impact-analysis with good data behind it that gives a better idea of why we should adopt strict tone-policing of the necessary harsh and brutal technical review process. Your case is fair, and your advice is solid, but no one is sure it's appropriate. At IBM there is a distinct chain of command and people who have to interact with each other and a corporate body every day. A technical mailing list can certainly suffer from domineering people monopolizing the conversation as well, but most evidence we have of this- Systemd debates in Debian, Gentoo- show a much more overt structural deficiency going on in a far more pervasive fashion than what is found on LKML. Look at the outcome in problem cases- whereas in a contained social environment- a business- the containment ends in creative control ending up in the lands of the domineering group, in mailing lists we tend to rampant infighting and shifting lines of battle amongst larger parties. The 1:1 1:few defined hierarchies and political power-games of a business have few clear places we can draw parity to on a highly-trafficed mailing list: dissent resisting the domineering force is highly visible and contested, and conflict spreads as people weigh in and the conversation threads-out and threads are linked into one another. "Kay, this needs to be fixed. Suggested fix: just use the 'seq_printf()' interfaces, which do the proper buffering, and allow any size reads of various packetized data. Of course, I'd also suggest that whoever was the genius who thought it was a good idea to read things ONE FCKING BYTE AT A TIME with system calls for each byte should be retroactively aborted. Who the fck does idiotic things like that? How did they noty die as babies, considering that they were likely too stupid to find a tit to suck on?" - linus https://lkml.org/lkml/2012/7/6/495* do you want some data on the people who don't even bother dealing with sort of talk? he could easily replace the second paragraph with something like* "This is an extremely bad way of doing things; reading one byte of a time is terrible. Please research the system calls you are using before submitting another patch, it's unacceptable to submit code that hasn't been thought through thoroughly." I dont know what I feel about this particular missive. But I do have some points to add about it- First and foremost, if I interpret this correctly there are two different issues Linus is conveying: 1. Kay has let a subsystem he has (shared-?) responsibility over decay from it's normal functions. 2. Debian does whack bad shit to read kernel logs. So, Kay is not the target of abuse. People who are not kernel devs are indirectly being targetted for insane usages of system facilities. I believe most laymen might mistakenly interpret the email by Linux as being directed at Kay. Only the first two paragraphs have a direct pertinence to Kay. The rest is saying why it's silly that Kay should have to do the work at all. I don't believe Kay is traceable to Debian's almost-certainly longstanding use of dd bs=1 . Second, Kay's level of commitment ranks much beyond a "contributor" "contributing." He has volunteered to maintain subsystems, volunteered to maintain udev. He is running his part of the show, and is responsible for ensuring those realms are working ok. That relationship is far different than that of a contributor in that Kay has directly taken up a distinct responsibility to be on top of things. Third, I think it's funny and hilarious. I thought it was funny and characterful the first time I read it. And I'd misread it too: I thought it was all packaged against Kay, laying the single-byte read WTF usage at his feet. I didn't think, "Oh Kay, what a horrible unabsolvable should-be abortion! I hate him!," I didn't think "GAWDD this guy is so lame, fuck Kay!," I thought "there's probably some really freaky old code from way the hell back when that has some really dumb stupid reason for doing things in a safe 1 at a time way." Engineers are expected to have empathy. That's the core lesson of all of this. And empathy for happenstance, for the weird misconfigurations that have arisen themselves is the chief empathy our ilk endures and battles with. We have great powers but we are still tied to a shamblingly mortal system of seeming immortal and unchanging nature. The conflict of empathy here is not with each other, it is with circumstance and what has already accrued, and people who are actual makers all can relate and understand- Linus's rage is heavy here because the very bad very old reasons are things which dog us still, and all of us who push are healed by hearing the drive and push towards betterment and away from _that,_ (a non-specific, non-direct that-which-haunts-us, even in the case of /proc/kmsg now). Linux capabilities unlike shipping code don't get post mortems- this bad capability will soldier and go on. But Linus and others give us an outlet where we can empathize with the desire to get beyond, to be better, even as Kay stays up puzzling through seven headfuls of concerns to hack a path forwards. Fourth, here's Kay's patch https://lkml.org/lkml/2012/7/7/118 "Thanks, Kay" I WILL NOT DRAW JUDGEMENT EITHER WAY on Linus's choice of writing here. I think it foolish to have conviction this is or is not acceptable behavior. It's deeply human, it's speaking to his base, it's speaking to his true beliefs and assessments and his feelings and passion all, it's sharing a deep seated completely justified mortal pain. Could he have channeled all that out in another fashion? Perhaps. But the words you wrote sbilstein are hollow, mechanized, shallow productions: they are what a machine would produce. I'll leave it for others to debate the merits and disadvantages of the "professionalism" and "responsibility" and "respectful leadership" that must balance against the more charged and unrestrained tact Linus opted to take, but I would say absolutely that as an engineer I feel better about my own empassioned pitched battles with ugly reality by getting to see Linus try to channel his feelings and assessment out, not packaged for efficient mechanized high-compression high-efficacy conveyance, but as someone giving a shit about decisions and what gets built. I miss SodiPodi, with it being multiple-document single-toolbar'ed. Iirc this was the sole contention of the fork- Inkscape was born explicitly to have each document have it's own suite of controls. It's a little hard for me to understand what if anything this presents. At first I thought perhaps Protocol Buffers didn't have an RPC layer, and that this was bringing Protocol Buffers up to a comparable level of competitors like Thrift. Checking the Protocol Buffers docs though, I see they do already have services. Is this simply a consistent, cross-language looking interface for authoring/consuming Protocol Buffers services? What makes this different from other Protocol Buffer implementations? Are the dissenting opinions available? The FCC delayed this release, declaring that they were obligated to respond to dissenters and that they were going to hold off releasing until dissenters had written up their opinions and they could prepare a rebuttal. (This strikes me as a surprisingly sensible, all-cards-on-the-table governance model, rather than an ongoing media-frenzy feeding blow-by-blow release.) It pains me greatly knowing that Google worked hard to get a piece of this document dropped. Alas due to a lack of transparency and openness among the FCC and Google's discussion, we'll never have more than faint rumormongering to do here, but in tandem to "Broadband Internet Access Services" it seemed like there was to be another leg of openness, "Broadband Subscriber Access Services." Google not only got to know what was being proposed but got to get it dropped before the public had any idea what was under consideration here. http://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/02/26/net_neutrality_rules... To me it comes off as a denigration of the public by the FCC and Google, and the scant evidence about is hard to interpret as anything but subterfuge and sabotage done at the very last minute. A more transparent process would have been appreciated- rather than this "Government as a Service" model of building regulations and applying them, I'd like to have seen the FCC use some transparency and openness in their creation of these regulations to bootstrap regulations better meeting the public mandate. I expect most registered, official dissent is going to focus on the FCC doing too much, and that no one is going to dissent saying these protections fail to address core points. But gee do I want to know what was in the 15 "Broadband Subscriber Access Services" pages the FCC dropped at the last minute, and why Google lobbied to drop them. What we got with this FCC ruling is an arrangement between the ISPs and the edge. Or you might call them the pipes and the content. It's striking to me how little discussions of the last-mile were framing the debate, or how little consumer choice was taken into consideration. According to Wheeler, my interests as a consumer end at me not having my traffic biased. When in fact, most consumers are more interested in having choice in last-mile providers, or just paying less for their Internet connectivity. In short, I'm bummed we didn't get unbundling in the last-mile. I agree 100%. I was agape that Wheeler at least twice used his old company NABU as an opening shtick- a story about trying to create a competitive cable provider, but not having unbundling to pull it off; for him to transition into regulation instead of competition was comedically dissonant. As for actually undoing bundling, it's the courts. They decided that given that fiber investments were going to be costly, and given the threat that build-outs might not happen, the scales somehow tipped to allow them to overturn (on purely economic merits) the FCC's rules on local loop unbundling. Thus, we determine that, particularly in light of a competitive landscape in which competitive LECs are leading the deployment of FTTH, removing incumbent LEC unbundling obligations on FTTH loops will promote their deployment of the network infrastructure necessary to provide broadband services to the mass market. https://apps.fcc.gov/edocs_public/attachmatch/FCC-03-36A1.pd... , paragraph 278. Truly one of the worst, least well-structured Court rulings to have occurred. And worse, here we are almost 15 years in, with fiber no longer rolling out, and there's no structure or hope to revise this court edict made at a particular time balancing particular economic factors to demand a reassesment- the FCC's Triennial Review. On the bright side, I'm very happy that on the same day that the FCC announced Open Access approval, they also announced they were going to move to block states and municipalities from legally obstructing community and municipal competitors. GTOR to me seems to be about finding intents, looking at different signallings of thing or things happening across time. You state in the first paragraph that there's a clash with how GTOR views things, and you have three paragraphs prostelytizing for greenthreading assuming that I understood the initial clash you saw, but you've provided very little context to explain the "namely, [GTOR] confuse[s] intent (or abstraction with implementation" Are you getting hung up on the fact that GTOR talks through some specific apis for reactivity? You seem very much opposed to letting someone mention callbacks, prormises or observability? But GTOR is itself about mentioning these things so we can get past them and think of reactivity more generally. Yet you seem mired in your hatred for these concepts, in a way that prevents you from seeing that the article is about building effectful processing- having code or data whose effect is the running of other code, in a general fashion. And your inability to see that generalness, your forcing some weird diatribe against non-greenthreaded systems as all missing the point, is there rooted itself in confusing an implementation with intent, for surely blocking or no, concurrent or non, code and data will create reactions amid others. I suggest getting more into the categories about. Sometimes binding happens before event, sometimes event before looking. Sometimes event is singular, sometimes it's over a duration, sometimes it's ongoing- edge, level triggering and continuous. Sometimes event has concurrency sometimes it's over time. None of these don't make sense in Erlang or any other runtime, even if you might not see them expressed as first class constructs with apis, even if the reactivity were more baked in, as Erlangs send is. Most of all, I have a very hard time understanding what your clash really is. I feel very much I'm being sold something, but the first paragraph doesn't give me a clear idea of what it is I'm being asked to accept evidence for. Your focus on GTOR explaining techniques is madness. It's clearly not about that, yet you keep descending beyond the general in GTOR and into the specific implementations. You have some priority, some thing that has to be fulfilled, and you are fixated entirely upon this square-1 position and unable to see anything beyond that. I think if you could find the general, you'd see that your preferred expressivities- imperative systems- enact the same kinds of GENERAL couplings. Whether it's implicit or explicit, it's still a general conception and we have to think about it and have mental models that understand coupling/reaction. And those things GTOR does use in square 1 are fine. Your heavyhanded rejection of them is colosssaly sad and twisted. If a mental construct suits a problem and helps you think of it, that's what is important. The programmatic platform follows our ability to think, it does not define it, yet you keep insisting the cart must come first, that the platform has to be a certain way or else or else or else. FUD. FUD FUD FUD. It's using the references that everyone on the planet but those of your little cultish view know to explain general ways of thinking about things. Your unwillingness to see parity between the general ideas put forward because it's not your favored implementation reads grossly to me. Observers, contracts, data-flow are real, graspable concepts and if they closely model how you want to think about a problem then they are most definitely good concepts, and it's up to the platform to have good ways to express natural thought. I still have an enormously hard time decyphering the mad mess of shibboleths you toss out, activating your elitist trope of true beleievers (and I'm not a complete neophyte to your clique myself), but I am 100% sure, as I stated in my first paragraph, that all systems enact a coupling/reactivity. Control, whether it's explicit or implicit in the flow, is still the chief thing entailed in mentally modeling and putting into practice: this is unrejectable. In particular, your bringing up of the referential transparency doubles down on my prime criticism in the previous: you bring up points that you claim contend, but you provide no support, no structure where anyone but those already attuned to your brand of thought can get onboard with you. Your claims are uncontestable, because they are indecypherable. They claim a split, but don't deign to point out what that split is. That, culturally, is a big indicator to me. Your case rests around whether or not reactivity is a general thing or not, and I think it's quite clear we can find these concepts embodied in any system. There's still a defense of languages here, and I'm not sure it's due. You chalk up the efficacy of V8 as a delivery mechanism to it carrying portable knowledge in (already knowing JS) and it's usefulness as a general tool. There is a possibility that this viewpoint doesn't leave any room for: the possibility that languages make nearly no difference. Perhaps people are savvy, and interested in more complex things, but the various languages and platforms don't bring any concrete value. Instead of being a function of how widely-ranging people's interests are, it's instead a question of whether anyone is actually making real tracks away from a center, a center whose nebulous nature is only permitting the forging of false distinctions in. Rather than marking time by languages, perhaps it's more interesting to mark what we focused our language use on? I like how JSON-LD lets one embed many resources inside a document. And there are plenty of good preludes to this recent emergence: Soundcloud wrote about how they used an instance store 3 years ago in their clientside to extract all relevant models, and push them into an "instance store" where anyone else might find the data when they need it. https://developers.soundcloud.com/blog/building-the-next-sou... What's really exciting is an expressive model that allows code to state what dependencies it has. The transport and fulfillment of needed data- what intermediary stores the data gets to and how pending views are signaled availability- is a more mechanistic, rote, already faced task, albeit one that each company seems to tackle on their own. The step further- declaring and modeling dependencies, is what makes GraphQL an interesting capabilities. Soundcloud's 3 year old blog post is a good reference to show that "instance stores"- these clientside object database services- have been around for a good while, and can be done fine with REST as easily as without. For the most part companies doing EE work seem to rely on the big three companies making EDA software to do tech development. On the web and in app development, there's a far greater variety of technical bases to begin building atop, and a lot of web fundamentals that have developed culturally (rather than out of scientific or mathematic bases, where it can be clear your tools are helping). A sometimes seen result is that those communities of developers that are "well served" by platforms perhaps "shielding" them from the sticky intertwingulated overwhelmingness of choices and protocols and systems often can't relate, don't relate to the wider body of codecrafters. Ability to harness the best or biggest slices of culture well is a huge part of programming, and that requires more than being really good or really smart: it requires a will and energy to chase, and to always be chasing, keeping yourself unrooted from what you merely know or how you've done it. That doesn't justify a bimodal view, because there are certainly all kinds of ways people come about to programming, but I think in programming it really is different- since everything is made up and abstract, we're still figuring out general shapes. It's all a social milieu, and it requires paying attention to establish and keep authentic roots and identity, roots you'll need to contextualize what it is you do and what's coming down the pipe. Calculating impulse response is a hard task, but it has a mathematical fixity with no compare to the computer arts we use. It's also been an extremely exciting time watching programming's recent decades. So there is some elitism of simply- why haven't you been here, enjoying the hell out of this? I think it's ok to feel that inside in a general way, I don't think that can be stopped or avoided, but how we reconcile that with the world without falling into the abundant moral hazards, how we still be good- it's doubly hard to reconcile yourself when the feeds are rife with people berating and assaulting tech culture, when you can get lost in these other people fights. As a programmer, keep an open mind and accept many types of people as peer. As a person in the world, keep an open mind and accept that programmers are still quite high on some cyberspace utopianism and a precambrian-esque explosion of capabilities, and that just as much as you feel alienated by them, they feel alienated that a wider world excuses itself from recursing the depth and breadth of what enraptures the techie. 'The weirdo is just as scared of the normal person as the normal person is scared of the weirdo' React is supported by a ton of goodwill from a lot of camps. What you offer here seems like some particular experiences you had. To say it's a best practice because it explains your world feels to me laden with folly. Linking a particularly wishy-washy state v.s. props article in core docs as if it's the final gospel- reeks of finding easy convenient idols to call out that make you sound better- it sells your article with a notion of completeness, declares a kind of finality. Nearly every point raised comes to me more as a question, a thing we have some rough anecdotes to tell, rather than something actually informative or much less definitive. I'll just start walking down your article's core bullet points. Use componentShouldUpdate well: yes, do. You'll know why you should, quickly enough. State v.s. props is a great point, but then you need both declarative managed injection via props to initialize or control, mixed with a transient stateful interactivity when the user begins free interactions. Early experiments in "best practices" are efforts like React-Controllables, trying to create components which are isomorphic to state v.s. props driving them. Everyone is doing their own experiments with how and where data lives and how and where it gets there. That's the nature of webdev, experimenting with pipes. Some cursory words on Flux in your article indicate how vastly unresolved and mysterious the ???->data part of the webapp equation is. "We're experimenting with something Relay like". So way Soundcloud in 2012. Best practice: use react for the next step, data->html. Best practice: wrap the most boring boilerplate css with your own react components. Oh great, just what everyone needs to go do. Recommendation is to not rely a lot on css, but how, if not global, do we start sharing some style rules effectively? It's disingenuous to offer this as settled "be balanced" best practice, particularly when it's still the hay days of excitement, with new encompassing visions like https://github.com/petehunt/jsxstyle/ just popping up. Lovely work! We ask for the commit we want and connect to a node with BitTorrent, but once connected we conduct this Smart Protocol negotiation in an overlay connection on top of the BitTorrent wire protocol, in what’s called a BitTorrent Extension. Then the remote node makes us a packfile and tells us the hash of that packfile, and then we start downloading that packfile from it and any other nodes who are seeding it using Standard BitTorrent. The disadvantage here is that any given file in the repo could be stored in an ever increasing number of packfiles. Each existing version of the repo will generate a new packfile to get it to the newest version, and it's up to the authenticated masters to generate and seed each of those packfiles, while peers either do or do not cache these replicated datas. In short, this means of syndicating updates ignores the Merkle-DAG-ness (DAG-osity?) of Git. The un-updateability of torrents is something that seems to seriously limit it's use. There are a lot of interesting attempts to hack around this- LiveStreaming and Nightweb are two that spring to mind. https://www.tribler.org/StreamingExperiment/ https://sekao.net/nightweb/protocol.html Great to have. Alas it relies on a central system of record, is just a feed that can be re-fetched. The 'originator' key is probably worth standardizing around for any future approaches, but using PEX or the DHT to notify the most recent magnet uri or what not. Simply signaling new Magnet URI's would have the disadvantage Gittorrent sought to avoid: resyndicating the entire contents with every single change: a killer for things like the Linux kernel or projects like Debtorrent. Git's merkle-dag avoids this problem, allows multiple concurrent versions to share the bulk of the content-indexing, and best-of-all-worlds solutions would preserve this capability. It's rather painful that they don't seem to have any design docs up for their HTTP transport, leaving it to things like FAQ entries to explain these details. This was my first thought too- grpc does this. Surface Hub == Big touchscreen TV, computer, MS Windows, true or false? Is there more to it than the packaging, and is this the only way to get that "more"? Spark SQL, with their new Catalyst optimization, is real time compiling their queries into code (assembling Scala quasiquoted fragments into an AST, compiling that). No ridiculously awesome GPU backend here, but some of the same general kinds of tech- compiled queries. https://databricks.com/blog/2015/04/13/deep-dive-into-spark-... http://people.csail.mit.edu/matei/papers/2015/sigmod_spark_s... I'd tend to think most pg'ers would want to use their everyday pg tools to setup their db's. For most, that's going to be command line tools, which sounds like what you are not having fantastic success using. If embedding here-documents inside scripts isn't to your liking, perhaps you should either separate out the seed scripts and cat them in, or have your app-server take on more responsibility for seeding. Systems like Liquibase used by Dropwizard are an example of a more formalized way of performing initial seed, an example of something that might be more what you are looking for if shell scripts are proving difficult to operate. Cap'n'Proto (& by extension Sandstorm) very much intends to allow references (capabilities) to be passed around, which is in direct conflict with the "#1 and in bold" on this list, gRPC being "first-order", which I think the author is saying means that systems have to marshal all the data to communicate. This is discussed- in relation to Sandstorm- in a Sandstorm blog post dating from last December. Other notables- the post mentions CORBA explicitly, and it discusses persisting capabilities (anti "First Class" objects extreme if I'm reading OP right). https://blog.sandstorm.io/news/2014-12-15-capnproto-0.5.html Such as if you are ZeroConf networking with someone in the same area. The need for such a protocol is to promote interoperable serviecs. Websockets just sends data around, but with protocols like WAMP it's possible to build routers like Crossbar.io[1], where a bunch of backend services can talk to a front-end box that communicates with clients; it's the Vulcand (a HTTP message router) of WAMP world. And that's the thing... websockets is terribly un-web: it doesn't talk about resources, with addresses, it's a glaringly ambiguous pipe that could have anything. Forming a websocket does do a content-negotiation pass, but there's nearly no concensus for what to expect. And this is an early contendor trying to give Websockets well known content forms to talk. Not just well known, but resourceful, addressed content too. Whereas with HTTP, we've had a long long history of creating interactable public APIs, this is something WAMP has to create, because Websockets is anti-web. [1] https://github.com/crossbario/crossbar Can't take an existing object and compose on new functionality. That seems like it ignores a huge chunk of what makes JavaScript great. I did a quick fork with this gradual enrichment capability, but a lot more work would be necessary to get it across the line, to a mergeable usable state. https://github.com/rektide/stamp-this Perhaps the Swift conference end of October? Coupled with the amazing NeXTBSD work that's spun up, I've found myself surprisingly excited about what Swift might become. You might consider posing a little more substantial a warning if you're going to leave it publicly. Your comment on the flagged comment doesn't leave much context for anyone else coming to this. I'd be pretty shocked if the under the hood didn't get some small subtle boosts. There's no incentive for them to advertise this though, I feel. Nation that can't launch (human-carrying) rockets launches paperwork. Potentially illegal violation of international law paperwork, at that. This gives me so much hope that we might begin to grow better mobile user-agents. I know FF has had extensions ongoingly, but this really feels like it can challenge mobile Chrome's unmoving rejection of extensions. Sometime between the start and the end, there's often a mandatory burn it all down step required to more fully satisfy either (2) or (3). Watching hundreds of MB of data getting written to my HD for an apt-get update makes me 90% certain that Debian indeed needs to burn it all down. To their credit, they started really early. And burning it all down seems to be an increasingly better option for purely extrinsic reasons; the late mover advantage keeps increasing, and better and better options keep emerging. A LMDB-based refactor perhaps? This is probably a pipe dream, alas: Debian developers must have a hundred different programs that all build and extend forward the original "make it work" technology, to make it survivable. And that's really my final counter to your cute linear notion of ongoing improvement: the mold is set, and there are dozens of things bound up in what has happened. Doesn't support tabs, can go DIAF. :-p Or jump in a lake, you downvoting sourpuss sissypants you! Recently went to check, after a >1 decade break. The man page is 5000 words, tons and tons and tons of options. No tabs though. Edit: apparently this feature got added last May! Just waiting on my distro now. Sweet! https://github.com/htacg/tidy-html5/issues/108 131b revenue in 2015. So, at 1.3m, a 0.001% fine, aka half a minute of revenue. Interestingly it doesn't directly fix the problem either (although it wrecks the current free-profit model, yay!), "To settle this matter, Verizon Wireless will pay a fine of $1,350,000 and implement a compliance plan that requires it to obtain customer opt-in consent prior to sharing a customer’s UIDH with a third party to deliver targeted advertising" But lest anyone think this is a UIDH prohibition, the next line goes on to say customers must at least have the ability to opt-out from internal Verizon usage, meaning the UIDH will be there (unless the customer opts out) and that a persistent, unique identifier that follows the user wherever they go is permitted. This ruling is primarily about Verizon sharing the targeting information: Verizon is still permitted a persistent attack on their users, but they are now only permitted to sell customer data on an opt-in basis. Ad-networks will have to do their own tracking themselves for everyone else. Hopefully Verizon's profits from this schtick are shorn from this shift, to a degree where they give up this disgraceful corpoate panopticon they've been going to the bank on. Hey kid, I'm not interested in whose take is right, but your accusation that I'm wrong is wrong. It's arbitrary, and either pick is just someone's pick- there's no certain way to decide what to track against. Picking revenue or profits is meaningless, either is valid. I would say, to my defense- if a company is in the red, would a violation mean they get a negative penalty? So is there a linear fee = rate * profit + base penalty, or is it not a linear fee structure you are supposing? I don't see why a violation would be tied to performance, frankly, but I also would not try and argue that you are "wrong" either, it's just not how I would figure it. I'd also tend towards thinking the choice of a 0.0010% revenue fee, if we want to be accurate about it, rather indicates that it was indeed picked against revenue, rather than merely coincidence, but again I wouldn't claim to be right or that people who wanted to figure it differently were wrong. Attention, attention please: parent here again. Thank you all for the upvotes. I was, however, wrong! Thank heavens! I got in touch with the media contact, and he reports that the wording indeed means Verizon is no longer allowed to UIDH 3rd party sites. I'm very glad to be wrong here. :) Thank you all for your support, and I'm sorry to have spread misinformation so far; it was not my intent! There does not seem to be any intent to make the Thread protocol itself public. Interesting situation, where the codebase is open but what it's supposed to do is still proprietary. By all means most people would do well to pick up Innovator's Dilemna! Wikipedia also has pretty good coverage of Clayton's Disruptive Innovation theory (what most of the book discusses) directly as well: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disruptive_innovation#Theory 'Letting your company get chased upmarket,' is a pretty good synopsis: yielding ground rather than trying to get competitive. Clayton talks about the steel industry as a common example, with big "integrated steel" companies not adopting mini-mill tech that allowed for lower capital investment costs, and a big price reduction, first at some quality limitations to protect high margin integrated business, but with the low end market ongoingly overtaking more market up until they "won". I am curious though- Intel is still charging ~$281 for your run of the mill, very boring grade laptop chip. In some ways, it seems like their obstinacy is finally proving it's payoff, even as they abandon market segments. Which is both how disruptive innovation continues to happen- with the low-level market getting eatten out from under them with Rockchip and MediaTek chromebooks, and perhaps gaining more ground- but it also seems to have proven to some degrees how effective their protectionism has been, that they have not had to get competitive on laptop pricing. Making chips Apple would've wanted would have put Intel at a remarkably different price:performance scale than what they've stood on. "Gasse's point, as I understood it, was that Intel couldn't see past it's self imposed margin requirements" And I think Gasse is dangerously ignorant to the basic fact that new Apple chips, even with less advanced fab tech, are quite competitive with chips Intel sells for $281. Core M is somewhere in the same field performance wise, and M's are frequently priced the same as the vastly larger ultrabook cores that themselves only offer incremental gains. And the A9X's vast GPU likely applied much of the pressure on Intel beefing up it's Iris, just to stay competitive (with a hat tip to Apple's colossal drivers/software advantage that no one else has). http://ark.intel.com/products/88198/Intel-Core-m3-6Y30-Proce... http://ark.intel.com/products/90617/Intel-Core-i5-6442EQ-Pro... Among other things, it means the final nail in the coffin of hardware accelerated web video on Linux, after Chrome disabled then removed it's working browser implementation. https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=137247 libdill's development is much more recent: started january 11 (6 months old), 384 commits. libmill is "Go concurrency in C" library and is significantly older: end of April 2014 (2 years old), 992 commits. For example: Acer Aspire V Nitro was onsale from Newegg for $650 recently. 15", i7-4720HQ, 1080P, 960M, 8GB ram /w one slot open. Haswell era but that just makes me want to see a comparison all the more. The really nice thing about this unit is that it has dual M.2 slots (for if you want to throw absurd NVMe at it) and it has the new Thunderbolt (so you can plug an expensive external GPU enclosure on it). Either one of these paths will cost you that $650 purchase price again! But there's nothing else out there with this kind of performance density, carry-ability really. (Perhaps until the xb1s?) I love Fogus's take on 100:10:1. As opposed to this highly linear ever-winnowing flow, Fogus uses 100:10:1 as a way to keep a list of spitballed ideas, a list of things he might want to work on that all have sincere promise, and one thing picked to focus on. Instead of being process driven, focusing on getting one thing done well, Fogus lets himself switch among his 10 picked items. The 10 is a way to swap out when interest wanes. 100:10:1, my approach to open source- http://blog.fogus.me/2015/11/04/the-100101-method-my-approac... This process speaks to me a ton (a whole lot more than Nick's rigorous phased development process). When my attention and care for an interesting, creative project wanes, I can either dig in my heels and try to make myself code, or preferably I can switch to some other promising piece of development. Having a deck of other ideas decreases the context switch time- when a project is in a lul, there's already other great gems prepped, and one of them can re-inspire me. Quite the contrast. I wonder how much of it is due to Fogus's focus on developing open source software, versus Nick' focus working on physical board games. I really hope upstream node_exporter is happy adding new exports! Still slowly hacking on my homelab Prometheus bringup, but I've already got a start developing a battery level/power supply exporter. By far the most important Node information I want metrics and alarms on in my developer life! https://github.com/rektide/node_exporter/tree/export-battery Almost went with a standalone Node exporter, but I decided I'd try some Go, and tour some of the Prometheus codebase. MustNewConstMetric is a very confusing thing to me, but hopefully I'm on the right track! Feeling double-inspired to get my homelab Prometheus up and going right now, between renewed excitement for these exporters and the 1.0! So close! I tend to think this means that the objects ought have a manageability and reality unto themselves, and be portable and manipulable beyond the application. Instead of objects being a structure inside of a single process that manipulates the object, objects are general entities that exist broadly on a system. All things on the system use a neutral messaging format to talk to objects, getting data or asking for the object to run operations. Same thing as when Mailgun introduced their (open source) templates- a company claiming expertise in transactional mailing that seems entirely unaware of Schema.org markup. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8173520 https://developers.google.com/gmail/markup/ Cortana has a huge amount of schema.org integration. Yahoo is onboard but I have no idea what they do, whether email factors in to what they do atm. I'm insulted Google is whitelisting schema.org markup. Their guidelines also mandate that you already send hundreds of messages a day, which is hostile as fuck and disgusting. That's incredibly poor plutocratic bullshit handling, and flies hard in the face of what the web is. What a pity. Gee, it's almost like computing is better when it's ubiquotous. More than being about lots of different applications, targeting narrow or large modes or modalities of user experience, computing seems most powerful when core concepts are free from preconceptions of UI and UX. Looking forward to some standardization/interop coming out of this. There's Presentation API[1], which spec's a web API, but that still leaves open the question of coordination between a controller (browser) and display. Chrome's working on it[2], and I'd guess would target Cast, so web pages might be able to request their own casting, but it doesn't seem like anything other browsers could compete/cooperate openly with atm. [1] https://www.w3.org/TR/presentation-api/ [2] https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/list?q=component... Really appreciate that Intel's been working on a Miracast receiver for Linux. Been super sad that Linux has been so far behind on the Miracast & Wifi-p2p fronts. https://01.org/wds Cyan4973/Yann also is well known for xxhash[1], which is one of the faster hashers[2] out there. Post a new hasher and people will probably ask about xxhash (ex: metrohash[3]). Guy is an absolute machine. If you search Google for 'zstd' right now, you'll find him, not Facebook, namely: https://github.com/Cyan4973/zstd . Glad his work is being supported by someone now! Immensely well deserved, after so many years of helping make everyone fast. PS - I didn't know a lot of the terms you used, but the Finite State Entropy (FSE) link you provided does a good job intro'ing some of them, and the linked paper Asymmetric numeral systems: entropy coding combining speed of Huffman coding with compression rate of arithmetic coding [4] (ANS) seems interesting. [1] https://github.com/Cyan4973/xxHash [2] https://github.com/rurban/smhasher [3] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9613098 [4] http://arxiv.org/abs/1311.2540 I strongly tend to think the hard part is community, making a practice. I believe that we could optimize around the kind of practice spoken here- having flyweight objects, with little depth to them, few captured functions- believe is possible and doable. It's a very mixin style architecture, but more about structures than what a lot of focus is- methods. We are struggling to figuring out the answers to what you are challenging here- finding broad architecture, evident correctness, general maintainability, patterned readability- it's all hard. I tend to think the actual decisions factor in little though, that only at Facebook scale to mixins- particularly data-centric ones, rather than function centric ones- become hard to practice well, intra-organizationally. And different patterns will have some different balance. But overall I think it's mostly exposure- the good, advantageous patterns need leadership and example for them. Most advantages are portable, but take practice to borrow. Having your flyweight have a length property on it is not going to be a serious barrier to any of these ideas- architecture, correctness, maintainability, reliability. your side. I really really like the ideas suggested in this article- use a flyweight context, don't capture functions, don't nest. It's fast, bleedingly fast JS, and many folks could emulate and practice this, and not complicate their lives, and spread a practice that is fast. Nasty, ugly, closed. Prefer: normative, specified, open. Gimme Physical Web, please. Which has a mdns protocol- it's kind of funky tbh, but at least your not enjoindering yourself and your users into a silo. Yeah, very much. Some basic dilligence with a somewhat even set of cells will probably be harmless. I would not be afraid of that kind of homebuilt power-store, if some decent practices are followed. (But you should do your dilligence & check to make sure all the cells remain ok, as you start using this pack!) This... this is an hellish unbelievable nightmare, is asking for something to go wrong. It is certianly possible to invest the time & effort to balance the hell out of such a chaos-pack, but for one's own sanity, using normalized cells will save a lot of sanity & rework, and drastically decrease risks of catastrophic f-up. Don't do like this person! Do build weird electric systems though, unlike OP's way too broadscale doomsaying fear-mongering. There were a not-insignificant number of companies who tried setting up build servers &c on PandaBoard & found the units failed fairly quick under any kind of sustained use. AFAIK BBB, although more limited, best I know remained reliable. You've conflated USB 3.0 with Type-C. Many many people ship USB3, many of them being fairly low cost wifi routers, but yes, they use USB 3.0 Type-A connectors, the big rectangular ones. I'm also generally unconvinced the Type-C scaremongering is real. Difficulty now is high, costs are high, but it still doesn't seem as impervious a barrier as many people intone. Current ferry, Ampere, is 2 x 450kW (600HP) motors, 1000kWh of batteries, and makes 34 trips of 5.7km. Aluminum. NICE! http://www.ship-technology.com/projects/norled-zerocat-elect... 960 Pro has a 5 year warranty, & ought basically live forever; that's why I'd consider paying the premium. At high queue depth, it seems like the two are pretty close. At lower queue depth, the 960 Pro often looks to be 50% faster or more. (Based off the storagereview link in comments) Reminds me of & compares decently against a post on how people deal with the media in China: https://medium.com/@xuhulk/watching-the-election-from-the-po... You have talked about everything but what the parent was mentioning- actual cache. As in, L1 and L2. Those vary sizably among the different price tiers, somewhat understably, for reasons related to this. On recent IBM Power chips, there's a so called PowerCore option that turns off half the cores, and lets the remaining cores double their L2. On some workloads that's a net win. I also tend to think it's there for those people paying a pricey per-core or per-socket fee, where a modest 15% performance gain/core could be very rewarding in a way that scale-out/more-cores can't replicate, but that's in a different realm than anyone I know. I liked this part of perl so much that I recently rewrote perl style substitution in Node.js. Used as an executable, it functions largely like perl -p -e: https://github.com/rektide/perls The aggregated benchmark numbers are total bullshit, a complete rip off & insultingly anti-useful. This is serious propaganda, total malarkey. Who knows which of those games can use how many cores? Who knows how the results from various games get aggregated together to produce the "98%" result. I struggle to think of a less informative way to leak results. The only game in the aggregated results that I strongly recognize as being built for multi-core- what Ryzen is really firing shots across the bow at Intel at- is BF4. And I'm not sure how scale-out it goes- 4 cores, 6 cores? I have no idea how these other games scale- Far Cry 4, GRID, AutoSport, X3:TC, Witcher 3, Anno 2070. I'm pretty confident at least two of them don't scale well across cores at all. It may not be how games are built now, but in the future, we need to have the expectation that good games scale out, and part of the problem with setting this expectation has been the huge premium Intel charges- the exotic status it sets- for many-core parts, and AMD seems set to put a huge amount of performance on the table for very little cash, if game makers are willing to keep up. You're a moron. That's not in any way what I was trying to refute. Benchmarks are great! These are however a crime against all respectable benchmarks ever. By aggregating all the results together, we have no idea how to tell whether it's just some games that the processor doesn't do well with, & we have no idea how to find out which types of games that may be. Your willful disregard for all the points I'm making are an insult to the inquiry that any decent benchmarkers would do- we have to know what games do ok and what games fail to begin to make a pattern. If only old, ancient single core games suffer, & suffer badly, so be it. If all games are a little bit under par, ok. But we need something other than the terrible aggregated synthetic mess of a "benchmark" that is presented here which gives us no idea where on the spectrum this processor lies. This benchmark is a sham and bullshit & could not work harder to prevent any kind of meaningful conclusion from being drawn. I'm a huge fan of the work here & strongly strongly believe in file-system oriented architectures. Being able to use a wide number of existing "server side" libraries in the browser could be a huge win. And this has interesting server side applications too, where one can use the same Node.js code but target diverse & interesting backends & overlayed systems. Having a virtual-fs is an incredibly powerful and useful concept. "Everything is a file!" still sounds like a great idea. Alas BrowserFS lacks Streams support. Given how async oriented and streams based a lot of new JS tends to be, that is a huge sticking point for me, and a glaring exception that will rule out using a very sizable number of existing packages that otherwise would benefit greatly from BrowserFS. Issue 124, Support streams: https://github.com/jvilk/BrowserFS/issues/124 As an alternative: it lacks the flexible, pluggible/mountable backend of BrowserFS, but level-filesystem does do streams, and can be run in the browser (when combined with level-up): https://github.com/mafintosh/level-filesystem Final aside, I always thought it would have been cool if the virtual file abstraction that the Gulp build tool built - Vinyl - had started getting used outside Gulp. Theres no file-system model, just a file model here, except for implicitly in that files have paths, but with some mapping one can imagine making something like BrowserFS or other with the Vinyl model. That said, I think John has done a great job with his rigorous, TypeScript-ed object model in BrowserFS. https://www.npmjs.com/package/vinyl Here's to hoping #124 - Streams Support - sees some progress. Great library John! For those new to Doppio, it's a JVM in TypeScript, useful for ex for running Java code in the browser. :) This story goes through a play-by-play of the bad sectors for MS mobile over the years, & broadly concludes that MS didn't push hard enough or didn't embrace hardware soon enough. I find it boring and ignorant and not contributive in how it puts each step through the wash and then makes a broad generalization of what MS ought of have done, which is unsubstantiated "dream big" koolaid. MS never had a chance. They had no apparent technical choice but to ride their historical platform's success into the new mobile world, to reshape the interface and APIs that had served them then into new ones that would build a platform. That didn't exactly fail, but the platform was as ancient decrepit and unappealing to outside developers as it got, and a rough start for hardware makers. The article places the blame on MS for not making hardware but even if they had better hardware offerings it's hard to imagine the software side of things- app makers, app store buyers- having taken off. Where were the kingmakers- the various software developers willing to put hard work into an app store that would barely pay out- willing to invest enormously in a platform with few competitive advantages, a small market, and the most aged platform around? Was there anything technically exciting about the software stack to lead devs to it? Were devs going to get broad expert wisdom from using the MS stack? No. MS software platform has been an unsophisticated, isolated, lonesome base. There's been well over a decade of C# and a consistent decade of that .NET platform having F# as the one lure for devs that want to feel better about themselves. MS at least tried to get JS devs somewhat on board, but it was still far shy of the sophisticated olive branch WebOS had held out. The general unappeal was furthered crippled by IDE demands- for the longest time and probably still today MS assumes it was ok to have Windows Phone developers have Microsoft OSes. A massive number of devs escaped to OSX long ago to run web-oriented OSS, and the legion of Linux has remained unphased over the decades now: neither had much enthuse for picking up MS toolchains, for regardless of how good they and their IDEs are or what merits they bring they've always been distant worlds from the normative baseline Linux that the biggest segments of software development (web development) target and ship on. > Perhaps the biggest reason why Windows Phone (and later Windows Mobile) suffocated was that there was a vacuum of consumer enthusiasm. If one is asking the question, why did the platform fail, this is an inadequate response. No one buying it is a symptom of failure, not a cause. I've suggested that the reason no one bought the platform was because there was no software for it, and there was no software for it because everyone had already had 20 years of Windows development and thought it was A) pretty technically boring by now and B) that those skills wouldn't translate into the pertinent money making skill of building "master-server" software that actually runs the internet and makes all the money (Google, Facebook, &c). The Windows Phone platform had no draw for the developers. People are only interested in what the platform brings them, and one of our primary senses of how vibrant and useful a platform is is having good stories showing ongoing progress for the software launched on that platform. MS could never create that story by themselves, no matter how well they made the platform and how much software they built for it- the sign that a platform is doing ok is when it is widely and independently developed for, and the way to draw developers into that is to either already be a huge cash cow or to make yourself hugely accessible to existing software development sectors. WinJS wasn't a complete failure in accessibility, but it also wasn't seamless and doable enough for the Macbook and Linux crowd, who have been busy getting sizable paychecks building web-apps for a long time now. For everyone's information: GNU Social/OStatus is also known as the Google Buzz protocol stack. Weird twist of history how GNU ended up covertly becoming this federated protocol stack. OStatus is an open standard for distributed status updates that references a suite of open protocols including Atom, Activity Streams, PubSubHubbub, Salmon, Webfinger, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OStatus Activity Streams is new, but the rest of these were all Google Buzz protocols. https://sites.google.com/a/going-buzz.com/tech/developers/un... As weird a twist of history as it was that GNU so readily adopted the Google Buzz protocol stack, it's far more bizarre how completely undocumented and unmentionable this legacy is. It's a pity that Salmon is an awful practically SOAP-like opaque envelope, because I rather like everything else here. But stuffing really good content inside a base64 envelope is really not ok with me and my expectation that casually working with a format shouldn't make me want to claw my eyes out. Language designers are indeed often un-dogmatic about the language. The tool builders in Go however have built a very structured distinct practice of using Go that forces one to remain in dogma. Go is rather unique in how much Go-tooling-specific tooling knowledge one has to have to even begin writing code, owing to it's deeply inbuilt sense of workspaces (GOPATHs) and it's strict directory structure. I really think this is a great post, and emphasizes a strong danger in adopter culture. But I do also think Go, in particular, is rigorously dogmatic in it's tooling. To good effect, in that anyone can come to any project and understand some basics, but the workspace decision is really hard to reconcile with the project-by-project view of the world that most language tooling assumes. FWIW this came after a long long period of the DNSOP working group throwing hate and venom on this form of hithertofore non-normative DNS use cases. This was a very hot topic and it seemed like absolutely no progress was going to be made making this happen for a long time due to the DNSOPS wg. I don't have good citations- would love to gather them again- but it was only after other IETF members started questioning the absurd rejectionist behavior of the DNSOP working group that this changed, and the .onion draft was allowed to get due status. I can't think of any case in IETF history of a draft being so hotly denied and rejected. Very interesting story, look forward to someone telling it better than I. This ( creates a new APIs ) I feel is very much at the root of many people's dislike. But it's also exactly what was most important for advancing star-nix. Historically we've had very little for managing processes. Start stop restart is about all we get for public interfaces, and they all involve shelling out via system(). The entire rest of the computing world has gotten immensely rich and powerful and grown. It's grown because there have been APIs. OpenStack, AWS, Kubernetes- once other applications start depend on the API (as you say) things start getting really good and powerful. The API makes it usable, gives the thing having an API programmability. Process management has not had a decent API until systemd. Now we can write programs that watch for units being started, watch for them failing. Everything, the whole world, suddenly has a consistent well integrated API. It's appalling to me that people would disfavor this, when the past has been a bunch of hand jammed /etc/init.d/ scripts with varying capabilities and little introspectability. I agree that being non-Linux is absurd and unfortunate. There really can't be that much special sauce that was relied on. Umass-PLASMA group has systemgo which is an interesting alternative, imo. https://github.com/plasma-umass/systemgo Sadists. The Pi's choice of picking one of the most egregiously unsupported and anti-open source CPU cores was absurd. The people doing the absurdly hard work of taking up the slack that the Raspberry Pi Foundation created from this pick AND the RPI Foundations complete unconcern about the situation and open source at large is to me beyond belief. For a thing that purported to be an educational platform, this situation ought never have happened. At the time at least the low price of the decrepit old core was a good useful competitive advantage, I can acknowledge that, but it remains revolting to me that the #1 cheap Linux system is the spawn of some ancient horror Broadcom dropped with ghastly documentation and unsupportable drivers. But congratulations. For some reason people have kept the march of progress going on this beast. The RPI3 is rated for 24GFLOPS which is 1 more than a PS3 cell processor. It's been an unbelievable amount of work to get anywhere near unlocking the unique video core to get anywhere near there, but people keep pushing, so good on them. I still think it's a mistake for volunteers to work so ridiculously hard to build drivers for a core whose maker has contributed so little, spent so long releasing even basic docs, and who implemented so many really weird abnormal subsystems, especially when it was originally atop such an ancient core. But I am sincerely impressed and it has been amazing work slowly wrangling this abomination into order. Oh my goodness how right you are. I'm very sorry! I should have checked this far better. Again, super sorry. I believe I was unintentionally citing that a single Cell SPE is 25.6 GFLOPS: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cell_(microprocessor)#Synergis... I still use a lot of the Marvell Kirkwood units I had from 2009 or so. My first was a OpenRD board which was I think like $160, but there was a ton of low-end NAS & other gear. My favorite unit was the Iomega iConnect, a simple unit having a plush 512MB flash, 256MB ram, 4 USB ports, gbit ethernet, and an Atheros chipset, and could be had on ebay for $65. Havent had any running for a while, but for a good while these were all over the place. iomega iconnect: https://wiki.openwrt.org/toh/iomega/iconnect The Kirkwood was fair. 1.6GHz ARMv5TE-ish cores, custom architecture, but sipping data through a 16 bit DDR2 channel. I had hope that Marvell would progress and keep it up, but they seemed to get harder to find and harder to use and less supported and only show up in some random Android STB as the years went on. But this is the basis I had during RPi's 2012 arrival. Still flush with hope, of decent upstreamed cores, & it seemed rather like an unfortunate step back. That said, I was buying for twice the price of RPi while only paying rather discounted ebay prices, albeit for consumer goods with wifi, flash, cases, & warranties. I'm still not sure what I'd point people to today if I wanted to suggest an alternative. The good work done in making blobless rpi happen, in building good upstream drivers has been incredibly impressive. I do wish Freescale had better recognized the need for low cost boards. Now a days, Atmel's SAMA5D3-Xplorer board has really good upstream, great peripherals, Arduino headers, and has fantastic power consumption, but it's three times the RPi price. Uggghhh I meant masochists. That's a... very unfortunate mistake. As I said already in this thread (RE getting the GFLOPS way wrong), sorry!!! I meant masochists. Thanks for questioning. three GUI libraries is basically my view of C#. MS kept designing APIs and kept throwing more things at the platform, hoping for something to stick. The result felt like a massively over-inflated platform with all manners of solutions no one else uses. I was around when MS was inventing a new take on ASP.NET twice a year (MVC, Razor, &c). I'm still super not a fan of the base runat='*' GWT imitation, and would easily suggest Apache Tapestry as a far more consistent and usable set of tech for people wanting seamless server-powered webapps that also does Ajax far more cleanly. At the time I was using Jayrock to eskew the rest of the platform & do some basic RESTful JSON services, which seemed very low on the priority list in favor of the mixed GWT-alike full interface building in C#, with deep ViewState magic, and I'm still not sure where if at all C# and ASP.NET's sweet spots are when you want to do your front end in JS. There's a lot of table stakes you've mentioned, and my experience is very historical, but what it felt like watching it happen at the time was that a lot of the platform was an attempt to clone other existing technologies, while not rebuffing older MS users, resulting in constant compromise and shifts as the previous stance proved insufficient and in need of amendment. You've listed some very nice, well implemented technical things the platform has (that a lot of other people have versions of), but what is most impactful for a language is it's standard library, is the platform of APIs it offers, and while the core C# language and structures are pretty good, there's a huge amount of historical baggage one has to wade through to understand what platform APIs are good and useful and in use and which ones one is better off avoiding. It's been a long time since I was in this world, so perhaps some of the newest ones have finally gotten everything right, but the base model- especially for webdev- felt grotesquely off in every permutation, already doomed by desire to keep dragging yesterdays coders and backwards compatibility forward as it tried to make an ok future. Can't find any information whatsoever on usage. Not even sure if this meant to be externally accessed or whether this is purely for embedding (in other Rust code?). AKA lol Angular. Curmudgeonly amusing that a team in charge of ads on the web builds a product that requires so much care to make something as basic as the link continue to work. I really like that it has a user-mode incarnation that looks in ~/.immortal. One of the things I really enjoy about Master Control Processes is having a well-declared place where one can expect to find a manifest of processes. While I'm interested in considering this role of the router's wifi, I also feel like it doesn't take very good wifi to keep a speed test going 50 Mbps. The author also mentions that their comparisons are done in cities, which are places populous enough such that it might be neighbors or people on the street using the Comcast Xfinity WIFI network via your router. It might be other people clogging channel time on your router's wifi, or it might be other people clogging the cable pipe! Didn't see any other mentions, but turning off the public Xfinity hotspot is the #1 thing I'd try. It's a courteous service to leave open to travelers, but I wish there were some visibility to the home user about how much work it was doing for outsiders. Disabling guide: https://www.xfinity.com/support/internet/disable-xfinity-wif... Not a great take. Your bias that rickshaw == poor isn't kind either. But I agree that the inference shown isn't a good one. There's a lot going on in this article, from a lot of different ends. One of the big tensions (among many) that I'll focus on is rootless containers. Frankly it's a bit silly to think containers are useful when you need root on every system to use them- do people on academic systems simply not get the ability to use containers? As we move towards multi-tenant, "hyper-converged" systems (things running lots of workloads), figuring out who/what to bless as OK is a critical bottleneck, one that needs a lot of trust. So the idea has been gesticulating around of "rootless" containers[1]. There's a lot of recent excitement and work- @lordcyphar has started a dedicated website for the idea, https://rootless.containe.rs [2], which gives a broad status overview of the pieces. The "runc" alternative to docker merged rootless recently, after a year in progress[3], and recent work focuses- as the article hints at- around the filesystem side of things. He's building orca to build oci standard images, and although strongly hinted[4] I'm not sure how exactly that factors in to supporting rootless. [1] https://www.cyphar.com/blog/post/rootless-containers-with-ru... [2] https://rootlesscontaine.rs/ [3] https://github.com/opencontainers/runc/pull/774 [4] https://twitter.com/lordcyphar/status/849951277744181248 Not totally sure what BaseX is, how it compares versus Base64, especially post HTTP deflate compressions, but I'm not sure I like it. I'm pretty sure this kind of exercise is better left out, and that everyone should just use zstd on whatever encoding so as to decouple problem domains. Round two of skepticism: msgpack is a niche player with no clear big corporate sponsor. Protobufs, flatbufs, and thrift are all actively making faster better quicker implementations, but I can not off the top of my head think of any major msgpack lovers. Avro also seems to just generally have some fast impls already, especially on platforms I care about[1], so credit there too. I ought review, but out of hand I can't think of anything distinguishing about msgpack. Definitely nice having some alternative to Salmon protocol[2] (as in Buzz, OStatus) on hand. Alas I believe it's again fully encapsulating, versus say http signatures[3], where the signature is decoupled from the payload. It takes both types!! Neither is right. [1] https://github.com/mtth/avsc/wiki/Benchmarks [2] http://www.salmon-protocol.org/ [3] https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-cavage-http-signatures-06 Which of the three query languages are you having trouble with? All of them? MQL has been around a long long time (2006). Gizmo is new but based on & very similar to Gremlin (2009). GraphQL is the newest (2015). Did you try them all? Or is one in particular rough? Google long ago released Snappy Start, a tool for snapshotting processes, saving the full state to disk, so new instances can be launched faster. This is a more general Checkpoint-Restore capability than V8's impl and a bit different, but definitely somewhere in the same field of computer technology. https://github.com/google/snappy-start Yeah I probably should have lead with CRIU. It's been a longstanding ongoing project of excellence. A lot of people who work or worked (unsure of breakdown) on OpenVZ have been cranking on this for many year. Work from the CRIU crew started getting upstreamed almost exactly four years ago, breaking some initial resistance to the tech needed for CRIU- https://mobile.twitter.com/__criu__/status/58727373960931328... https://criu.org/History It's interesting the breakdown in sell- CRIU is a swiss army knife of a tool, whereas Snappy Start and V8 Snapshots seem targetted and marketted largely towards fast "initialization" concerns. I'm basically obligated to reply to a long long list of mudslinging and disfavorment on your part here- section by section: 1. You randomly talk about BaseX ad nauseum but brely mention what I was actually critical of- it's advantages vs base64. I still have no clean picture why not base64, like everyone else, which would serve the exact same needs. 2. You just finish talking about compression then slam me for mentioning compression as a relevant factor. 3. You criticize deser speed as not important, say decryption will dominate. But while the message format may be competing with PGP it's inner payload is msgpack and I expect inside the firewall systems to have canonical text as msgpack, and performance is relevant. But I didn't initially grok that msgpack is the inner payload, that the BaseX text is the normal messaging format. 4. You try to pull some technical distinction nonsense about msgpack being just a messaging format by talking about how competitors also have other stuff too, while also being a message format. I find this distinction in bad faith and believe most techs could reasonably see there is way more overlap than differences. Your advantage ends up rather accurately being "msgpcka has fewer features" and chalk up the advantage as some nebulous political one, while ignoring the fact that Thrift is owned by the most reliable open source org on the planet Apache whereas Msgpack is just some rando project. 5. You obviously don't know what Salmon is for. Your decision to focus on some apparently unrelated technical things that it corresponds with ignores that it is a (XML)signing format for arbitrary content. HTTP and HTML have no bearing on what Salmon Digital Signing Protocol is, yet you harp on them to draw a false contrast, and as usual you refuse to acknowledge that there could be some bearing or relationship that I had validly called out. I'd like to better understand some of your valid points, but some of your arguments seem done in very bad faith and there to argue rather than explain or demonstrate. I have a hard time understanding how I can start to reconcile our two point of views with what you have written. Slide 22 of this powerponit, Mike explicitly calls it Gaisler's Method. The term he uses "Structured VHDL" comes next slide. Hmm. I thought that 2.5Gbit was going to be a single channel. It appears the final 802.3bz spec is 4 channels, basically a 10Gbit at lower clocks. I didn't expect this. Would be interesting to know more on the tradeoffs between the two approaches. How much silicon does four channels going 1/4 take, and using how much power, versus a single higher speed channel? > With the forming of the IEEE 802.3bz draft standard under the patronage of the Ethernet Alliance in June 2015, the two NBASE-T and MGBASE-T Alliances are forced to collaborate. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2.5GBASE-T_and_5GBASE-T#Histor... I would not expect much/any existing 10Gbit hardware to interop. Found three rather boring very technical concerns to harp upon for what Microservices are supposed to deliver and why they're not the bee's knees. What microservices actually work towards is a viable strategy towards the Two Pizza rule, where teams can be kings and queens of their kingdoms & drive their own agenda forward without needing to consult with everyone else working on the monolith. Containerizing your software allows containerizing your culture, keeps there from being ancient legacy top-down hierarchical culture and praxis set forth long ago and which will dwell ever on in the monolith your whole company must collectively lurchingly keep trying to push forward. Free yourself from the more brutal pieces of Conway's Law. Create an organization that can continue to try new ideas, that allows team's freedom to work without always bumping elbows with others. At the end of a somewhat different thread amid these comments, gloverkcn happened upon a wonderful synopsis: The problem is that it's easier to grab the people sitting next to design something than scheduling a meeting with groups you rarely see. This is a key driver of Conway's law. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14416752 Microservices & their platform infrastructure are the answer to make this not a problem, to free you from tight organizational grips of Conway's Law. For small and new companies, technical and organizational structuring has not accrued. These are not major problems in early stages, because everything is small enough to be changed easily anyways. But as time goes on, as software or head count grows, maintaining the liberty to ongoingly innovate and pick up new ideas and new technologies is a liberty that has to be fought for. Making your way from a 1->many service organization comes with a lot of complexity and cost, but it is a key step to allowing diversity and innovation and technical growth, particularly for multi-department organizations. Good call out, great. To speak more directly to that particular section, I focus on saying you can't decouple people or systems socially without decoupling them technically. Trying to upgrade from Netty 3 -> Netty 4 (like Twitter Finagle had to do) in less than a big bang? Say hello to remarkable levels of pain and suffering one has to do, probably shading one's own Netty and pointing other dependent libraries at that shaded version. No matter how much decoupling you try to build into APIs within your monolith, trying to get the thing to build and ship together forces a co-interactivity of teams, coheres everyone to common technical underpinnings and which exposes all folk involved to any of the technical risk attempted by any one team. Decoupling may allow some modularity, some ability to replace X with Y, but it's will always have to be done within a common framing, a common framing that as the project grows will become immensely harder to un-stick and push forward, will be much more resistant to experimentation & great leaps forward. Any software project has so much diversity and risk budget associated with it: a willingness to innovate technically that depletes with use. Even if you "decouple" you monolith, if everyone has to build and ship together you are going to forever be bound into deep interdependencies. Trying to update a logging framework or trying out a Reactive Functional Programming is going to encounter vastly more resistance when you're working on the same sandcastle as perhaps hundreds of other devs, dozens of other teams. And if it is low resistance? Well then you're in more trouble- your monolith grows boundlessly, with everyone being exposed to the rapidly growing risk and diversity that other teams experiment with. Isolation, containerization, is a good defense. I think Conway would approve. Apologies, paragraphs above are a bit thought soupy- havent the time to edit. I've been keeping radio silence on these because it seems like many Chromeboxes are no longer in production and I don't want to impact availability, but yeah, these things are very impressive. It's a little more difficult to work with than most PCs because they come with ChromeOS with runs Coreboot. Thankfully Mr. Chromebox has done a bunch of work building UEFI and legacy boot bioses packaged with friendly install scripts - https://mrchromebox.tech/ - but it's still a bit of work. It's really a very interesting effort- earlier this year he started working on upgrading the firmware for the embedded controller too. This definitely weened me off my crushes for HP thin clients & the AMD embedded processors. Interesting systems, but the price point even in secondary markets stayed pretty high, especially given the modest performance. Back then the small but very competent GPU was a decent differentiator, some old units are probably still better than many of the Chromeboxes (which from experience I can say need more GPU muscle to do an adequate 4k). Consumer/commercial mini-PCs continue to show up and come down-market. Given how good $400 laptops are (really astoundingly good), it's hard to imagine the mini-PC market keeping what seem like it's plush margins intact. The pressure to go down-market is big, and frankly it seems like a cost saving measure to sell smaller PCs than bigger ones- as consumer adoption increases I look forward to seeing competitiveness among small PCs growing. Oh a repost of some shitty awful posting that got taken down. Probably because the author eventually developed some modicrum of shame at his incredibly awful posting. This person starts off by engaging in standoffish cultural warfare, trying to raise the readers hackles and key them into conflict: 1. asserting his awesomeness of never having used any scripting language ever, 2. raising the most absurd straw man he can of developers raised entirely on reductionist memes and buzz of how he takes other people's views, 3. lording about the fact that there are no types and how stupid anyone could be not always having types, 4. dropping the questioning kid meme to set the stage then saying he quit that job. Ok so everyone on every side's emotions are properly stoked to ride this no-brakes shittrain to it's steaming conclusion- here goes-- 5. blaming the boss and Node for all the performance problems at that company he quit, 6. going further up on his high horse by saying node is slow but at least it's not other big software systems many people use which waste yet unimaginably more power, 7. goes on to wrap up the dick-swinging jock-bro competitive mindset shit show game he's put on to amuse himself with by dragging out a zero work benchmark for maximum attainable requests/second that doesn't reveal even the most trivial facts about what kind of concurrency he's using for clients or what kind of response time's he gets as that scales up. he cites uws as the shit, which btw, is being ported to Node & results in sick f-ing speed up over native http libs, These type of people are gross and vain and awful geeks you should avoid them and their unscrupulous techbro braggadocio chasing bullshit ways. Oh by the way have you tried Go? I hear it's good. It might be intending to express that informal dress keeps people overconcerned with dressing standards at bay. Informality is a refusal to compete. Pity that cellular data is way too expensive to compete with broadband, cause I tend to think it's the best chance. The world at your age seems like one filled with marvel and wonder, and the age seems like it could only be getting better. It won't. The world is small, and few people can keep up the glint and gleam. Technology becomes propped up by massified consumerized systems, only experts get to play, and creativity wanes. It's up to the very very few to band together tightly with the other hopeful would bes and to build, not a future, but an active boisterous present, one they are satisfied living in. Build your own means, and share, radiate out to the world, be a beacon for other individuals creating and being creative with the high tech they craft and fit. I'd be interesting to hear more on what manual window arrangement means to you. It's not obvious to me what you are indicating. I'm pretty sure writing chained commands would be 2-3 lines of Lua. You're welcome to keep waiting but I invite you to dip your toes in & see what it'd look like. I rather suspect you'd find a community interested in helping you chase your dreams. No need to be bystander and follower on this one. Reminded of MITRE building a very affordable ADS-B unit for small aircraft, to help promote flight safety: https://www.mitre.org/sites/default/files/pdf/07_0634.pdf Eventually got commercialized as a $2000 unit but I somewhat recall the idea was to target a sub-$400 upgrade to drastically enhance air safety. Interesting to me that someone whose tagline is "bon vivant" on their blog is so bold about making sure business always remains strictly business, even when it's consuming the outer ends of your hours. The mere possibility of a man and woman having personal issues is enough to say that we can never allow intimacy with co-workers, that alcohol is too dangerous for work environments. Maybe that is "good" but if you are going to be spending so much life at such a big task it doesn't sound like a good life, imo. I want to be good at what I do & enjoy the world with fellows and fellas also into being good. Neither work not the world are enough unto themselves. I like the end about signalling. Merely being in some situations corresponds heavily to a willingness and interest to go further. Sure ok. Trying to contra-indicate though- I feel like that's what's not great. Trying to get through to an intoxicated person isn't always as direct as it should be, and we're all often so hampered by our want to be nice, to not displease anyone. Making more ambient contra-indicators available- how sexually interested we are in the world at large perhaps- could perhaps provide adequately de-personalized broadcasting. While it's reciprocal how much we are interested could also help those single folk wondering whether it's ok to approach. My NetworkManager still takes multiple seconds to connect to wifi, and that's definitely the same pathetic DHCP behavior. wpa_supplicant is super fast. Modern Ubuntu (17.04) is still stuck in this ancient, lethargic world. It's presumably built around WiFi Aware, which is cross platform, but the WiFi "Alliance" (owners) won't tell you what it is or how it works or how you can make use of it. So this is what we get. 100% agreed though. IMO is poison and a major regression from where things stood- barely working wifi p2p- since it doesn't make any interoperability affordances/offerings. But less and less do we have personal computers in the home- the PC is being converted into a dumb terminal, a screen and keyboard, with all the real brains on the other end of the wire. More generally - wrapping the actual content in an encoded envelope was a horrible awful design that was actively hostile to anyone interested in working with the protocol. What it grants is the ability to sign any content. Which is a pretty important friction point to get past. But I still really don't like it. ActivityPub is in. It is almost certainly the path forwards for Mastodon. https://hackernoon.com/mastodon-and-the-w3c-f75f376f422 As per the article, Salmon was usually a inside an RSS feed. The real twist is that it was all created as a set of standard, open social protocols to power a social behemoths new product- Google Buzz. You are a grade A asshole. You ignore all the potential for discrimination in selection, & promote this vicious nasty bitter competitive view reinforcing stereotypes you want to believe in. This is disgusting and disgraceful, and you are the scourge that keeps the score so uneven. Shame shame shame on disgusting you. The culture surrounding the job has enormous impact on who signs up. It's not inherent that tech jobs have to be like they are, but finding a better path could take a long long time. It's IMO scum and villainy willing to chalk it up to gender imbalance while not considering that it might take large scale sociological change, perhaps over decades of time, to gradually make our system better. Trying to be gender fair is only a small part of building healthy, good workspaces- there's many other systematic evils that need rooting out, and I'm not sure why that's not apparent & considered before making these kinds of gross discarding remarks. A big list of libraries one has to install is kind of intimidating, yeah. But them's the breaks. What seems particularly offensive to me is that it declares that it specifically requires GCC 4.9. I'm really not OK pinning your brand new impressive world changing open source cloud technology to a compiler release series that's 3.5 years old. It looks either staid, or uncaring, or otherwise dull to have slipped to far behind the times, and it's intimidating to think the codebase is complex enough C or C++ that it really matters a whole lot. I like the idea of a federal government that creates avenues for voters in multiple states to work together to pass measures that affect all affected states. We see a gross form of state's forming supra-state policy in the National Popular Vote Interstate Compact, but with NPVIC each state is working on it's own to pass the compact, each state it's own independent stakeholder, whereas if you want to get DC, MD, and VA and other local regionals voting to fix WMATA, I believe there needs to be some supra-democratic structure the states can form. Spring desperately needed some remote interfaces to the engine to let external debuggers attach & tell you what was what. It keeps track of all this data, & you can find out what's in the various object containers if you ask really nicely with a lot of code. If this had a GUI, I think it would be an enormously sophisticated & elegant way of dealing with systems. Alas now it's a fright. "However, the way it is used, particularly what I believe to be a misguided attempt to do "full stack development" is really terrible." I'm not sure what way you believe it is being used? This article is 100% correct & vitally crucial. The FCC's justification for repealing net neutrality is completely bogus statements that it's directly your ISP that gives you the capability to blog, search the internet, share documents, &c. Paragraph 27 of the FCC's "Restoring Internet Freedom Notice of Proposed Rulemaking"[1] is basically an ode to how unbelievably ignorant and useless this Republican FCC is, a demonstration that everything that's about to happen is a complete sham based on ridiculous misinformation- "We believe that Internet service providers offer the “capability for generating, acquiring, storing, transforming, processing, retrieving, utilizing, or making available information via telecommunications." Whether posting on social media or drafting a blog, a broadband Internet user is able to generate and make available information online. Whether reading a newspaper’s website or browsing the results from a search engine, a broadband Internet user is able to acquire and retrieve information online. Whether it’s an address book or a grocery list, a broadband Internet user is able to store and utilize information online. Whether uploading filtered photographs or translating text into a foreign language, a broadband Internet user is able to transform and process information online. In short, broadband Internet access service appears to offer its users the “capability” to perform each and every one of the functions listed in the definition—and accordingly appears to be an information service by definition. We seek comment on this analysis." My comment? You are dumb, worthless, terrible human beings, who clearly have no right to any seat in government, who clearly are actively working to blow smoke up the American people's ass. You can't possibly actually be this stupid- you clearly are a bunch of crooks, fundamentally and for perverse ends creating the fakest most unbelievable of cover stories for your incredible capitalist sell out. None of what is described is the work of an ISP. Every little it of what is described is a thing your ISP gives you access to, by virtue of your ISP being a dumb pipe to the entire internet. Anything else that my ISP does is a mis-service and endangers my access to these capabilities the terrible-republican FCC so handily outlined. But you wont listen to me, or the other good Americans who wrote in. You've made a disgusting mess of the democratic process & solicitation for comments & shown zero desire to make right the ridiculously huge number of forged, fake comments that were submitted, resisting congressional & state attorneys inquiry. You won't listen to anyone. You've made up the most nonsense, fake, unbelievably inconceivably bullshit & wrong fairy tale for how the internet works, & you're using it to pass some disgraceful handouts to a couple big businesses that will stimmy the competitive nature of American technology investment (since companies will have to barter with each & every ISP) for years. Chairman Ajit is a little turd, smearing himself all over this poor situation. What an unbelievable deceiptful disgusting and transparent fabrication he's made. this TechCrunch article is correct, but not nearly bitter enough. The FCC is completely unhinged. Ajit is a lying sack. [1] https://www.fcc.gov/document/restoring-internet-freedom-noti... Talk about all the buses you want. What I really really want to hear about is the chargers that make it possible. Give me maximum MW rates and rates for how much each station can crank out in total. Good use case, because damn is it easy. It's ~2 miles, inside a pedestrian corridor (one of the few in America, alas!). A modest size battery pack would go quite a ways when you barely hit 10 mph (16 kph), at least if there's a solid regenerative brake. I do wish the persistent config file enhancement had a significant chance of becoming a reality. https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep/issues/196 I understand alias'es and wrappers fine, but I like having the environment have some way to contribute. It's just my simple preference. There's also the related #314 which makes even more sense- per project configuration. Sure would be great being able to download a project & have it already setup nicely for ripgrep! https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep/issues/314 An ideal one. Like, platonic ideal- because it doesn't exist. That greatly ideal. I don't know why I care, other than even the super cut down perl being a sizable % of the install size for some of the very small systems I've worked with. Wow, cool. Thanks burntsushi. rg is already amazing. This project really has gotten an enormous amount of love & effort from you & it really shows through & through. Your implementation of the gitignore algorithm is crazy impressive to me. As Wyden[1] points out, Congress has nearly no information on what impact the FISA program has. How many Americans are targeted already? The military refuses to answer Congress. How many emails & other collections are swept up? The military refuses to answer to Congress. This bill explicitly allows it's use directly against Americans and declares which circumstances the FBI & other agencies need to use warrants and where these agencies will now be permitted warrantless access to FISA collections. "Abouts" collection has a direct means to being permitted again. Ever use the word Benghazi in an email? Ok, all your communication might be wiretapped from now on. If the FBI ever wants to investigate you for something non terrorism related, something totally unrelated to Benghazi? No problem. Maybe- in some cases- they MIGHT need a warrant. Just Security had a great writeup[2]. This bill is a travesty, especially given that Congress has again and again asked for some information to inform them about how FISA is being used already, and the military has stonewalled and stonewalled and stonewalled. That congress would radically expand these powers, let them now directly target Americans, and would allow the FBI & others access to this program, after being continually rebuffed, AND would make this program unable to be challenged in court- it's the pinnacle of madness. It's complete dereliction of duty by congress, and one of the saddest moments of cowardice in the US Governments history that we'd stoop so low. [1] https://www.thecipherbrief.com/column_article/dont-pass-surv... [2] https://www.justsecurity.org/50801/house-intelligence-commit... It wasn't kicked down the can for many years, because it wasn't known! It was a quietly authorized program Bush signed off on & that the DoJ authorized & no one knew anything more about. Congress didn't know any more than we did about it until Wired began writing up the program in 2012, a full decade after it began, talking about the massive massive data warehouse in Utah that the NSA was building with details provided by William Binney. And it wasn't until Snowden's 2013 leaks that the government really had to admit to what it was doing, had to fess up to the STELLAR WIND program, & that forced the creation of a more "regulated" system, supposedly protected by the as-we've-seen rubber-stamping FISA court. The government has been unable to regulate or consider this program, because it's been concealed & shadowy for a long long time, and could well have remained that way. Now Congress actually has some responsibility to the American people, and sadly, in spite of unbelievable stonewalling & unwillingness to disclose how many Americans, how many emails it sweeps up[1], in spite of terrifying provisions like "abouts" collection, Congress is somehow deciding that drastically expanding the program's scope & using it for non-terrorism purposes is OK. Congress is insane, completely derelict from duty. I don't really disagree. Bush, Obama, and Trump are all kicking this can down the road. But for Congress too to be soo willing to kick this down the road is really a shock. And you're exactly right. When FBI Director Christopher Wray gets up and says- encryption is a problem- he's far far less credible & we have far less chance to meet him part way, when the government seems so happy giving itself such unlimited unaccountable spy powers. Math is the only defense we have against this catastrophic, out of control authoritarianism, and we're not very liable to abandon or dismantle that shelter, when the US government seems unwilling to develop even an iota of restraint. I'd also point out the other tension: the US government is placing itself just as much at ends with Europe and the rest of the world as they are the technology world. The EU's Privacy Shield ongoingly takes issue with the US's seemingly ever growing 702 authorization to spy on everyone[2], and the question of revisiting the data-sharing arrangements that make much of it possible keeps coming up. The US was running on borrowed time as it was. This radical expansion of powers in this new 702 bill are only heightening the silently growing crisis. Congress and the military seem entirely unwilling to strike any kind of balance, seem unwilling to get even basic facts on what the size, scale and impact of the program really are, while increasing it's scope and scale. This is an untennable position, and I thank you for doing a really good job highlighting a lot of the irresolvable tensions the US Government has created for itself with this unaccountable unquestionable seemingly unlimited program. [1] https://www.thecipherbrief.com/column_article/dont-pass-surv... [2] https://techcrunch.com/2017/10/18/eu-uses-privacy-shield-rev... If a senior Senator from the Select Committee on Intelligence says he has been unable to get even preliminary, basic information on the impact of this program from the military, I for one believe him. The recurring narrative sounds completely correct & shocking & egregious. It sounds like the military is operating completely out of control, with no oversight, because the Senators in charge of oversight say they can't get even basic preliminary information. Your statement seems dangerous and misleading @willstrafach. If the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence gets nothing, not even basics, something is deeply awry. Who are the cleared representatives? Who has gone and asked serious questions? What does Wyden, who cares deeply, need to do to get whatever clearances you wishfully suggest as magic remedy here? This is fradulent bad misdirection @willstrafachs. It's all suggestion, with not a shred of backing to it. It's an unacceptably bad and insubstantial reply to one of the most serious, can-kicked-down-the-road the longest issues, a terrible spectre still haunting us from Bush II years. This issue seems never to have been at all handled at all properly, since it's inception, and things are still fast & loose, the basic measures of oversight & responsibility seem deeply obstructed. That's a threat to Democracy, and it constantly throws into peril American trustworthiness under essential programs like EU Privacy Shield. I'd think most people would realize that having a society raised by loving, caring, well-adapted parents would pay off in the long run. I certainly think it would be in my best interest to have my future fellow peers raised well. Now, maybe you REALLY want to stare into the void and declare that the decisions made now won't affect your life, won't change your peers. I guess that's your right, but that's not how my societal calculus functions. To me, this is a bargain for maintaining an upright, well functioning, positive society. "We Must Fight Even Harder Against Trump's Authoritarian Impulses Now That We've Voted To Enable Them" is another true to life, accurate Onion article. Obama administration certainly made no effort to correct any of the Bush DoJ authorized spying programs, until Wired and then Snowden forced some kind of response, resulting in FISA. Which seems to be a star court that refuses to answer any questions from congress or deny any request. https://politics.theonion.com/pelosi-we-must-fight-even-hard... It's a shit show everywhere. Very very few congress-people seem to have any backbone what-so-ever. Ron Wyden of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence is one of the only people that seems to even try to ask questions, and he is shut down and denied by the military at every turn. https://www.thecipherbrief.com/column_article/dont-pass-surv... Coincidentally I'm sure, Saudi Arabia has recently awarded the first contract for their $500b city Neom: https://www.argaam.com/en/article/articledetail/id/527290 It's the place where doesn't do anything at all. I'm curious what examples there are of TC39 saying no. How many proposals have been withdrawn, ever? That's a pretty low bar for review. Looking higher: are there examples where TC39 has agreed that the quality of a submission was high enough, but where it has decided the feature is not a good fit for the language? I feel like TC39 is letting anyone with an interest in adding to the language do so. It may take a long long time, may require a lot of technical back and forth, but I feel like ultimately, once the proposal can meet the technical demands required, TC39 will approve the new feature. A lot of really good things have happened. But I also worry that the language is out of control. Features like pipeline operator or the new smart pipeline operator are daunting and scary capabilities that would make JS vastly less approachable. I don't know if TC39 has the means or spirit to be able to say no. And at some point, I feel like we need to have some cool-off time to experience what is. We've done so much, so fast. A moratorium on reinventing the language, giving everyone some time to get over the culture shock of it all, and time to practice and learn and experience, so we can collectively learn what the real issues are before carrying on the rapid, fast expansion- it seems in order to me that we have a moratorium, a break, at some point. We also dealt with an old MooTools having an incompatible implementation of Function.bind: https://github.com/mootools/mootools-core/issues/2473 Old MooTools is a huge problem child, and did a really bad job being forwards-compatible with their monkeypatching. They took the half measure of only monkeypatching things when there was no implementation. MooTools eventually got it, and changed their monkeypatching behavior to be more aggressive, such that problem like what we have now wouldn't be a problem. And they kicked out a minor revision to the older libraries, to use this more aggressive monkeypatching behavior (at least for bind. dunno about others?). Agreed fully: there is no reason to change the js spec for now. MooTools made forward-compatibility incredibly difficult for themselves, 8 years ago, but they spent a bunch of effort trying to un-dig themselves out of the hole since. It's unfortunate, but monkeypatching core JS in this manner was really un-advisable and irresponsible. you're quoting ljharb's hardlining. ljharb is a sociopath. he's playing policeman & bossing people around on some power trip. he thinks he gets to play the savior of the web & plays all high & mighty & snaps at any one who doesn't fall into line. I don't find that they add anything. I feel like they make it harder for me to do a coherent read of the screen, to suck in all the text & process it. I have my own mental algorithms to pick out relevant things, and having a bunch of glaringly contrasting blocks of color glaring out of the terminal at me just makes it harder to slurp in the screen. I don't want that segmentation. It's awful. And the color themes for the terminal are godawful. No matter how you spin 16 colors, how solarized or other, everyone is kind of chained more or less to that attrocious 16 color pallet, which is always going to be way way higher contrast or low-fi than something like a vim theme that can pick some complementary colors to work with. Colors feel like my terminal punching me in the face. No thanks. Also have you ever logged into ubuntu? Holy shit colors were a TERRIBLE idea. I'm ok letting the old die, actually, but Vulkan needs to happen else Apple's native platform is going to be left holding a bag of shit & reliant almost fully on WebGPU for anyone that doesn't want to spent millions just on their apple port. This spec should be rebuilt from the start to extend http://cloudevents.io . Shared, assembleable components is a dream shared by good projects such as Node-RED and the Sugar desktop environment. There's a lot of rethinking what an app is that's necessary to get to a more "lego" like system, where things snap together & work together via common, regular interfaces. It requires throwing out a colossal amount of the user-experience work we've done, & finding broad top-down principles & systems that serve and guide & place & route the individual components & their connections, which is "some seriously next level shit". https://nodered.org/ https://wiki.sugarlabs.org/go/Getting_Started Get a light cheap laptop with a great display - maybe a Chuwi Lapbook 12.3 if you really want to go #lowend - and spend those $2000 you'll save from not buying a ghastly expensive laptop on cloud resources to do your research right, and at a scale you'll never be able to achieve with a GPU or three. SESTA & GDPR just did. I'm generally in favor of the ideas of GDPR but these countries are all imposing ridiculous constraints that crush & quell the very small would be's & gdpr especially is vulgarly pathetically unilateral. But SESTA is truly vile. Some safe harbor is required & the US fucking wrecked it. That China wants to rewrite is a comedy compared to what the west did in two thousand fucking eighteen. Lordy lordy do have mercy we got proper fucked by the rules rewrites this year. Google offering no ipv6 networking options in their cloud is one giant dick of a blocker. Screw this. Immoral awful cataclysmic prevention of us getting better at #ipv6. Wtf Google. https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/35904387 828 open issues. 20 pull requests. trying to orchestrate complex control over all major os'es. uggh what a nightmare. long time user, it's always been great. runs most of my home. absolutely invaluable. i'd love to see standards, a mouse & keyboard & clipboard standard protocol emerge some day. "Cell carriers to stop sharing real-time cell phone location data[... to literally everyone]" more like. Verizon will still supercookie the fuck out of you though. Your physical location data may be slightly more secure, but you are DEFINITELY for sale EVERYWHERE on the internet with Verizon Wireless. The Stars My Destination was great. It might just be me but I'd like to see what folks who liked it thought of Robert Heinlein's Citizen of the Galaxy. Central Station by Lavie Tidhar is an amazing charming story of a world deeply steeped old sitting baking world where new things are coming about. It is charm & delight in the purest & simplest. Spin by Robert Charles Wilson. "Robert Charles Wilson is a hell of a storyteller," said Stephen King and this wonderful tour through time and space, humanity & people's lives is incredible. The Quantum Thief series by Hannu Rajaniemi is open, scenic, wild, & so so vivid, one of the most beautiful worlds I've ever visited, & it reminds me so much of a joyous wild swashbuckling run. The mystery of the main character is enchanting. Infoquake series by David Louis Edelson is a gripping suspenseful rise of a star entrepreneur that redefines and radically expands the world, amid an already boisterous & full & busy beautiful world already overflowing in seamless technology everywhere. Although the plot line whips along with some suspense & tension, the scenery and the voyage is incredible. Lathe of Heaven by Ursala Le Guin could quite easily, quite simply be the best first contact story story ever. Touching, and sincere, & simple. This world is not bright and shiny but her writing and the bonding of characters is incredible. See also the rest of the Hainish cycle. Left Hand of Darkness also by Ursala Le Guin is a shifting chaotic shizmatic tale, about picking our fates. "Well, I did it through dreams. Phil would have done it another way. But yeah, homage to Phil [K.] Dick is right." - https://www.wired.com/2012/07/geeks-guide-ursula-k-le-guin/a... Fallen Dragon is an early & involved Peter Hamilton adventure book. There's leaving home, & space ships, more space ships, bad guys, fighting back the bad guys, bigger ships, and action. There is A LOT going on, all the time, & violence, but damn this book comes together into something incredible, & telling, & powerful & strong, something that easily makes it my top pick for most-underappreciated Peter Hamilton. Diamond Age by Neal Stephenson, which I'm providing largely as a counterweight to the Snowcrash & Sevenses recommendations here. Diamond Age is much less dark, and way more a fun tail about an incredible & mysterious primer for a young lady. Sirens of Titan by Kurt Vonnegut. All Systems Red series by Martha Wells is a underprivileged barely coping robot dealing with the humans she hates having to talk to & a shitty planet trying to kill them. Simple, fun, some action & violence, but the main character is a total hoot the whole time with more loner/zero/drop-out attitude & spunk than anything I've read & it's unbelievably charming. Lords of Light by Roger Zelazny has more style, pizzaz, & spirit than I feel like any of us deserve. An interesting, storied tale from the post-singularity, with a remarkable & robust cast. Illium/Olympos by Dan Simmons, are, in my mind still the clear winner, far above Hyperion. The cast is charming beyond belief, stumbling through a world they both know all too much about & far far too little. Some really incredible worldbuilding here. Rainbow's End by Vernor Vinge. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE A Fire Upon the Deep . But Rainbow's End really is our planet, sometime not far out, and Vinge has the most tour of this next place we're headed, with threads, and annotations, and group chat being the defining new technologies of humanity. And the tale of the misfit happenstance adventurers who wind up ensnared in the plot line is a fun, roving hoot of a journey, a wonderful second chance at a coming of age story. Medusa Chronicles by two of my favorites, Alastair Reynolds & Stephen Baxter is probably my favorite exploring the solar system book, about a guy/robot a bit apart from humanity that really wants to see what the local area has to offer. A lot of high tension conflicting societal impulses that our somewhat aloof lead stumbles through, on his personal mission of exploration. Lots of interesting robot philosophy & very varied elements of space come together with the characters to make an incredibly fun space epic, set in a delightful & intriguing alternative history Other's recommendations I'd +1: Dune (but super heady material), The Stars My Destination (brimming with class & substance), Mote in God's Eye (some of the best Space Colonial Marines style stuff out there), Accelerando (and Iron Sky and ... overflowing playful scifi), Blue Ant series (dripping with style), Foundation series (and much more Asimov!), Zahn's Thrawn Trilogy (simple direct exciting hunt for treasure in Star Wars), Fuzzy Nation (fun tale) Yeah. The OS to host this is, at the moment, called Fuschia. Definitely definitely definitely targeting low mem devices. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google_Fuchsia I dunno. I've worked with a bunch of different ARM chips and each one's workflow is "build a kernel, build an initrd, then use this magic tool to get our boot ROM to load it" and that's always been gross & dumb. I'm not necessarily cheery about ACPI in practice, but ACPI & UEFI in theory provide some kind of substrate to manage the platform, that's not just whatever the engineers are some shop cooked up this time. oh man the formatting on this. i want to read! but the two columns are overlapping. I increased .w0 width from 800px to 1000px, And .x5 and .x6 padding-left from 400px to 460px. Reading ok so far. Ugggghh. Cowards. Right to repair, please!!! In a better world this would immediately trigger an open source release of the software both on the robot, and the server side systems that run it. Not that users necessarily could re-engineer all those systems, but it'd give them some means to start to continue to meaningfully own the item they by rights do own. Balls in Android's court to deliver some kind of p2p connectivity that works beyond Android2android. Can't happen soon enough. Stop playing with yourself & start doing real computing, Android. If there's a standard for this new thing, apple can stuff it. "Those pedestrians ain't gonna kill themselves" https://mobile.twitter.com/mattmanning/status/11670737616837... What a dumb reply. Webrtc works on the web for p2p ok. But how do people in the same area transfer files with each other? There are huge rendezvous problems webrtc comes no where near addressing. Christ you have a lot of salt in your panties Your inability to see what is offered is remarkable. You seem only capable of spreading petty & superficial greivances. Maybe you really totally missed the whole point of the thing by honest means but more likely it seems you're trying to be mean, & picking small points to gripe over. Open your mind, bro. Huge supporter of USB-C, but the premise is a joke. Dual chargers are only just starting to trickle out! Few laptops have >2 ports. How many people even in the tech realm have any idea what USB 3.2 Gen 2x2 means? (dual 10Gbit connection) The cost of implementation is really high & relies on way too many chips to achieve anything. Few SoC have USB-C built in. It's gonna take a decade before this becomes at all regular. It'll be in products, but it's still exotic to work with, & only doable along very narrow paths. That's the pace we're running at. The need to do good bold things has gone way down. The need to understand the machine has gone way down. I'm way more concerned with that. Longer term, how SWE is supposed to maintain itself & train new generations when the field looks so homogenous & we are so well served is a prospect that does keep me up some nights. On the one hand yes there's tons to explore, so many promising futures. But I would like to keep an open mind about works like this one. This is work that could beget all kinds of neat things! Systemd targets Linux, where as this is a bit higher level & might be portable to other environments. It allows other people to not have to create their own process management systems, not have to create their own init system. The recreation brings the availability of the giant's shoulder to many many more places, distributes it's promise to really new & interesting targets. Modules are the piece of js that never ever happen. Lovely post! Here here! I've toss in cap'n'proto & surely others who let you write messages that talk about still outstanding messages. Still short of referring to full on streams in your messaging. https://capnproto.org/rpc.html There's hx-uri that allows for referring to other http messages, which I think could fulfill this in http. https://github.com/martinthomson/hx-uri Here's to expanding the medium! Let the hypertext ever hyper. It's kind of amazing to me how few how little our work has been in developing "extras", general services, between language & user. The os has become a passive tool to run stuff on, but once it was an involved middle layer that the user might be tapping throughout their use, with the os & user capable of understanding exposing & controlling some of the items in the program space. Now the program is more of a blind space to the os, doing it's own thing. Adjusting a program's volume & resizing it's window is all the interaction most users project from os space into program space. More general systems research please! I'm radically unsure where this premise of refutation came from. Who are you refuting here? To my knowledge, the "ten things we know to be true" is the only "shared values" that have been stated, & it is more a way of operating guide than a system of what to believe in, a system of values, https://www.google.com/about/philosophy.html "Do no evil" for a while was about as universal a claim to shared-values as they could have, but that too was removed over 18 months ago. I disagree that Google should not have talked about pride, or shared values. To me, I think having a moral backbone would have been far preferable & instructive & guided them to a better place than the backbone-less philosophy of innovation that steers so far clear of the moral & value based philosophy of helping the world that would have constituted a real value system, that would have prevented them from throwing fealty dollars to such low-brow crass bastards of the the American political system, for corporatist experiency. I don't have much to register your anti-causes with. I don't see "safety" or "this is our home" or "no place for hate" as any particular rallying or anti-rallying cry. People who get off on anti-cause are at least as bad as those who would try to speak for something, for cause, to me, but perhaps I haven't seen the bad side of the cause, or the right side of the anti-cause. But to say that this is a minefield to be avoided, well, I think that's a petty view. One that deliberately wants to sabotage, blow up, subvert, excuse, free itself from facing the moral questions of our times. I think people ought be better than that. I'm sorry if it's a minefield, but corporations as philosophy-free zones is a bullshit cowardice pathetic excuse for having accountability. And anyone who would protest or speak against work like what this thread is, of pointing our moral cowardice in corporations, in pointing out either the malice or cowardice or cow-toe'ed-ness of the politicians a corporation backs: it's against what scant few basic principles companies like Google can offer, even in their relatively value-free stances. These posts do what Google purports to do: to make the factual information accessible & useful. I'm sorry that you want to hide some mask, that you feel this shows a need to convince. It does not. Most good people already believe what is shown here is bad. Very bad. Awfully bad. These are bad people being given money to. These posts aren't trying to argue that this is bad. They are trying to show the information. We- the good people, with hope & belief in one another, trust in the diversity & variety of humankind, are on our own when we judge these single-minded, particular biases that these politicians have espoused to be bad. You too should see that these politicians who have worked to deny others legitimacy are the ones holding radical & un-shared values against others. You too should see that it is political actors who deny others rights for who they are are the ones trying to convince, to sell, to dismiss, persuade. The good people of this planet want to accept, want to be free of these anti-accepting forces, free of these anti-persuaders. You have twisted what this thread is about. This thread is about revealing the persuaders, revealing those with biased, unaccepting, un-understanding, perhaps even "nasty, entitled, arrogant, & ideological" backgrounds for the limited, pathetic, incapable, unfeeling things they are. These politicians have been revealed. For what they are. And you protest it! You protest the mere revelation of fact! You are the biased one here. You are the one who backs exclusionary unaccepting values, that refuse to share with others. Damn. I was doing so well. I think you deserve this vilifcation, I think I have called you out right, or identified a cowardice or flaw in what drove you to your posting, but in discussing how this thread is one of revelation, against those who would not share, would opt not to coexist: that seems clear. Clear as day. Whatever your motives, the exclusionary & choosey, particular, non-universalized bias of these politicians is clear from their actions, and showing those actions and showing who the company is donating to is just a matter of fact. Your attempt to stir up moral quandary is beside the point. This is not about the companies values. This is about clear & radiant truth, about showing those politicians who make their agenda one that refuses others, refuses to share, & how corporations would back those who pick divisiveness & derision & degradation to win favor. That is as unshared a value as is possible, & one which ought be reported as the factual & actionable information that it is: and that is Google's still stated purpose. My apologies for going so so so far over the top, but I would truly love a a rebuttal, if you would be so kind as to manage it, amid my harsh cries. Cores sharing some caches make sense but no maybe smt does not make sense. You are super overthinking this. It's a lower tech ssd. It's nand storage just like a sata ssd would be. It's rw just the same. reminds me of a Warren Ellis blog post about the speed cameras all having long since run out of film & that being the best possible outcome Giant middle finger to Linux users by using a new proprietary Fraunhofer codec. We have finally gotten support for some of the other proprietary codecs in Linux Bluetooth land, then Bluetooth SIG goes & picks a new proprietary codec owned by the very very old guard. Another decade of mp3 licensing fees & stacks of legal paperwork, just to encode or decode audio. There's so many better ways this could have gone. I enjoyed the post. Good links to a lot of relevant, recent stories & events. Not the article's fault, but it cites the "ClickHouse Cost-Efficiency in Action: Analyzing 500 Billion Rows on an Intel NUC" article that was published January 1. It's a week old, & I kind of feel like I'm never going to get away with it. It seems like a great, fun, interesting premise, but the authors took what is a challenging, huge data-set, and, under the guise of making the data look "realistic" they drained all the entropy out of the dataset, & then claimed they were 10-100x faster. Well, yes, maybe for some workloads maybe. Maybe the changes they made might in some circumstances be "realistic" for some IoT use cases, maybe. But I feel like I'm going to see this article come up again, and again, and again. And each time, I'll have these frustrations, about how while they may still be running queries on the same number of rows, they are running queries on many orders of magnitude less data. It's a fun read, & genuinely useful- in some circumstances- tech, but I don't expect to see this nuance showing up. I'm already weary, seeing this Clickhouse article again. India is the next Internet frontier, in that the state has awful laws with no respect for the privacy of their users. I hope there are other frontiers than states & governments infringing & clawing nastily at the Declaration of Independence of Cyberspace, but it sure seems like that's going to be one of the biggest anti-developments splashes for quite a while. And India seems absolutely to be a vanguard force in fighting heavily against freedom & user rights. Yet they don't support network neutrality. Hahaha. They don't seem to be interested in keeping 230 protections so companies can host content without having to be immediately responsible for every word they host. They are either incompetent defenseless dolts. Or maliciously picking at platforms. They certainly aren't doing anything to safeguard & protect hosting speech online. Should it though? Quite probably! I see two main ways to look at this question: will QUIC replace TCP as a go to protocol for developing atop of? The other interpretation is, will QUIC replace all TCP ever written? No, indeed, likely not. I agree there's a tension. There are strong engineering impetuses for control, for provability, for ahead-of-time decisions, for immutability. Engineers get woken up when things go wrong, they get blamed when things go wrong, & they want, they have to deal with other engineers code doing bad things with their code, & the software world has a wide variety of strategies, tools, & outlooks that all try to build safety, certainty, that restrict & constrain systems, to keep anything unexpected from happening. I feel, though, that characterizing malleable systems as being for expert users alone is a great injury. At present this may match expectations, but I don't think it's fair to make an assessment of how or what computer-users want when, at the moment, they don't really have the options. There are too few malleable systems out there to judge. What general malleable systems we do have require advanced expertise to use- AppleScript, DCOP (Desktop COmmunication Protocol), DBus, WebExtensions all require at least some programming style skills to use. But I think this expertise is owing to a broad lack of investment in building malleable software. Most software strives to give the user a specified & specific experience, not be a malleable system folks can get the experience they want out of. I don't think we know how much latent pull users have, how strong the tension is to be released from engineer's certainty, because I don't think there are even many testbeds, much less a broader societal view of systems flexibility, systems adaptability, of softer software. To me, I just think it's clear that, whatever valid concerns we do have, whatever justification we have for building endless arrays of rigid systems, it seems like it's not worth it anymore. We keep making more and more software, the profusion of software applications is a torrent of similar-but-different applications, focusing on shuffling this or that kind of data specifically, yet the generality, the inter-connectedness of the pieces seems so weak, and it seems like we've shut users out from having any creative capabilities & control of their own. I think WebExtensions are a very interesting case. The killer aspect, to me, is that the extensions work invisibly. We can't rely on everyone becoming an expert extension operator, but I do think that some reporting mechanisms on what extensions do would radically reshape how the community review's & socialized the extensions they use. In many ways, it's that the extensions are a means of exercising the malleability of hypertext, but they themselves are rigid & unmalleable & opaque. A part of being malleable- a precondition- is making yourself visible, providing viewability into what is happening, such that folks can reshape & redefine & redirect those actions that you the software are enacting. So the circle needs to grow more, is what it seems to me- rather than lock down extensions, rather than rely on authoritarian centralized powers to moderate extensions, my plea would be to make extensions malleable too, to make their working visible too, and to try to let consciousness & human adaptability start to take hold in this realm. You're absolutely correct that there are good reasons why software is so rigid & inflexible & opaque. Security has been nightmarishly cumbersome to the whole industry for the last decade. And I think malleability does indeed open up a lot more surfaces, endlessly opens surfaces. But at some point, we have to develop systems that have a co-relation with their operators, that respect the operators, that let them see what is happening & let them work their own systems. Continuing to try to push computers forwards entirely on the assumption that the user is worthless, does not know anything, and can not understand what is happening has cornered us, has cut off the chance to try & explore other options. My guess is there's a lot of companies that would do very very well, if we opened up software & made it flexible. The entire era we live in/just left, the PC era, happened because of Adversarial Interoperability. Massive economic activity was created because "real economic activity" had "reduce[d] its power and influence", as PC-compatible systems emerged & created a robust, fast growing, competitive market place. Did IBM want to? No. But enough legal space was still there to allow companies to create. While IBM could patent inventions, they could not own the idea of an addition ops code to add two numbers. I'd content that the lack of Adversarial Interoperability, this low standard we've sunk to in software world, is holding back vast seas of economic activity. We cannot effectively build new better more interesting, systems, when each piece of software is a closed, inflexible box. We've got to open up to possibility again, just as PC-Compatible opened the doors of possibility that brought Very Large Scale Integrated circuits & systems to us all. Support Adversarial Interoparability. Support Malleable Systems. Support an open future where people can have meaningful interactions with machines & build meaningfully better ones. https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2019/10/adversarial-interopera... Worth metnioning Kilo, which is an enhancement or a CNI (container network interface) provider that does Wireguard for Kubernetes. https://github.com/squat/kilo And here's Flutter, with CanvasKit, to try to turn the web into a dumb platform for developers to push pixels into people's faces. The web doesn't deserve any of this. It- we- can be so much better. Hypertext Markup Language has so much potential. But we squander it. lol guess who?!?! NVIDIA!!! always proprietary. always closed. always custom. never interoperable. this laptop embodies the nvidia legacy. Podcasting is still innocent. What these bad dumb losers opt to try to call podcasting but which is some bad new capitalist horsepucky? I'm not worried about it. It's a bad look. For everyone involved. It's not innocent, it's dull & diluted & money grubbing. And it sure as shit ain't podcasting! Sayonora losers! Your ability to take a decades old pure thing & suck at it, make it bad- that does not degrade the thing itself. It's just better than you, whatever you are. Do Android phones next. Root these stodgy locked down corporate provided houses. I wish Android had such a hope for it. Getting root to do basic kernel level tasks like working with networking or uhid is some extreme bizarre exploit special to most every device. It's so detestable. This device is my device. It needs to be trusted & manipulable by me. But these manufacturers, they look on users & what they would do as the enemy, as power they grant only to themselves. It's sad being in this post-general-purpose computing age, maligned by my own machines. The simple boring & likely option is that this is a matter of convenience, to help visitors &c. The cool option, the unlikely one, is that this would also be a technological testbed for a well integrated technical living space. A modest small go at a lab, to try out how we might integrate computing & living. As I said: unlikely. ;) Yet Facebook is very happy to censor the Anti-Trump Project Lincoln group, & deny them their ads. https://www.wired.com/story/plaintext-why-facebook-censored-... "How did it go from being a convenient thing for everyone to everyone should use slack?" Correction. Everyone went to Facebook. Because Facebook was convenient. Now we are all heading to slack (& discord) because XMPP was no longer convenient & the right-wingnuts are the top 10 shares every single day every day on Faceboook so we no longer wanna hang out on it. > I'm not sure which Facebook you're using, As I said, we're not using it anymore. Ben Shapiro & BlueLives Matter were 6 of the 10 most reshared pieces of content yesterday & none of the other top 10 are anything but polarizing trashy antagonistic regressives either. https://mobile.twitter.com/kevinroose/status/128100072722610... I would be willing to admit, this kind of content does not feature a lot in my personal experience when I did use Facebook. But in general, I'm not inclined to log in & stay logged in, as it doesn't add continuous value. And I don't want to give advertising-dollars to a platform that does, day after day after day, reliably, serve to brainwash America with these reactionary attention-hungry wolves. I'd point out that the Salem witch trials you raise judged people based on fiction (there are no witches), & killed them. Losing some friends & your job for being a demonstratively terrible awful person does not seem like a fair comparison: there is real guilt, & the consequences seem survivable. I'm not sure that the ability of any one incident to become a lightning rod of attention is ideal, but it felt like being an absolutely terrible person for too long had no consequences: I would like to see more safety nets, more forgiveness, more healing, but there being consequences for actions is an enormous improvement over where we were, and frankly the consequences seem reasonably inline & reasonable in a vast majority of the situations at hand. I'm sorry that this seems so overwhelming for you. I hope you can find some peace. Good reply, thanks. I am very pro #XMPP. Which is also why I yearn for a couple real areas of improvement & focus: * MIX. there's a new standard for group-chats/rooms that is far less ad-hoc/special-case, that uses other XMPP extensions (XEPs) very well & enables features people expect in chat these days. it's a good standard. MIX (XEP-0369) support is still alpha level or non-existent. this is needed for a quality experience, with reactions, chat history, & as a technical advancement out of a bad shifty early legacy solution. * Video. There are not a lot of video supporting clients. I think the spec is mostly ok for 1:1 video. But "Muji" multi-user video got demoed a decade ago & works but is more or less unimplemented. This is not cool. I think Muji also should probably be rebuilt anyways atop MIX. * web integration. i'd like to be able to use my XMPP account online in a well-defined way. xmpp should start to define ways to make user accounts also OpenID Connect (OIDC) providers, & begin to define interoperation for webrtc & XMPP & the web to work together harmoniously. Quick scan of the website & the github. Did not find direct mentions of XMPP. Does this interop with other XMPP systems or is this based-on-XMPP but standalone? I would not adopt or recommend this, framed as it is as it's own thing. the MUC is not good. this is true. there is MIX, XEP-0369, that has a way better under-the-hood approach that re-uses a lot of the existing XEPs (whereas MUC was early & kind of it's own thing). alas MIX adoption is very low. ejabberd got MIX support in 2016 but it's stayed at 0.1.0. and, more pressingly, i don't think any clients support it. this has to change for XMPP to pass MVP muster. https://www.reddit.com/r/xmpp/comments/arpruf/what_clients_s... /me laughs in ripgrep "While I respect Judge Mosman," she added, "I would ask this question: If the state of Oregon does not have standing to prevent this unconstitutional conduct by unidentified federal agents running roughshod over her citizens, who does? Individuals mistreated by these federal agents can sue for damages, but they can't get a judge to restrain this unlawful conduct more generally. Today's ruling suggests that there may be no recourse on behalf of our state, and if so that is extremely troubling." Good article but I continue to feel like for whatever use cases 5g is fit to serve, it seems likely to be a limited technology, used only by heavyweight giant companies. Unlike other communications bands, there is no intent to make any of this at all consumerly accessible. I like your desire to restrain politician's incentives, & watching folks like Joe Biden takes these kind of steps (selling all his stocks thirty years ago) is a good thing to do. At the same time it seems wholly insufficient. Whether Betsy DeVos has stocks is not really that relevant, when she still is going to act on behalf of her ultra-rich clan & other extremely well-monied interests. I'm all for raising standards but I think there's a huge continent of politician who exist only to be bad guys, & some large large amount of people seem to love them for their wretchedness. Quick retort, i'd roughly sketch out the problems with software as 10% personal ethical issues & 90% as leadership/organizational/constraint/related. Engineers want time & resources to do a good job, to make sure things are well considered. It is capital that drives us to push for expediency & convenience. The Fed wants transfers to go through them. I hope not. What incompetent assholes. Hopefully the banks start taking making public consumer/business/bank facing standard apis seriously cause this is a shit show disaster. This is not a role the fed should be taking. Every Kubernetes shop I've seen uses Helm to deploy their workloads, & now you can set up all your S3 Buckets, SQS, SNS stuff in that same Helm chart as your app. This is hella ideal. I also just generally love the thought of being able to manage any cloud resources at all via standard open-protocols & systems. Compounding the investment, rather than having to invest in a bunch of specific not-interconnected areas is going to lead to great things. It'll be interesting to see what if any architectural flourishes or innovations went in to ACK's control loops. Yes, the goal is very much to bring provisioning & operations of all resources on to the core platform we're using, Kubernetes. I mentioned in another reply how excited I am to be able to manage things like SQS queues now with my app, via Helm Charts, rather than need separate machinery to manage/operate my app & the various resources it needs. And now there is a control loop. So if Ben in support accidentally deletes my queue, it'll get recreated. Breaking away from the proprietary platform underlay is going to be great. Managing things more consistently is going to be really great. You've held to a strongly combative & in my opinion fairly arrogant/dismissive close minded outlook in the dozens of comments you've posted in this thread. It's frustrating having to cope with such a lopsided one-dimensional perspective that injects itself everywhere. I feel like you have overrun & dominated every single thing anyone else has offered. I see that you think this is a bad spec, but you don't seem to acknowledge comprehend or grasp that a lot of people want this for really good & wholesome reasons. Signed exchanges for instance are absolutely critical in allowing users to share content with each other while offline, which has radical & excellent potential. A bundle transparently "expands" into the url'ed resources in it. URLs are not going anywhere. I'm one of the sometimes shrill voices when the url is getting de-emphasized but I really don't feel like webbundles are part of that threat. What is different is that a server no longer has to be online serving content for folks to be able to get content. 3rd parties being able to serve content is a very different world indeed, & I have reservations about folks no longer having to run their own big world facing services & becoming reliant upon 3rd party serving. But those concerns are far outweighed by how excellent it will be being able to share web content with friends while offline together, being able to easily transfer webapps among users, &c. This justification still implies Chrome & Firefox also ought be content aware & be censorship machines. This is grossly unacceptable. Apps need some safe harbor too. Apps can not be responsible for every possible use of the app. Widely disputed. If this really did prevent ad blocking no one would expect it to ship. Inside the bundle are the same resources as without a bundle. Jokes on you we inheriting this planet. Don't sweat the small stuff. Arete is one of my favorites. Picked up by way of Mage: the Ascension, where you are a reality bending mage & your general mastery over reality is called "arete". Your efficacy at magic, your excellence... silly intro but got me introduced to the idea & a host of other good ones that still shape my perception of the world. That game world also has a "trimurti" which closely parallels the Hindu triumvirate, which is another good perspective I've been glad to carry. Creating/sustaining/destroying, crudely said. I'm sorry but the problem statements really did not resonate with me. I felt like there was a very strict limited consideration for the existing tools, justifying breaking away, but the SpanEvent they came up with felt practically indistinguishable from the preexisting technologies they spent so long poo-pooing. Telepathy is one of the coolest most useful most modular pieces of software i've ever used, a modular pluggable framework for chat, & I am always so glad to have a chapter of this book talking about that all. There's obviously a much deeper message here but gee whiz building vs maintaining a city sure feels like it has some basic parallels & similar tensions to adding to vs working on software projects. The mandate for growth is real. metadata: annotations: helm.sh/resource-policy: keep works for any & all resources! If you've used helm for more than one day you'd know about the helm.sh/resource-policy: keep, Which makes your first big "accidentally deleted" concern pretty near moot, so long as it's your ci/CD tools with permissions & they are using helm. So long as random cluster users aren't futzing around randomly poking at & deleting things. Yes, you have to go way further & prevent your idiot users from being dumb, if you are giving them cluster role permissions. But again, have you considered not doing that? Abandoned resources is no less of an issue. If there are external resources that don't have state (such as your Load balancer examp, the good news is you can delete them all & let the resource controllers recreate the real ones. In general I feel like you are letting the 1% of concerns dominate & dissuade you, & that most people can make it very far with nothing extra. World lost another real one. Such a real view of the bigger picture, such a student of humankind. Pour one out. ... so long as you use a web browser which supports only Apple approved capabilities & features. the main issue I have with the DIY mentality is that, for me, it's endless, and even more so, it's an unpaved path, ad-hoc, with few integrated well defined paths. we've got lots of open source software, but the ops of being online is hard fought experience. * `apt-get install postgres-server` would have worked fine for my needs on my VPS. oh but i need roles, so let's start an ansible playbook. maybe let's tweak some settings. fine, still all short, easy to do. * ahhh i should probably have backups. how am i going to manage that storage, where is that going to live? * then i introduce a new feature & my database is running slow. explain query helps, but i also could use some metrics for these boxes, so probably need to start thinking about prometheus & node-exporter, &c. i am radically in favor of a) personally facing these challenges and b) open-sourcing the operational knowledge & tools for setting up AND OPERATING systems. yet at the same time i also think spending $171/mo for a year is an exceedingly wonderful option to have on the table. running my own servers is, to me, a lifelong project, something i want to deeply invest in. there's plenty of ways to go about it that aren't so arduous (k8s+postgres-operator+rook+tbd monitoring+tbd directory-services), but that willingness to keep engaging, supporting, maintaining, scaling things can be a very serious concern that extends well past the time it takes to set a database up: it's an ongoing "giving a shit" burden even when (seemingly) working fine. being willing and able to hack through is great, and i am all for the coallition of the willing who elect to march through, hopefully not getting bogged down along the way. but wow if you are trying to start a business, it sure is nice being able to pay someone to spin up, back up, monitor, scale some services for you. i hope some day "we" are better at such things, systematically, i hope open source ops helps give us better paths to doing these kind of things easily, safely, observably, resilliently. we're not there yet. but wow, this challenge to me- how we move open source from an older "software" model to an online service model, that empowers people to set up online systems as easily as opening an editor, that's the challenge at the heart of open source today. it's one that needs a lot more effort, a lot more work, such that we have good ways to stand up & keep up a database server. I wrote a big massive Wikipedia article on cablecard & it's our standards, spent days writing it, then had it deleted as not relevant. Lol. I for one believe in the specified use cases of Web Bundles, & believe they are worthy. https://wicg.github.io/webpackage/draft-yasskin-wpack-use-ca... What we have here is a budding conspiracy theory, not even a theory, just gesticulation. Consensual Delusion, a belief that we are persecuted by secret forces that must be held off, held at bay. This started months ago with an incoherent rambling ticket by the Brave author that is being cited. He spent months going back & forth with wild accusations & unspecified concerns. After dozens and dozens of exchanges, he finally named one single scenario, that people might "hide" their tracking malware by renaming files as they put them into the bundle. Color me extremely unimpressed & unscared. Enormous sound & fury, for a capability that is in no way different from the web we already have today. It's not hard to setup a.webserver to randomize asset names. Nothing about webbundles is new or changes that. Consensual Delusions like this hacked up hoax of a story threaten reality as we know it. As the old civic videos say: DONT BE A SUCKER. Anyone selling fear, uncertainty, & doubt is to be met with skepticism. Increasingly, FUD is how Apple/Mozilla/Brave are selling their anti-feature policy. "Trust us, we won't let the web work with midi" doesn't sound that great, but is much more honest than what we get, which is "these engineers & standards groups working on these specs are secretly trying to undermine this treasured web which we must protect & keep as is at all costs". the involved engineer's histories indicates they obviously care enormously about bettering the web, & in this case are combatting sizable transpiling tool bloat for devs, & enabling offline sharing & offline capable web, and literally fighting censorship, which are truly worthy goals all that will vastly help the web. This is all super hard to work through. Yes, google used the web to reap enormous profit by means of enormous information control & inventory systems for ads & eyeballs. But Google also would not exist without the web, & historically the web was a small toy that couldn't do much compared to apps. The tables have turned, & the web is clearly ascendant, much safer, & increasingly we understand that the limitations of ux were largely from lack of will to explore & test what limits there really were, so the situation is no longer so obviously tense. But Google Chrome & Chromium & the spec work Google does are, imo, designed to improve a communal shared resource for all humanity, designed to greaten the web, not subvert it. We can see that here, as the engineers working on webbundle have shown a thousand times over their commitment to honest above board clear integrity as they have tried & tried & tried to work with Peter Snyder as he fumbled & plodded his way to a scenario where WebBundles pose any real danger, & Peter has imo failed at presenting anything. We can see the engineers take Peter seriously, try to work with him. And so I feel it is in general. It is intimating as hell that the web is so big, has so many capabilities, that so much keeps getting added, and so much of that comes from gigantic unimaginably huge pools of capital derived from eyeballs-on-screen. But somehow it has been working out, the engineers have genuinely cared about doing the right thing, & usually the standards bodies & TAG can eventually come to harmony & agree, & the web improves. Peters dissent thread: https://github.com/WICG/webpackage/issues/551 Personally I greatly look forward to WebBundles. It will radically improve the JS module situation, yay, a thousand times yay, & giving people the ability to share content directly with one another, without relying on centralized infrastructure, is one of the most genuine pure & true new expanses for the web & one I am greatly looking forward to. Absolutely kick ass article, just top notch talk over some of the first efforts we've seen to revise how we might put together big systems. The old theorycraft article bloody nailed it too, just wonderful. The sea change only comes after we stop deciding good interconnects only belong on good chips. 128 lanes of pcie on a epyc but building & connecting other pcie systems together is hard. But it shouldn't be. Gen-z & other hopefuls like ibm here giving it an interesting go. The serial ram is another cute force multiplier, very cute, but again I fear enterprise-itis might keep it from wider adoption for this decade. But totally also important gamechanging stuff, as hinted here, where whether it's ram or more pc's on the other side doesn't really change the things that much. Bridging of systems intensifies!!! Agreed that it's not safe harbor really at stake. I disagree about your comparison. This app can connect to arbitrary domain names. This is getting blocked because you are not filtering the list of domains a user can connect to proactively. That's wild & I can think of zero precedent for it. I agree that how tech is used & what it enables is a good discussion. I think folks interested in this topic should get a basic education. I resend starting with intents & desires the project started with, by reading the ietf draft of the use cases, https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-yasskin-wpack-use-cases-01 Part of what excites me is that it decentralizes where assets have to come from. Yes it means Google can serve stuff, which will help some all operators at who knows exactly what cost of privacy. But what absolutely electrifies me is that I can share content with other people: even in an offline scenario I can give then a webbundle with a site if the site supports it, and the friend's browser can crytographically check everything out, & trust that the bundle is from the bundler. > Right now, requests on the web are kind of p2p. Today's web is decentralized, because there are many domains. But there is little peering among peers: everything is client-server. This, imo, enables a much more p2p web. It enables a distributed web. Where even if an endpoint is under attack, the web can go on. Where folks who fall over the edge (go offline) can still operate. But yes, seems likely Google intends to be a rather large peer among this newly distributed web. I recommend the IETF draft of use cases for getting a taste of what WebBundles is for, which hints at this new distributed architecture, by way of describing characteristics a WebBundled web has, https://wicg.github.io/webpackage/draft-yasskin-wpack-use-ca... Someone on social mentioned that one of the main current IP holders was an individual who is racist or white supremacist or some grossly ugly thing. I just did some fast searching to try to suss out how BS this is but didn't get anywhere. Apologies for passing on rumors I couldn't even find to cite. But that would change my interest, for sure. Also yeah I'm struggling to imagine what we'd do with modern graphics technology here. How very Fox News of a headline I like the sense of seeking in the world that the author speaks to, that's how it came out to me. Apple on the other hand gets plenty of value from Epic. For example, 10 years ago, when Epic made the Citadel demo for Apple to show their smartphones could run games. Ground breaking R&D work, gratis for Apple, & legitimizing their devices. https://www.theverge.com/21405805/epic-citadel-2010-annivers... We'll see how much more bad blood Apple can make with developers before people start noticing & caring about the software they can't get on their i-devices. > I'm not convinced that Google intends to maximize the automation and decentralization value of that kind of verification. This seems like the core question/hypothesis you have as to why you might suspect this particular technology. If you have other specific concerns or fears or misuse, please let me know, but I have not identified anything else I can speak directly to. I dont understand Google nor their incentives, but I do understand the IETF drafts for this technology fairly well. As to this specific question, the validation for Signed HTTP Exchanges (SXG) is the same validation that happens with any web page you would load via https:// . This is not a perfect system, but one we have lived with, & SXG introduces no new complexities to it.