I suppose there's a lot we wouldn't do if we apply cold hearted logical reasons. Sometimes it's nice to not apply cold hearted logical reasons (even though I do see your point). That said, one 'cold' reason could be being able to write a post about it that puts the writer and 37 signals in a good light. Another could be for the author to just want to feel better about herself, because she helped someone else and/or because she constructed a nice story (and we humans like stories)... This is amazing, and a bit scary... While I would not bet money on it, it might be possible that the NSA has dirt on these companies, or on their high-ranking employees, keeping them from taking a stand. I think it depends. I'm inclined to agree with Linus' approach, but I'll just argue that sometimes "abuse, swearing and provoking people" is the best approach. Some of the best lessons I learned was being chewed out by a manager. The magnitude of my stupidity or fuck-up would simply not have sunken in even if this manager had been factual and direct, without chewing me out. The same goes for my youth. I remember some lessons mostly because they involved my father yelling at me. I recall very few lessons where he sat me down and provided a detailed, factual argument of why I was being a dumb-ass. I don't get the impression that, in growing up, our ability to assess magnitudes of failure by factual analysis of the situation has improved enough to render 'chewing-out' pointless. I'm considering a similar thing. Do you know of any resources on do's and don'ts when setting something like that up? Could you show some evidence that previous generations were more mobile? I'm not disputing it, but I'm inclined to think we're not much more or less mobile than previous generations... I can confirm that I have lots of friends that 'just want to go somewhere' and base their decision on different whims. Anecdotal evidence, but still. Compliments on the thing as a whole, but one thing stuck out to me (negatively). When I read about 'tablets' and 'interaction' and saw the screenshot of how interfaces haven't changed much, I got rather excited about the idea of a word processor that truly tried to change the way we 'process words' on touch devices. Instead, it seems you've mostly focused on the stuff surrounding word processing. Which is a noble goal, but not what I was hoping/wishing for. I'd like to see someone reinvent the word processor, or update it for touch interfaces. In the same way that the mouse greatly changed the way we work on 'normal' computers, surely touch should give us similar new advantages. I've been following a number of projects that try to do this, but they are hyper-focused on just that text-input part. I'd love to see the best ideas from those experiments find their way into Quip. (This is just a general observation, not an attack on Quip. I can understand that you have chosen a specific focus that doesn't happen to be what I care about.) David Foster Wallace had some interesting thoughts on the importance of boredom. I'm on a mobile so I can't provide links, but google that! One of my favorites is the German title for 'Die Hard', which is 'Stirb Langsam'. The literal translation of this is 'die slowly'... I'd nuance this by saying that often it's more important to just set some kind of goal than to know what you want. Very often, the whole point of a gap year is to figure out "what you're going to do" and figure out "what you want to get out of it." In those cases, a gap year is better than just plowing ahead with whatever you're doing (and don't want to do). The following quote from The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle (by Haruki Murakami) pretty much expresses how I see this: "€œFor the time being, there is no need for either of us to be here. And if that is the case, I feel, it would be better for us not to be here." I mostly disagree with those who say that you need a plan or purpose for a gap year to be useful. Mostly, because I do think some kind of plan or purpose, however vague, is good, just to provide you with initial and general direction. A gap year is often exactly the kind of thing that can give you a long-term plan and a purpose, so waiting on these things before you take a year off can be counter-productive. I used to do a lot of hitchhiking for fun. When I went hitchhiking with absolutely no plan, I wasn't always happy with the aimless results. But when I'd set some initial goal, a random city or country, the result was wonderful. Very often I wouldn't arrive at this initial destination, but see many others instead. If a gap year is not going to negatively impact you, I see no reason why you wouldn't do it. Even without a plan other than partying! Indeed! I have some journalist friends who, as a group, spent months just to write one piece of investigative journalism. Another journalist friend once managed to work on something like that on his own, but only through crowdfunding. Good journalism is expensive! Indeed! I did a minor in journalism in the hopes of perhaps going in that direction professionally, only to realize that my idea of journalism was nothing like reality. We spent a significant portion of the classes just learning how to write news items. The teacher then told us that what we were doing one day a week for six months is what full-time journalism students spend an entire year doing, and that this is much of what they'll be doing once they enter the job market. She specifically advised those of us interested in being journalists to just get really good in our academic field, and move into journalism as 'specialists' from there. Ah, yeah. I do agree with that. A gap year with some kind of plan is (usually) preferable over just a gap year, but just a gap year is still better than staying on automatic pilot. Wow, even with what it can do now I can imagine using it for AR/VR games of laser tag or paint ball. The only thing missing would be feedback on your body for hits you've taking. At the right price, this might even turn out to be cheaper than proper paintball arena's. You can charge more, and there's no cleanup involved. You could even host these 'games' in real-world environments (with permission or otherwise). Imagine hosting counter-strike style games in empty buildings! That's pretty trivial to do with nginx though, isn't it? I have a server that can run php on certain subdomains AND folders, node.js on others and I suppose ruby would be pretty easy too. In fact, on one domain nginx sends part of the traffice /static/ directly to that actual directory, and anything else gets picked up by node.js. Or is what I'm doing really stupid? I'm not currently running anything significant on my servers, and this is not my primary domain of interest, so I've never checked how risky my setup is. Maybe you could tell me if that's the case? Hmm, does that matter if the company itself is in the U.S? I got offered a bike almost every night out in Amsterdam. I've had friends just pick up a bike instead of getting a taxi... 'COULD' is a complicated concept. It's something I struggle with too, when I watch movies like 'City of God', where mostly I ask myself 'why the hell don't these kids leave the city. or the country.' Or The Wire where a kid who 'got out' decides to come back. There are many factors that play a role in the options we have, and the strongest factors have nothing to do with what's objectively best. Psychologically speaking, it's a bit dangerous (and too easy) to say that poor people should just stop living their poor lifestyles and leave their poor friends and poor family for a world totally unknown to them. This is also true for addicts, or homeless people. I've come to know quite a few of both, and if anything I've started to respect the difficulty of their situation. Being able to reason about such things the way you do is, in itself, a privilege. I don't understand what you're trying to say. Could you elaborate? I respect your choice, but I think it's unfair in this case specifically (but in many other cases too) to say it's about 'pretty' and 'better advertising'. I read a lot on my mac, and I love the lack of scrollbar. It's one less 'element' on my reading experience (similar to almost all ebook readers not having chrome, like scrollbars and page numbers, or hiding chrome unless specifically requested). And because of how integral and 'decent' using the touchpad is (two finger scroll), I automatically scroll briefly to show the scrollbar in those few instances where I care about what position on the page I'm at. Of course, that's just one example, but I know many others who feel similarly. 'Apple knows best' doesn't just mean marketing and pretty, it often means decent choices that are good for a large percentage of people, and yes, you have to accept that. I find apple does do a lot of stuff that doesn't work for me. Even the lack scroll bars I rather hate when I use Finder (and don't get me started on that!). I use an android phone for that very reason. I don't always like the choices that apple makes for me, and I might reach a point where I opt out completely. I'm just saying that in this case I think apple made a risky but decent choice, that wasn't just about 'pretty' or 'marketing'. This reminds me of my experiences learning programming and web development. For a while I used Drupal for everything, because it allowed me to 'program without programming'. The views module (now in core drupal, or slated to be, I think), is essentially a visual query builder. What I discovered after a while, was that there was a tiny sweet spot where it was nice to do complicated things without writing code, but that it had huge drawbacks. Queries became ridiculous, for one. And very soon, the stuff I'd build using the Views module was 'complicated' enough conceptually that a normal SQL query would not only be much faster, but easier and quicker to write. The fact that this query could be version-controlled and didn't live in a database was nice too... Maybe i should've used the term 'advantage' then. I simply wanted to point out that the ability to choose/reason is in itself very much something you 'inherit', rather than some innate skill that we all have equally. I would agree. Even though I feel that I will probably be happier in the long run with a partner, I find myself quite happy to be alone much, of not most of the time. I could see myself living in the woods and traveling to a nearby town or city ever few weeks or so to 'dip my toes' in social activity, or to have friends visit me as a form of 'retreat'. The main thing that I miss, I've noticed, is (intellectual) input . And being online can satisfy much of that need (though not all). What I don't miss, is social interaction for the sake of it. I'd miss sex though, if I were to do this without a partner. Heh, very recognizable. I do think you will acclimatize to being alone over time, and it gets easier and perhaps almost back to 'before'. But I also agree that once you've had a taste of good partnership, it changes your perspective permanently, and you don't want to settle for 'before'. I find that the biggest effect of being alone for long periods of time is that my mind starts obsessing over weird things if I don't direct it to specific 'problems' to solve. It's like I need to exert more control when there are no friends around to 'center' my thought processes. I think a big problem lies in the individualist approach combined with a reserved attitude toward others. When you start a 'new life' in a new place where you cannot rely on massive amounts of free time, or structured 'community' (university, high school, church), you have to find shortcuts to making 'significant' connections. I've done okay on that front, having moved to a completely new place very often in my life. I find that one of the secrets is being extra honest, and extra open, instead of waiting for 'organic' moments of connection. These moments happen if you have loads of time to spend with people. If you don't have the time, too much can happen to get in the way of making such a connection before it is too late. I rather like this quote in the context. Can't remember who wrote it: "We waste so much energy trying to cover up who we are when beneath every attitude is the want to be loved, and beneath every anger is a wound to be healed and beneath every sadness is the fear that there will not be enough time. When we hesitate in being direct, we unknowingly slip something on, some added layer of protection that keeps us from feeling the world, and often that thin covering is the beginning of a loneliness which, if not put down, diminishes our chances of joy. It’s like wearing gloves every time we touch something, and then, forgetting we chose to put them on, we complain that nothing feels quite real. Our challenge each day is not to get dressed to face the world but to unglove ourselves so that the doorknob feels cold and the car handle feels wet and the kiss goodbye feels like the lips of another being, soft and unrepeatable." So it goes! I don't know why it surprises me, but a sizable portion of the expats here in Berlin originally came for a guy/girl. Agreed. I love Quora's newsletter, I like a lot of what they do, but I don't like their approach. It's enough to make me avoid them as much as possible. I'm sorry, but I don't really understand what point you are making. For some people traveling is not hard. For some people traveling is hard. But even for those traveling might be well worth the difficulties. Many good things are hard. Now, personally I would argue people who say traveling isn't hard are wrong. I've traveled a lot, lived in a few quite different countries, and much as it's incredibly natural to me, it's often proven to be hard, much harder than staying in one place, in the culture most common to me... Indeed. I find myself become ever more aware of how even when I think I'm not comparing myself to some norm, I subconsciously am doing this anyways. I find that meeting people wildly different from myself in lifestyle or perspective really helps. Traveling to 'foreign' cultures too. I'd say of all those three number 2 is the most common reason why people don't 'follow their dream', but I don't think it's the main reason. The main reason, I think, is that it's just real hard to wander off the beaten path. I suspect the primary problem is those first steps and then keeping at it for a while. We are taught from very early on, especially if our parents were 'normal' middle-class people, to do the 'normal' thing. But based on my interactions with people who 'do their own thing', it seems quite feasible, and often a good recipe for happiness, and not so hard to keep up once you've done it for a while. I would like to add the following: 1. Most people are alright, but avoid the few who aren't like the plague. I've always had the fortune to not lose my trust in people, but I've found that it took me a significant time in my twenties to learn how to filter out the bad people (perhaps because of this). Especially bad partners. The converse can also be true. I know people who seem to have based their entire outlook on a few shitty people in their lives (sadly, parents are often the culprits), and miss out on connections, and opportunities, because they assume the worst. Finding a balance in this regard, I believe, has been one of the things that most increased my general quality of life, and (moderate) success. 2. Lots of people are lonely Perhaps this mostly applicable to post-college life, but I've been shocked to find out how many people around me feel isolated and lonely. Knowing this, however, helped in gaining the courage to approach others, knowing that they are just as willing to make new friends as I am. > 10. People = Sh#t. This is just me as I’m quite the (cartoon) nihilist, but please respect peoples boundaries because some people like to be left alone, don’t encroach on others personal space. Could you expand on this? I like to think I'm good at respecting boundaries, but at the same time I generally operate outside of what most people consider 'boundaries' precisely because my experience is that people like this. Obviously, this should be done with care, and I think I am careful, but I'd love to hear what you find typical of people crossing your boundaries. Good to hear you're working on it. I can have a tendency to be elitist and see myself as smarter or better than others. I can also get annoyed and frustrated easily. I try to turn that 'off' as much as possible, because it doesn't work. I would add though, that 'figuring people out' is not the most important thing. I've wasted many hours in my twenties in attempting to do this, but what works best, in my opinion, is to just be as transparent, direct, and uncomplicated as possible, combined with an assumption that the other means well, and kindness. Avoid drama. Some of the most popular/liked people I know, interestingly, are not always nice. More important, it seems, is that they are consistent . You know what you get, and you can either take it or leave it. Not sure if I'm agreeing or disagreeing with you, but I'd say this is exactly why programmers will do fine for a long time to come. What we do, assuming we're not cranking out wordpress sites with existing templates, is solve problems . And so when we find ways to automate particular common scenarios for, say, certain types of websites (which I suppose Rails and the many CMS' do), we have probably already moved on because we were bored cranking out these things in favor of solving problems. Contrast that with the auto industry. Car building may be hard, but much of the job loss in this industry consisted of work that was easily automated, and not solving problems. Furthermore, part of this 'problem solving', in my experience, involves a lot of interaction with other people. This is not easily replaced by outsourcing to skilled programmers who are 1) non-native culturally and linguistically, and 2) far away. In a way, we are better compared to plumbers or mechanics, 'full-stack problem solvers'. I do not disagree with you entirely, but I think what nuances the statement that 'programming is hard' is that this doesn't mean that other jobs aren't hard in other ways. I believe programming does require above-average critical/logical thinking and continuous learning. On the other hand, it often requires less social thinking or management. I have no problem saying that I'm a better programmer because most people are just sloppy and not as inherently curious and inclined to love clear, discrete problems and solving them. It doesn't make me arrogant, because I have huge amounts of respect for (some of) the project managers above me who have to deal with complicated schedules, higher-ups fucking up their shit, and managing prissy developers, designers, and whatnots who suck at communicating and collaborating. Ha, then I'm safe. I equally dislike the situations you describe, so I do not subject others to it either. I used to agree with your view, and unapologetically, err, apologize for apples choices anyways. Then I switched to the Nexus 4, and I changed my mind slightly. On the one hand I love the thing. It can do lots of stuff that I like that I couldn't do on my iPhone, even after jailbreaking. But on the other hand, many of the common tasks leave me with irritations that I didn't have with the iPhone. UI inconsistencies, unintuitive interfaces, weird crashes, and generally stuff that made me miss my less-powerful iPhone. Now, as a geek and a power user I am inclined to still prefer the Nexus, but only barely. But for my day to day stuff I'd switch back to an iPhone in a heartbeat. So, I think saying it's all just fashion is not completely true. It is also about tech. And among most of my friends status has little to do with it (if anything, having an iPhone is boring over here in hipster land, and you're cooler with a fridge-sized Nokia that can only store 20 text messages). The way I see it, one doesn't need to actively travel constantly to be traveling. When I was dealing with a difficult project, I just stayed at one particular hostel for two months, and settled into a routine. It was an odd one, of course, but it still became a routine, and I could finish the project. I'm assuming there's an event for when the audio is loaded... maybe hook up the animation to that? Yup. I'm currently relatively stable in Berlin, but I've been doing the same thing. One thing I try to do ASAP, if the city is accommodating, is get a bike. It's one of the best ways to get around and discover new things in the process. Also gives you a lot of freedom to adjust plans on the fly. I suppose this also depends on what you consider 'default'. Who says the default should be to stay in one place for decades? Leaving and staying each have advantages and disadvantages, but as far as I can tell neither has proven to be generally the 'best' option. In fact, my experience is that those who do move around generally seem to lead a happier and fulfilling life, but that's just my experience perhaps. My point is that staying behind for 'stability' could be equally selfish. Uprooting your life in itself is not selfish, however the way you do this could make is to. If this is the talk I think it is, I can say it helped me greatly as a programmer. I'm one of those 'homegrown' programmers with no formal education, and I'd probably horrify some of you with my work. But I'm learning, and very aware of my deficiencies. What I loved about this talk is that it seemed more a 'philosophy of programming' thing, where a lot of what he said applied even to my shitty programming, and (hopefully) even improved it. Indeed. I think this has a lot to do with 'fluff'. More modern games have a lot of fluff to make the difficulty increase less abrupt and, of course, because we demand it. There are a few games, even relatively new ones, that don't have much 'fluff'. They're often considered very difficult, but because they're so lean and well-designed, they don't generally feel unfair. These games remind me of what I used to play growing up, and they often offer much more satisfaction in a shorter time-span. A good, new-ish example of this is Ninja Gaiden for the Xbox, which at times feels overwhelmingly difficult, and yet after playing for a while you notice improvement. It rarely feels truly unfair, and I find it more enjoyable than 'fluffier' games. Other examples would be games like Ikaruga, F-Zero. It probably doesn't have many players anymore, but my favorite mod was Thievery UT. I've played some rounds that were, no hyperbole, the most fun I've ever had playing games. One of the guys involved was actually working on Splinter Cell and I'm pretty sure much of what we were experimenting with has, in some ways, influenced that game. And two of the guys ended up doing games full-time for Valve after working on Alien Swarm, and now Left 4 Dead. If only they'd do a new version of Thievery! Back to their roots... Well, what about fun ? Both for games and television I'd argue that they're fine in moderation, and that it depends on what particular game or film/show. The Wire? Awesome and very educational. Planescape Torment (or other RPG's)? Better, in some ways, than a great book. Also, chess is a game too, so really just a subset of 'games'. I don't really see what you're trying to point out with that comparison. Haha, yeah, that's pretty much the single most useful thing I learned. I'm doubtful. My little sister describes and has the same problems I encountered. Sometimes it's not expressed in the same way, for example the facebook stalking and bullying, but on average it seems like her experience isn't less shitty than mine was. EDIT: To clarify, it's not just based on my sister, but what I just said was anecdotal. I didn't mean to argue your point, but rather I'd like to hear why you think it is the case, when my experience has been different. > 1. iOS is not good at multi-tasking which is bread and butter for desktop. Look what happened to Windows 8 which tried to forced full screen apps on 24" monitors all the time. Most non-techie people I know barely multitask. And that includes people who really would benefit from it ('high-powered executives' come to mind). 2. Phone/pads still don't have necessary RAM to run desktop class applications. Can you imagine running full strength Photoshop on iPad yet? True, but for a huge amount of people that is not such an issue. The same people that barely multitask are also the ones that mostly use Office and a browser, and they usually only use the most basic office features. 3. Phone/Pads are still far behind in providing large cheap storage compared to similarly priced devices. Same situation. A large amount of users that I know don't need massive storage. Music is probably the biggest storage need, and even for that many have stopped bothering the whole itunes-syncing thing and just use spotify similar services. Case in point: my father is pretty tech-savvy. And yet, over the past years he's started doing more and more work on his iPad, and less and less on his MacBook. Most of what he does it writing, browsing, watching videos and email. And my mother recently 'donated' her laptop to my younger sister and does almost all she needs on her phone. My brother recently started traveling and if I hadn't given him my old MacBook Air, he'd probably settle for an iPad. And this is not just my family. I keep meeting more and more people who do this. Journalists going iPad-only, for example. And it makes sense. A shocking number of fellow students, highly educated people who should benefit greatly from multitasking and whatnot, barely understood the filesystem, and often worked at the library on shitty computers where they fullscreened every app. They are not even aware of the 'power' that we power users utilize. None of this invalidates your points. There are many people who need fully-featured operating systems. I'm merely pointing out that there's a huge market that can already get by on just an iPad (plus keyboard), and Apple is already mostly targeting this market. Convergence is pretty much possible already, and it wouldn't take much to make it entirely practical and workable for a huge amount of people. This reminds me of the 'Bullshit Jobs' article by David Graeber. While I don't know how much I agree with the article, it does touch on your pet peeve: > Yet it is the peculiar genius of our society that its rulers have figured out a way, as in the case of the fish-fryers, to ensure that rage is directed precisely against those who actually do get to do meaningful work. For instance: in our society, there seems a general rule that, the more obviously one’s work benefits other people, the less one is likely to be paid for it. source: http://www.strikemag.org/bullshit-jobs/ Well, I'd argue that if people recognize it as something that is happening, you need to provide some evidence that they are wrong. Why would they 'lie' about this? My personal experience is that this video is quite accurate. I'm both fascinated and annoyed to an increasing degree to constantly see everyone around me either 'not present' because they're busy with their phone, or 'half-present' because they're putting the phone between them and their experience (taking photos, recording video, etc.). I'm relatively lucky that I'm in the age bracket that is sort of between these things, where many of my close friends have 'dumb' phones and less of the incessant need to record everything for posterity. But it still bothers me when, at least four times in a two-hour span, one particular friend of mine checks his phone and interrupts a conversation to answer a text message that is not time-sensitive. I don't really see the point, and it breaks up something nice. It's even worse when I observe my sixteen year-old sister. She's constantly 'whatsapping' with friends, chatting on facebook, playing games on her iphone. My mother worries because she spends so much time doing homework, and she gets stressed out as well, but somehow nobody realizes that it's the constant interruption of meaningless chatter that probably slows her down significantly. I can only imagine what the situation is like for her at school. I'm thinking that perhaps the temporary (but lengthy) period in which the iPhone was the most popular phone was, for the most part, an aberration. Apple generally just does it's thing where it doesn't go for the largest market share, but because they were unusually innovative/lucky with the iPhone, they had a period of popularity. The fact that the iPhone 5C isn't the cheap phone we expected seems to confirm this. It seems quite possible that things are 'normalizing' again, and Apple will end up comfortably occupying a big chunk of the high-end space. Maybe they're trying to come up with another killer product category to dominate in, but I wouldn't be surprised if internally this isn't and hasn't ever been their goal. Now, investors might feel different, of course, and I find that interesting to observe. Here in Berlin that's what it's like as well. We have a big lunch, at least those of us who work in an office. Yeah, this has been a big thing in Holland over the years, where they actually remove traffic signs and separation between roads and bike lanes (merging them into one wider street) precisely because it turned out to be safer. It makes complete sense: when rules are based on other people's behavior rather than mindlessly following rules (that others might not, for various reasons), everyone watches out more. Edit: to be clear, as a cyclist, roundabouts (and zebra crossings, for that matter) scare the hell out of me precisely because the rules are less explicit, and one dumb driver who doesn't stop for me might cost me my life. But I still prefer a roundabout that results in me being overly cautious, to traffic lights that I and my fellow commuters mindlessly follow where there is still the same risk of a dumb or distracted driver going through red. I'm probably safer off with roundabouts. Hmm. I think much of Microsoft's success has more to do with the fact that Apple's emphasis on simplicity in design, ease of use, and computer-as-a-lifestyle-product has only recently started paying off, as computers have become more mainstream and provide 'lifestyle value'. I remember growing up a really shoddy looking computer in the house, but nobody cared or wanted better because it was in my dad's office and mostly used for work (and only occasionally for a game or two). So true. I'm extremely sensitive to my surroundings, so I find that the only way to comfortably be around lots of people is by having something that keeps me focused. This is usually my phone, sometimes a book, and occasionally a podcast (both of which could be on my phone). That said, I really hate this new phenomenon, so my solution to this is to have a smartphone, but no internet. As a result, when I do employ my device as a way to avoid being overstimulated, the 'distraction' is at least of some quality, be it a long-form Instapaper article, a chapter of a book, or a podcast that spends an hour on a single topic. It's not perfect, and I still put my phone away whenever I can handle my surroundings, but it works. I mostly agree with you, but I would argue that 'useless time' is far from useless. Boredom is important and valuable, and, as has often been mentioned in discussions like these, the value of 'useless time' is evident when you consider how many good ideas are a result of long showers, other bathroom activities, or periods of sustained 'disconnect'. Time and reflection, I think. I grew up in a culture where television was rather 'new'. Whenever we visited people, they would actually turn the television on . On the other hand, in my home culture the tv has been a presence for decades, and somewhere along the way we've decided that it is rude to turn on the tv when you have visitors. Now I am assuming that the situation in my home culture was similar when tv was new. I'm not at all certain about that. Apple TV, from what I gather, was mostly a side-project for Steve Jobs. Something to play with while the focus was on iPhones and, later, iPads. Especially from that perspective it's actually a huge success, and a good way for Apple to dip its toes in an area that many expect is their next Big Thing. If you look at the general course of Apple, they've generally been quite consistent in their road map. I think the incredible success of the iPhone might cause a slump for a while, but then they'll just continue what they've been doing for a while: releasing good, high-end and profitable products and comfortably occupying multiple niches. Alternatively, they might create a few more iPhone- and iPad-like successes and continue ruling new and existing product categories. In both cases, they'll keep 'shining' for quite some time. If that stops, it'll suck for people like me who are fully invested in their ecosystem. That said, I switched to a Nexus 4 recently and it was surprisingly painless. Yeah, I've felt for a while that we need to start ditching the terms 'front-end' and 'back-end', as there is no way to use these terms anymore without following up with an explanation of what this means. I've been primarily a 'browser developer', with most of my time spent in the Chrome dev tools, editing css, html and 'light' javascript. I call myself a front-ender for this reason. However, over time I find that I prefer the 'real' programming stuff over battling browser quirks and pumping out html/css structures that I learned over time are optimal. I gravitate more and more to what amount to full web apps where I do stuff that requires, to a degree, 'real' programming beyond just a javascript/jQuery widget. That's where the real division is, I think. As I get into more and more complicated development, I become more aware of my limitations and my lack of formal training. This reached a point where calling myself a 'front-ender' is starting to feel less and less applicable, because there's a huge divide between many front-enders I know who are not really programmers, and what I am in the process of becoming, and calling myself a front-ender feels like underselling myself. Interesting perspective. I had the luck, in hindsight, to have ridiculous amounts of freedom until the age of 16. I was homeschooled with my brothers (and eventually two close friends of the same age) and a fresh-out-of-teacher-school 'teacher' who wasn't very good, but was our friend. We had school at her apartment and then all had lunch at my house. Then from age 13 on I was allowed to work at home, where I would usually either skip my homework or use the answer booklet to do it quickly. On a given day, I would spend at most four hours on 'school' and then do whatever I wanted. At first I probably abused this freedom, which led to boredom. So very soon, I started reading every book I could get my hand on, learned some programming and spend most of my early afternoons to evenings playing with kids in the neighbourhood. Then at the age of sixteen I returned to 'normal' life and had massive difficulties adjusting to the regular school system, but I made it through and went on the university. Experiences such as yours solidify my view that the school system we all grow up with is flawed. It teaches us that learning isn't fun, and makes us do silly things and jump through pointless hoops. To be fair, school has to deal with all sorts of kids. If others had been given my freedom they might not have gravitated towards learning, and failed horribly upon returning to regular life. But I'm sure there are many like me, and I hate the thought that they had to put up with the kind of stuff you describe. Maybe it's more like custom-building a wheel to the exact specifications that you figured out when using a 'normal' wheel. Sometimes customization matters. I liked a bunch of the essays I read by him, and loved "A History of Western Philosophy". I'm well aware (and felt his writing made it obvious enough) that it is not necessarily a 'accurate' history of philosophy, but it was a great book with a great approach. I think it is especially this. There's a reason for the thought that the best person to ask for help or a favor is a busy person, as they are more likely to reliably do it if they say yes (and often they do, just as much as less busy people). I've experienced this quite often myself. I remember a period when I was particularly productive and creative, but also very busy two bachelors and three side-jobs. Interesting. This is quite similar to the phenomenon where asking for a favor and giving a pointless reason increases the chance that people will do as you ask. I can't find the research for this, but from what I remember one experiment involved someone going to the front of the line of people waiting at a copy machine at university, and asking if they could go first. Simply appending 'because I need to copy some things' would increase the chance that people would let you go first, despite the fact that it's a pointless justification. Do you really think it's just as easy for a woman to give her child up for adoption as it is for a man to leave the relationship? I mean: really ? Maybe here they don't, but I think generally people see things your way. I don't, and I didn't, even before I got into 'tech' and started reading HN. For me, the statement 'life outside of work is more meaningful than work' just doesn't make sense. While I do treat 'work time' slightly differently than 'free time', the difference is not so great for me. It's mostly to keep some ritual and prevent weeks turning into long blurs. In fact, I've never really treated 'work' as something so discrete. In high school, as soon as I figured out the 'tricks' to not getting kicked out of school and not failing classes, I spent most of my time doing what I wanted. I could skip many classes and engage in the few that interested me. And I had loads of time and energy left to learn stuff that I wanted to learn. Often I could make a deal with teachers to not go to class because when I was present, I was active and engaged, and I treated them like, well, just people, not bosses. In university, there were less hoops to jump through, and there was more freedom, but once again I skipped classes I didn't care for (while making sure that I'd still have a decent grade and participate in group work), and actively engaged in the fun classes. Despite my absence, my targeted interested usually meant that I was one of people that the professors 'knew', rather than just a a face in the crowd. And now, as a freelancer, I do make a point to set aside blocks of time for work, but for the most part I primarily try to make sure that I enjoy whatever I'm doing. Every once in a while a project feels like a chore, but for the most part I can choose the projects or the parts of projects that I enjoy or that I learn from. Most of the time 'work' doesn't feel different from 'life outside work'. I love talking about my work and I'm baffled by my friends who make a point of actively avoiding the topic on a Friday pub night. I occasionally work in the weekend, but it doesn't feel like I'm 'losing' any of my weekend because of this. I occasionally take on projects that pay shit but are fun or helpful, and 'subsidise' this with bigger, often less fun projects. Meanwhile throughout high school and college I saw classmates go to every class no matter the value, diligently do all the exercises 'just because', and complain about how it all sucked. Working as a contractor, I see colleagues drag themselves into work on Monday after a rough weekend of 'outside work life', and joke on a Wednesday about how it's almost Friday. And complain about how much work sucks. I do get that not everyone has the freedom to find work that they enjoy, but what I don't get is that so many people do have that freedom, and quite a good safety net (especially here in Europe), but don't exercise it. The happiest people I've known were generally the ones that didn't make a strict separation between work and 'life', but instead found work that didn't feel like work most of the time. It took a lot of creativity, effort and uncertainty to get there, but the results were worth it. EDIT: I do realize that OP acknowledges this, so perhaps this should not have been a reply. apologies. No offense taken. I do not have children and currently no SO, and I do realize that this makes a big difference. As I mentioned, I do understand that not everyone has the luxury of finding 'nice' work. What I said applies mainly to those that DO have this luxury. I just think a lot of people, especially in Western Europe, have this luxury and don't use it. Shouldn't the knowledge that your freedom is likely to diminish as you get older actually motivate one to not lock into a particular job directly post-college, but instead do everything to ensure that you're on a right 'track'? It just seems so important to make sure that the thing you do with most of your productive time is actually something you enjoy... As for work/life balance: I'm by no means a workaholic most of the time. I work to save a bit, and I keep a low financial profile, and as a result I could potentially get by (currently) on even just two days of work a week. The reasons why I've worked hard were generally 1) saving/pension, 2) passionate about a project, or 3) saving to take significant time off to explore (which in turn often offered me new avenues of revenue or fulfllment) But to provide some context. My main inspiration has come from a somewhat unusual childhood and the unusual lives of the adults that I grew up around, especially my parents. They went 'off the beaten path' early in life: young parents with three young children off to work in a developing nation (and before that basically volunteering). I believe this choice has been crucial in their path. It resulted in years of poverty and uncertainty, but they were young and happy, and found they didn't really need that much. And here in western europe, we have a pretty good welfare system for the real emergencies. As a result, they developed something of an entrepreneurial/adventurous spirit and never quite got back to normal, even though they've been 'home' for the past decade. Their entire approach to life just seems... different, and not primarily because of personality, but because they never went for the 'default'. They never lived above their means. They learned to be happy with very little. My father has a 'regular' job nowadays, but it's something he's passionate about, and there has always been a certain fluidity in how he treats work and the rest of life. My mother started a business a few years ago (shop) and suddenly had to learn everything that comes with that. What I always remember most is that despite growing up relatively poor, and despite a relative lack of security, despite serious illness and hardship, and despite a background that isn't all that great, they're among the most happy people I know. And I think it's primarily because their whole life has been an adventure that they faced together, with us, the kids, in tow. And I've met too many people like them to think they're just a lucky exception. That said, I do not mean to imply that it is the only valid approach, or that this is an option for everyone. It's just that I'm baffled by how many people don't even try. (also, as I'm getting older I'm becoming more and more convinced that having a family is one of the most gratifying things you can have in life, and at least something I deeply respect. I'll probably get me one of those eventually even if it does mean losing some 'freedom' :) ) That's true. But what this means is that I actively try to hold back from talking about work to avoid being a bore... but I still want to! The people I know that actively avoid it, often avoid because they just don't care for their job. Interesting. Maybe it's all about changes in priority throughout life. I feel frustrated to see so many of those around my age settle for and into something that perhaps at a later time would be fine, but just seems like a waste currently. I'm still pretty young, but I already notice how priorities change. I feel less of a need to be part of a 'clique' than a few years ago, for example. But I'm happy that in my college years I joined a student organisation and had all the 'clique' I needed, because I'm pretty sure it would've felt like something I'd missed out on otherwise. My frustrations don't primarily stem from a belief that there is one 'path' that makes everyone happy, but primarily from the belief that, living in the richest part of the world at a time where we're still doing quite well (Holland/Germany/etc.), it's such a waste to settle for less than something that makes you happy. And yet many of my peers do just that. I often try to think of ways to change that, while being mindful that my path to happiness does not apply to everyone (or I try to, anyways. Plenty of youthful arrogance left in me!). Anyways, thanks for the advice/perspective. I'm sure that my priorities will change significantly as I age, and I try to be mindful of that fact. What do you miss most, if I may ask? Doesn't Barcelona get pretty chilly in the winter months? I mean, not as bad as Berlin, but still cold. I've heard even Valencia gets to around 10 degrees celcius in winter. I've been told for the past three years that this is an unusually cold winter :-/. It's also useful for ventures where 100% time is not necessary though. The 'burning your ships' approach can be much more effective in reaching your goal. Not always, but often, to the point where I err on the side of, uh, burning. And 'burning your ships' usually isn't quite as drastic and irreversible as it appears anyways. Let me use friendships and social circles as an analogy. I've had periods in my life where I felt stuck socially. I kinda liked my social circles, I kinda liked my friends, but I yearned for something new or better. I didn't know exactly what though. At first I tried to go to meetups and activities to meet new people. That worked at first, but it turned out to be very difficult to keep up. Because if I had the choice of meeting a bunch of perfectly fine friends on a Friday evening after a busy week, why would I opt instead for a bunch of strangers that one day might, or might not, become new friends? So at some point I just moved to another city, which for me was not such a huge deal, but still a pretty big step. And it worked very well. I had to go and make new friends. And it turned out that I didn't lose the old friends, not the ones that mattered anyways. In fact, those old friendships got a new shine and freshness. That said, I did try a less drastic approach at first, and perhaps that's generally a good idea. But there's no substitute for forcing a change, because doing so incrementally can be quite difficult. By your definition the large majority of the world population is stupid. Which kind of renders the term meaningless, and makes you sound like a bit of a prick. Don't get me wrong: I fit in the autodidact category and everything I've achieved has been through not brainlessly following the rules, being curious, eager to learn, and slightly subversive. And sometimes I find myself thinking in a way similar to you. Often, I get frustrated when I see people around my blindly doing what is 'normal', living by default, and missing out on the tons of opportunities that are out there. It's their own fault, right? And yet, over time, I've come to understand that my lack of 'stupidity' and my lack of 'mediocrity' are, to a large degree, not a result of my own awesomeness and my own awesome choices. They're to a large degree a result of my personality, my intelligence, the unusual way that I've grown up and that I've been raised, a bit of luck, and good timing. These are things I didn't work for. I'm not saying it all just happened and I did nothing for it; I'm proud of the work I did to get here. I'm just saying that it's too easy to call everyone else stupid because they haven't enjoyed the unique concoction of nature and nurture that contributed significantly to what i am. Plus, if anything, these stupid, mediocre people need sympathy and help from those like us, rather than arrogance and high-horse bullshit, don't they? I was writing essentially the same response when I noticed yours. I completely agree with the sentiment. What baffles me most is the idea that someone can value 'stuff' so much that the resulting damage (be it emotional, financial, or practical) justifies such a harsh punishment. Sure, 'stuff' can be important. If someone cheats you out of a large sum of money that you've been working hard for, the damage can be considered large. But I don't think that's what we're talking about here. And even then I'd say 40 years in prison is way out of proportion. I've organically come to a system that works pretty well for me. I browse HN, reddit, Zite (iPad), and sometimes click on links in my fb feed. That's my 'inbox'. Then: 1. Anything I feel like reading right away, I read. 2. an actual article, usually more long-form, I add to my instapaper list. 3. an article that might be interesting, but not right away, or anything else that is worth saving, but not useful right away, I add to Pocket. 4. for any comment pages, or articles that somehow don't go through step 2 or 3, I add them to my OneTab list (by far my most-used chrome plugin). Often these are just things I can't read right away, but I'll probably look at later in the day, or things that instapaper can't handle (HN comments). 5. anything that really stands out, I either add to my OmniFocus inbox, or to my Wunderlist inbox (Because I don't have OF on my phone). With that done, here's how I process stuff: 1. when at my computer, I tend to first check my OneTab backlog. I open a few tabs, and read through them. This is generally during work breaks or lazy moments. 2. On the road, particularly short commutes, I read instapaper articles. I intentionally kept myself from getting internet on my phone so I'll keep from aimless browsing. Interesting snippets or articles then go to my Wunderlist inbox for later processing. 3. On longer trips, or significant downtime, I generally look at Instapaper for the 'better' material. 4. every once in a while, or when I'm reminded of something I read a while back, I check my Pocket 'dump' for the relevant material. All in all, this kind of just started happening through use. I didn't agonize over a workflow, and I'm not sure it's optimal. But it works pretty well. I have tons of articles on Instapaper that are really great, and usually I power through a bunch of them on long trips or vacations. It feels like a security blanket. Good point. I've generally used debounce for live search, and throttle for window resizing, among other things. In hindsight throttle is perhaps better for live search as well. Assuming the interviewer is also a web developer, I think a good 'minimum' would be problems that the interviewer himself often came across. The kind of stuff that you put in some base_functions.js file for all your project, or that you use a library like underscore or lo-dash for. setTimeout is something I had to learn about very early in my web development career. The essentials of jQuery too. Callbacks too, unless all you need is someone who does mainly html+css with a bit of jQuery. The interviewer asked exactly the kind of question that I'd consider a 'minimum'. Of course, as others have pointed out, it also depends on what you're looking for. If you're okay with someone who can learn a lot on the job, and if you don't mind that this person has some basic things to pick up on, you'll probably be focusing more on how the interviewee approaches the problem, and how they interact with you as the interviewer. Agreed. I use setTimeout a lot, but generally don't need to cancel it. But the failure of the interviewee was not the part where he doesn't know how to cancel it, I think, but rather that he didn't know about setTimeout at all. I'd say perhaps especially in front-end, knowledge is much more important than analytic skill. Most of the challenges I face in html and css seem to be more about hacks to get something to work as desired than about properly reasoning about the problem. In fact, this is the primary reason I'm trying to move away from 'vanilla' front-end to more heavy js or backend stuff. I get the impression this is a trait that seems more present in programmer types than many other people, and this fascinates me. I notice this in myself too. I almost always try to reduce/abstract my own problems or issues to 'general principles', and I tend to want to get to the root of things. There are many plausible explanations for this (and obviously I've tried to get to the root of this phenomenon too), but at some point I started reflecting on whether this behavior is a good or bad thing. I think it's both good and bad. It's good primarily because a lot of people look at their own problem in isolation, and share/address them as 'their unique problem', which keeps them from seeing underlying patterns or principles and from tapping into the experiences and observations of the countless others that have had pretty much the exact same problem. But it can also be bad, because not everyone likes being subjected or presented with this kind of generalization, and attempting to think about a problem in a general sense while you are suffering from it yourself complicates the search for solutions immensely (especially practical, direct solutions to implement). Does anyone know if there has been research into this? I never really thought of diving in the the 'psychology' of programmers... I think that's it exactly. For the many websites I've built I noticed that the biggest problems arise when the decision is made to do things in a 'custom' way. Custom back/forward functionality, custom scrollbars, custom 'widgets', and so on. Again and again it turns out more complicated than initially thought, and relying on the DOM and native interface elements would've been quicker and less error-prone. I've been CouchSurfing quite a bit a few years ago, in particular when I was in Rio. Because of an unfortunate sequence of events I found myself having to hop from emergency couch to emergency couch for the first four weeks, usually staying at one place for a few days, and occasionally staying in a hostel to get some relative privacy. Every host was nice, and even if we didn't 'click' it was still a great experience. And after four weeks of that I realized that I'd stayed in many corners of the city, knew a lot of the best places in those areas because my hosts would show me around, and felt like I'd lived there for much longer than just a month. I can definitely recommend it as part of traveling, or even part of relocation. The occasional discomfort is offset by really getting to know a place quickly. "Serendipity's evil twin." That made my evening, for some reason. It's exactly how I'd define the term by how I find it used. Thanks! I'd take a bet that it's mostly the former (and the latter is rather similar to it). It's not just that some people get off on pointing out that something is 'obvious', it's that lots of other people feel the same way. So they upvote. A somewhat similar example that always comes to mind in these cases (and for some reason happens relatively often among my 'geekier' friends) is when someone says 'I don't dream'. There's always a smart-ass around to point out that everybody dreams, but they just don't always remember it. I don't know if that's true, but that's irrelevant.. It might be technically true, but it's pedantic and misses the point of the statement. And it cuts off a potentially interesting conversation for the sole purpose of making this person sound smart. I've noticed myself doing this too (I privately call it 'snoping' someone), and have been trying to avoid it as much as possible since I became aware of it. Are there any downsides to the subreddit approach? If not, wouldn't that be a good solution to the broad userbase problem? What I think a lot of people are missing when comparing bitcoin to the dot-com bubble is that while it was followed by a spectacular crash, not only did the internet 'succeed' anyways, just later, a whole bunch of companies succeeded right along with it. I think there's a big crash coming, but I think that won't say much about the long-term success of bitcoin. The most likely case I see for bitcoin failing is that it's replaced by another cryptocurrency, and that's still great in my book. (I got my original investment back with btc to spare, so thankfully my finances will be unaffected either way) That sounds like a great combination. I've found that volunteering and traveling are wonderful in themselves, but also 'unlock' the ability to write and produce things I want to produce, rather than sit around and do nothing (and eventually feel bad about it). I'll be embarking for something similar, but for about a year. I wish you all the best, and would love to hear what you have to say about humanity. yes, on my laptop. On my iPad I start with 'h' to get hn.premii.com. I've noticed the same thing in musician friends of mine, and I think it really isn't so much that their mindset is different from 'us' hackers, but rather that we spend so much time on virtual stuff that we don't learn to apply our mindset to the real world. In fact, a lot of us probably under-perform when it comes to real-world hacking because we're so caught in the virtual. I know that's true for me. This did give me a bit of a new perspective on things, and makes me wonder if I should start some more real-world hacking... I think that's not doing DocumentCloud justice. While I realize this is a precarious argument, I find it hard to believe that Jeremy Ashkenas, an active HN member, creator of Backbone and CoffeeScript, and someone I've come to respect, would work for a company that offers no value. That's exactly what my reservations are about this approach. Perhaps the problem is not so much that they chose a management-less structure, but rather that they imposed a new approach top-down. Hierarchy isn't always bad, nor are managers. I mean, the army (special case perhaps) probably wouldn't function without it. Perhaps in companies that can experiment in this manner, a better approach is to try and organically grow models that fit that specific company. As another commenter mentioned, you could start with giving developers x% time to do whatever they want, and scale up from that. Then regularly review any metrics that matter to you (the boss), and adjust. The way I see it, humans in any context need structure of some kind. Why not focus on having people that are good at feeling the needs within the company, and grow structures from there. Maybe some parts of the company actually need hierarchy, and maybe others don't. I use quite a few web apps and desktop apps in this space, and have experimented with many more. I find Trello one of the most amazing apps I've used, both in it's general design and in the little details. Especially the little details. My expectations of web apps are generally not so high, so when, for example, trello remembers my input when I accidentally close something, it's a surprise. The most recent discovery I made was that when you hover over a card and press the copy keyboard shortcut, it copies the card. Something I don't use much, but comes in handy every once in a while. I think studying Trello's functionality would be great inspiration to improve your tool! I regularly travel between Amsterdam and Berlin, and I have had the same experience. I avoid the bus because it sucks, I avoid flights because they actually feel longer and more exhausting, and because the door-to-door advantage is only two hours (out of 6 or 7 total). Whenever I can, I take the train. Agreed. I'd be much more accepting of this approach if he mentioned his book at the beginning. I would've still read the whole thing. Maybe you're right, but in this case I do think it is somewhat transitive. Based on what I know about Jeremy, I'm inclined to think he is successful enough work somewhere that he considers 'worthy'. But I'm not certain enough to strongly argue this point :-). I'm pretty sure that's the case in Germany too. I've spent much of my life in a poor, developing country, and in my experience there is a huge difference in how people perceive formal structures in general, but power dynamics in particular. People in charge tend to be more authoritarian, and people in lower positions tend to be more subservient and they do exactly as they're told and no more than that. Except for the ones who have a really obvious stake in the structure's success (owners usually), the thing people in each of these positions have in common is that they do not perceive themselves as individual, autonomous actors with responsibilities, but rather as roles to inhabit and strictly follow - and never go above and beyond. This often led to hilarious and infuriatingly inefficient results, and me and my family constantly marvelled at this, even after ten years in such an environment. Some examples: In construction, the boss would have to be on-site at all times. He'd just be standing there watching his workers work, because if he left, they would immediately slack off. And if he gave instructions, they would follow these instructions to the letter, sometimes with disastrous consequences. When asked why they did something particularly stupid, they'd shrug and explain that they were told to do this and so they just did it. It often had little to do with their abilities. When an individual worker would be promoted to a managerial position, he or she, no matter their personality, would instantly turn into a rather unpleasant bossy character, and not take any initiatives beyond 'managing'. Working alongside their underlings was unacceptable. Seeing this sudden transformation was a bit scary. A translator working for my father wasn't very familiar with computers but when tasked to translate some text using word perfect, she went ahead and started working hard. A few hours in, he checked up on her and while she said everything was fine, he noticed that she hadn't translated more than a page. After some prodding, she explained that she was rather frustrated that as she reached the end of the page, her earlier translations vanished. It turned out that she had translated a screen full of text multiple times and simply didn't understand that off-screen text was still there. At no point did she feel an urge to ask about this, despite her frustration. I could keep going, but what really struck me, again and again, was the sense of lemming-like behavior that people exhibited as soon as they were assigned a role, the huge inefficiencies of having multiple people do very specific jobs that one person could do faster and better in the same amount of time, and the complete lack of a sense of 'professional pride' in their roles. What was especially interesting about all this is that my 'home' culture (Holland) is pretty much on the extreme other end of the scale (often, not always): bosses dress down and tried to avoid any kind of pulling rank (to a fault sometimes), employees have opinions on everything, even things outside their responsibility, and they express these opinions vocally and often with little regard of rank and appropriateness. Flat power structures (polder model) are favored over big hierarchies. When children in this developing nation talked back to their parents, they'd receive punishment whether they were correct or not. When Dutch kids talk back we consider them cute and precocious. These are broad strokes, of course, but these differences were apparent time and time again. I have some theories as to why this is the case, but none that seem to fully explain these massive differences. I've looked into this, and from what I can tell the amount of study is too limited to say anything conclusive, and there are no inherent reasons to assume e-cigs are particularly hazardous. Most of the risk seems to relate to lack of testing by the FDA (or similar institutions), or questions over the effects of inhaling particular chemicals that are otherwise harmless. That said, of course the right approach is to say 'we need to test more; can't prove it's harmless'. But I would be quite surprised if e-cigs do turn out to be harmful (enough to ban them). And it seems pretty much impossible to me that e-cigs would get even close to being as hazardous as tobacco. With that in mind, I generally advise smokers to consider e-cigs, and I advise non-smokers to stay away. I would love to hear more arguments against e-cigs though. I don't feel a strong need to defend them, as I'm currently a heavy smoker and ideally I want to quit entirely at some point. I don't have a link right now, but I recall there was a study done in Italy that indicated that e-cigs are quite effective as cessation aids. In particular the ability to slowly decrease the nicotine level, so that the smoker eventually only has to 'quit' the habitual side of things. Interesting. I was under the assumption that nicotine is no more dangerous than caffeïne, and that the primary danger of smoking is inhalation of burning tobacco particles (and some other chemicals). A cursory glance at the wikipedia article also doesn't mention that nicotine is that dangerous. Could you elaborate? I'm honestly curious. Cool. Might use that. On the other hand, making it easier to toggle might not be the best idea... I've tried to think of the best way to make this obvious. This is what I came up with, and I'd like to hear if it's accurate: Contestant picks a door out of three. 1/3rd chance he's got the car. Then he is given the choice to either stick with his door, or do a coin-toss where you have to pick heads. In this case, it seems obvious that option for the coin-toss is the better option, because it gives you a 50% chance of winning. The confusing part of the problem is that you feel like you're doing one thing, where really it's two independent games where one clearly offers a bigger chance of winning. That said, some people here have mentioned that it's not actually a 50% chance if you switch doors. So maybe my explanation is incorrect? And if it's incorrect, is it still correct enough to show that switching doors (i.e. opting for the coin-toss) is the better option? I believe this is what Apple did brilliantly with their Christmas commercial ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImlmVqH_5HM ). Could he perhaps be both? I find this very interesting. Could you maybe give some more context? What age is this friend, and how long have you been friends? What has changed besides the increase facebook usage? On the one hand I tend to believe (as others have remarked) that usually the explanation for such a change is simpler than we're inclined to think. It could just be that over time your interests diverged, for example. Or that your friend is just growing older and valuing conversation in itself over conversation as a way of exchanging ideas (similar perhaps to my observation that many people around me grow less ideologically-driven as they get older). I've seen this happen with some of my friends, and it's not necessarily a bad thing. On the other hand, I've spent a lot of time observing people around me talk and interact with computers/social media, trying to see patterns emerge, and my observations fit your experience. An example: for a few years I was a reddit-addict, and would spend hours just clicking on gifs, short videos, reading funny comments, and generally consuming that kind of short-attention-span content. So did my younger brother. And I noticed that many of our conversations would turn into 'did you read this', 'haha, yes', 'oh and look at this' type of stuff. It reached a point where we weren't just sharing trivial content, but mostly just comparing what trivial content we were both aware of (which created a sense of togetherness, I suppose). Since then, I moved on to slightly more 'heavy' content (partly through HN), and my brother curbed his reddit use. Our conversations now our much more meaningful and we often have multi-part conversations that span months on a single topic. My youngest brother, on the other hand, is firmly in the reddit/9gag area, and I often notice a discrepancy in conversation between the three of us. For me and my other brother, even a silly meme can be the starting point of some kind of analysis, however inane, and we linger on the issue, whereas my younger brother has a tendency to move straight on to the next inane-but-entertaining thing. This sometimes causes a bit of awkwardness in the conversation as we seem to have different purposes. While part of my is, as said earlier, inclined to believe that the explanation might be different or simpler (personality, for example, or age), the fact that I've seen our individual behavior correlate strongly to our media use, at different ages, and regardless of our rather distinct personalities, leads me to think that perhaps media use is a huge factor. If the goal is interesting conversation, I completely agree. That said, I've actually learned to 'stick' with friends that weren't similar enough to me in interests, beliefs or conversational styles, and I believe my life is better off as a result. There was a period in my life where I mostly had 'engaging' friendships, but I noticed that it resulted in a certain disconnectedness from the rest of the world. I would often find myself unable to engage with the 'small talk people' or those that didn't seem to have anything in common with me for other reasons. And I didn't like that. So I started learning to engage with exactly those people, practicing ways to still have engaging conversation, but also enjoy 'inane smalltalk'. And I noticed that sometimes it was precisely these types of people that would give me 'aha' moments, often right in the middle of some inane conversation. Or perspectives I would've never considered. In an ideal world this would be the case. In my experience, and that of many guys I know, it is not so clear. I'll have to choose my words carefully. 'Not raping someone is pretty easy' in itself is correct. The rest of the paragraph, in my opinion, is simplifying the situation too much. > It's not difficult to gauge what someone is comfortable with Yes, it is. I am pretty good at reading body language. Better than most, I'd say. No worse, at least. And yet I and many of my friends have experienced a number of situations where a girl seemed 'comfortable' but later ended up expressing that she wasn't entirely. This seems to happen too often and with too many different types of people to be just an anomaly, in my view. > and, if you can't gauge it, simply ask them. That assumes that you have a suspicion and that there's no downside to that. It's really, really awkward to constantly ask a girl if whatever you're engaged in 'is okay' if it all seems okay. Not only can it actively curb any positive sexual energy in the situation, it's a bit odd to have to do this to begin with. > They'll actually appreciate it. If they don't, then you dodged a bullet. I think every single one of my female friends has, in moments of unguarded conversation, expressed a dislike of a guy constantly asking 'approval', and a strong fantasy about a guy 'taking charge'. Now, that said, a number of my friends (including myself) have 'dodged bullets' with girls who seemed completely up for sex, but after repeated inquiry 'weren't really that into it'. The bullet that we dodged was the girl feeling shit about it the next day (at the very least). None of us want to be the guy that makes a girl feel violated (or at least shit about what happened), but on the other hand we also want to engage in sex and are actively taught that girls like us to take initiative and charge. It's a difficult issue. My optimal solution is just err on the side of caution, and, as you say, 'just ask', and ask all the time. I wish it wasn't necessary, but it seems that in the current sexual landscape there are still many more cases were a woman feels like she was pushed too far, compared to men (although I have actually had this experience). So in that sense I agree with your approach. But it's not as simple as you make it out to be. Sexuality and male-female interaction rarely is. I tried 2 Civs after Civilization 2, but they both seemed to miss some... magic. So I usually ended up playing Alpha Centauri again (I think most of the civ2 devs actually moved to make that, perhaps that's why the other civs seem lacking). Would you say it's worth trying the last one, I would I likely feel the same as I did about 3? I recently started gaming after two years of being too focused on my business. I've been playing lots of Mark of the Ninja and Fez on my Mac with an xbox controller. Other than that I've mostly be replaying 'older' games, though. Ninja Gaiden, Super Mario Galaxy, Yoshi's Story, Metroid Prime, Beyond Good and Evil, and a bit of Exile 3: Ruined World (excellent!) > He also disagreed that a platform in the mainstream media was necessary to influence the debate. > “If you take a look at the progressive changes that have taken place in the country, say, just in the last 50 years – the civil rights movement, the antiwar movement, opposition to aggression, the women’s movement, the environmental movement and so on – they’re not led by any debate in the media,” Chomsky said. “No, they were led by popular organizations, by activists on the ground.” I strongly support what Chomsky is doing, not because I agree with him (I often don't), but because he spends most of his time convincing (young) people that grassroots movements and protests are not useless. Most of my peers in their twenties or thirties have strong values, but have a incredibly fatalistic/defeatist approach to reality. They are often very conscientious about their food, their (local and global) social and ecological environment, slavery, social injustice, and other issues. They actively participate in volunteer work too. But they consider protests pointless, they consider fighting for any kind of value they hold pointless (or 'inappropriate') and any other kind of activism pointless. Chomsky is one of the voices that makes some of 'us' believe that the battle is worth fighting. Spot on! Maybe it's beneficial to use a term that doesn't make people defensive ('privileged? me? I worked hard to get where I am!), but I do agree it's important to make people aware of it. A week or so ago one of our former Dutch politicians wrote a column about 'the elite' in Holland. This resulted in a highly entertaining but tragic borderline-flamewar between said politician and some well-known Dutch people. Entertaining because it was fascinating to see such 'impactful' people commenting on an internet forum, and tragic because the discussion became about the term 'elite' and the perceived insult by the 'accused' individuals, rather than about the point of the article: pointing out the reality of there being an 'elite' and asking some relatively open questions on what this realization means. I feel this is an inherent risk of 'observational' statements, and perhaps a risk taken disproportionately by the more 'geek' types. It happens so often that I will make an observational statement that is interpreted as a value judgment, that I've started avoiding it. Because even if I carefully point out that it is an observation, and even point out that my observation might be wrong, it often results in a discussion that I didn't want to start. I've noticed this disconnect especially often with my more artistic friends. It's like they can't discern a statement from an opinion. They also tend to have an intense hatred for any statement that aggregates, preferring to stick to direct observation, but that's another story. > I agree with your conclusion and your arguments, but I'm very very hesitant to make any arguments or caveats that may weaken the case of caution for those kind of on the fence on the topic. Excellent point. I did not mean my post as a bunch excuses, but I do see that even if I don't, others might, and that this might be reason enough to avoid nuance. What I forgot to mention though, is that everything I said pretty much exclusively applies to casual sex. Pointing out the complications in that scenario might prompt others to realize the risks involved (not even considering legal issues), and communicate more clearly. I think too many people, especially college-age, forget that sex didn't just magically become 'casual'. We're in a strange period in time where many sexual 'rules' are upended, and the resulting confusion should not be treated too 'casually'. Many conversations I've had with both men and women indicate that there are a lot of misconceptions, and that there can be a lot of pain involved. Good point. I studied social psychology and communications, and in both fields I found the difficulty, and motivation/engagement levels shockingly low. Observing friends of mine who studied philosophy, engineering or physics painted a completely different story. I don't really understand the rationale behind making kids choose a master right from the start. My experience at university and that of many others is that not only do we often end up choosing a master's that we wouldn't have thought of initially, we often even switch bachelor's early on, or change direction midway. Spot on. I mostly agree with the content of mjburgess' comments, but I feel they're not really justified in this context. I occasionally read a comment here that seems to be fawning a bit too much over pg, and just shrug and move on. I don't get the impression that there's a serious personality cult thing going on, nor do I get the impression that pg actively cultivates such a thing. pg writes candidly (but respectfully) from the perspective of someone who has been very successful in some areas, and has opinions on other areas. His world view shines through clearly and he doesn't seem to claim authority (or not too often, anyways) on the issues. In fact, I started enjoying his articles long before I was even aware of HN or of who he was. He just seemed like a bright dude with interesting articles to me. I find everything he writes fascinating, and the closer to his expertise, the more 'value' I ascribe to his writing. But he isn't, nor does he seem to want to be, some kind of guru on all matters of life. He seems pretty honest. The fact that he has a relatively small group of starry-eyed followers exhibiting cult-like behavior is not really his fault, but just a natural consequence of his fame/success. I don't think it warrants mjburgess' response. But maybe I'm missing something or underestimating the degree of cult-like following going on? I suppose this all hinges on how you define 'fair'. As long as there is no agreement on that, it's hard to discuss this issue in a meaningful way. Fair, from my perspective, is taking care of others, especially those weaker than me. I happen to have been born in a nurturing environment, with above-average intelligence, and lots of valuable experiences that inform my decisions. While I do work hard, it sometimes shocks me how many things 'came free' for me. From my perspective, it is not wrong that I happen to have won the lottery. It is also not wrong that others have not, and have less than me. But I would say it is unfair for me to not share my advantage with others, and to try to increase happiness of those around me through this. That said, I respect that your view of fairness is different. I just don't like it, and choose to be different, and I'll fight for my version of fair... Why do you think that will change? I'm expecting the CS market to be doing well for at least a decade (unless there's some kind of apocalypse). My impression is that not trying in itself is (to a degree) an effect of being poor. I feel people often forget that poverty affects the mind as much as the physical reality, and that makes the whole issue a lot more complicated. You had a stroke of luck by falling in love with computers. Did you do that because you knew it would pay off down the road? My story is similar, only I decided to study communications and didn't do much computer stuff for half a decade. I quit halfway through my master's because I hated what I'd seen of academia. Faced with the need to make a living, I started doing freelance webdesign/development. I've done very well for myself ever since. I didn't choose to go into web development because I knew it would be lucrative (more so than finishing my degree even). I also didn't choose to become a geek and tinker with computers at an early age. I got lucky, and I'd argue that you did too. We're lucky that our passion is in demand. That said, I worked really hard. I started out with clients that were way out of my league, and spent many nights frantically learning as much as I could. It wasn't just luck. But luck played a big role. I agree with you, but an argument can be made that if we stay the course, the outcome (through ecological damage, overproduction, loss of natural resources) might be worse than the relative short-term misery of revolution. Whether a post-revolution world will not make the same mistake is not a given, but at least things might be better in that regard. That said, I personally would probably better of navigating the current system, but then I'm part of a relative minority that does okay currently. An interesting question is whether those 'in power' can keep from wanting more though. Those who have a lot keep taking more until those who have nothing react violently. It seems to me that this has been the case in the past, and I don't see why this time will be different. That thought has crossed my mind, but I think the advantage of being well connected might not be enough. A scenario: Imagine a powerful politician being approached by some shady guy in a trenchcoat who does not officially work for anyone. Shady guy produces some kind of material that, at best, is deeply embarrassing and personally damaging, and at worst, embroils said politician in a scandal that would cause professional damage, possibly even result in legal issues that this politician's power isn't enough to withstand. Considering such a scandal is there to expose, said politician is probably not a paragon of virtue. Would this politician not bend to will of the shady guy? Even if he knew that shady guy is NSA, he could probably not prove it and exposing this knowledge would cause the damaging material to do it's job and only cast suspicion on the NSA. I think the reason why the NSA could easily use information to blackmail politicians is that secrets are by definition kept hidden to as few people as possible. As such, these collectively powerful individuals can still be privately vulnerable, and are likely to opt for keeping their secrets over fighting some 'faceless' organization. Speaking of history... I notice a great deal of arm-chair anger all around me combined with a strong lack of faith that anything can change. Most of my friends, even those with some political engagement, consider things like protests (peaceful or otherwise) completely ineffective and keep any kind of moral change limited to their personal lives. Do you have an idea of how common this kind of situation has been in the past? Is it a natural step in a growing anger, or is our situation somewhat special? Slavoj Zizek seems to mention this issue in some form or other quite often. He argues, as far as I understand, that a big difference between 'us' and previous generations is that we seem to both disapprove and accept the status quo to an unprecedented degree. I've also heard others claim that we are a 'silent generation' that just kind of tries to be different in the private sphere, and leave it at that. I don't know if this is true, but I do know we often consider our situation unique when even a cursory look at history shows that it isn't. Indeed. Perhaps the most hopeful thing to say about technology is that it is a disrupting force, and at least offers some interesting new avenues to explore (both for good, and evil, though). A few years ago I used some wiki-style tool for Windows to keep track of all my notes. When I switched to a Mac, I couldn't run it anymore. I started using another tool called Journler, and copied all my data over to it. Took me quite a while. Then Journler was discontinued, and I realized there was no way to export the notes without losing all kinds of metadata. I briefly considered Evernote, but this time I didn't want the same thing to happen. So instead, I settled for Notational Velocity (NVAlt, specifically), which uses plain text files. The files reside in a dropbox folder, and I use SimpleNote on my iPad and some other app on my Nexus. I can also use a whole bunch of other text-editing tools if they have dropbox support. While my solution only works for plain text, it's served me well and I'll never be locked into some (buggy) tool again. maybe DevonThink could work? I like how it stores my data. At least in my experience it's a hype that provides an 'alternative' to the OO approach. Which I hope means that people will have more options when choosing an approach, rather than shoehorning everything into the OO paradigm. From what I recall, Pinker makes no such assertion. Rather, he argues that we underestimate genetic effects and that while this is understandable from an ethical/political perspective, it is ultimately harmful. In fact, I vaguely recall that on the issue of parenting he argued that genetics play a big role, but that so does parenting. Basically, he's arguing that we factor in genetics more, not that we disregard parenting and social environment as a significant factor. (but be sure to let me know if I'm wrong. It's been quite a while since I read The Blank Slate) Having spent significant time of my youth in a bad neighbourhood (with awesome, stable parents though), and having spent much of my later life with people on the edges of society, I can confirm this. It's reached a point where I'm shocked to not eventually hear some awful stories about childhood of these people. pigeon milker would be the translation in Dutch, but perhaps it has a special meaning in Flemish... So here's a question that has been on my mind for a while. I regularly read articles on some aspect of our society that is distressing. Articles such as this one, as well as articles on 'consuming devices killing creativity', 'bite-sized articles keeping us from reading bigger material like books', 'our school system turning us into automatons', and so on. While I find myself agreeing with some of these articles based on my observation of myself and others, I can't help but wonder to what degree they actually apply to 'the larger population'. All these people mindlessly consuming memes on their devices could be creating something new instead. That's wasted potential. But would they in any other time period, faced with the societal dangers of those times, be any more creative? All these people reading bite-sized articles could be reading meatier material instead. Again, wasted potential. But there was a time were much of these people couldn't even read, or didn't have access to much information, so any reading and awareness of the world at large by chunks of the population is a win anyways. And before we had schools, didn't most people follow some other kind of pre-determined path that shaped them to function appropriately in their respective societies, losing potential in the process? Basically, when discussing these supposed problems, are they really problems, or do these things just fall short of what we can imagine, some potential that we project on the entire population (which is not a bad reason for discussing them, of course)? Isn't it the case that in any time period there are only smaller subsections of people who create, research, and/or people who are autodidacts that eschew a traditional education for something different? Would those of us who are amusing ourselves to death not simply do something else 'mindless' in previous generations? > In the past, at least in my 3rd world country, people were much more interesting in politics, health, education, etc. I've been thinking about this too, but I can't help but wonder if the higher interest in "politics, health, education, etc." wasn't just mindless distraction in disguise. I grew up in a developing nation where it appeared that people were more engaged with these sorts of things, but it every discussion could be appended with '...but hey, that's the way it is'. There are periods in time where a society is more engaged as a whole, and there are subsections of society that are, among other things politically engaged. Of course. But I truly wonder how different all that 'reading the papers and discussing politics' actually is from 'looking at funny political memes and reading short blog entries on what's wrong with the world'. > Just see how nobody besides IT people and the media cares about the NSA scandal. That is a good point. But have we historically really done much better in this regard (other than some 'flare-ups' like the sixties)? I felt The Shield dealt with it very well though, especially the developments in the final episodes. We're supposed to hate all the people in the story that torture, and the 'wrong' of empathizing with them is spelled out in the end (in a much better way, I feel, than The Sopranos did). In fact, I remember being somewhat shocked by Ryan's follow-up, "The Unit", which seemed much more pro-violence and torture (perhaps through some influence of David Mamet). It is a stawman argument, precisely because it's not a good analogy; instead it's basically an example of Godwin's Law. The reason why your 'analogy' isn't really such is that setting up a facebook account with just your name, which is all you'd have to do, is nowhere close in severity to willingly following a dictator. It's not analogous. > That's the same for any language. Especially those that don't just clone the language you already know. I don't think that's true. Sure, it takes a bit of time to learn a new syntax, a bit more time to learn language-specific concepts. And every language has it's gotchas and quirks. But most languages I've worked with, even javascript ('the good parts'), are ultimately quite consistent and allow you to focus on solving actual problems pretty quickly. CSS, on the other hand, has tons of quirks that lead to issues that require either annoying trial-and-error to fix, after-the-fact bugfixing for particular devices or browsers, or a deep knowledge of the logic involved. Back in high school, I loved mathematics and physics, because difficult things felt 'fair'. And figuring them out felt satisfying. On the other hand, I disliked biology and to a lesser degree chemistry, because it seemed like there were gotchas and quirks everywhere that required rote memorization, not understanding. Or at least not at a high school level. I've only met a handful of people who seemed to really know the fundamentals of css. These people read the specs, but also played a role in the development of new css features. I think there's still a market for 'true' css/html experts. Knowing the exact ins and outs of html and css across browsers and platforms is arcane knowledge, and if you know this you might get away with not being much of a programmer. It's just really boring. Specialization is key in this regard. If you're really, really good with CSS and HTML, you can find decently paying work doing just that. If you don't specialize in that way, you should probably catch up on 'real' programming what with all the developments in front-end development, and you might even get away with rudimentary css knowledge. I'd say the one category of people that might have to worry about future jobs is the 'designer with decent but not expert HTML and CSS knowledge'. Indeed. As a contractor I often have to use the latest and greatest because project leads read about it somewhere and designers go wild. Which means that the work is not significantly easier because the goal-posts just moved. But for smaller clients that I have full control over, I usually take a subset of functionality that I know is stable and consistent by now, and I only go for bleeding-edge stuff if the budget allows it (because, of course, it is fun to play with shiny new stuff). You're right, and I often try to do as you say. But in the end the customer's wishes are the deciding factor for me, and unfortunately they often don't budge despite my argumentation. And I consider myself pretty good at convincing and explaining. If I were a full-time employee, I would fight hard, but I feel that my role as a freelancer is to inform, and then do as the client asks anyways, within reason. Rounded corners on ie7 is within reason, as far as I'm concerned. Obviously if a client keeps insisting on all sorts of ridiculous things, my enjoyment of the project plummets and I might look elsewhere for projects that I actually enjoy. But that's only because I can afford to say no in the current economy. Indeed! I tend to play the more minimal techno (that is so popular here in the Berlin club scene). Sometimes even some Prodigy. Not only does it show new comment count, it highlights the unread comments in the thread itself. I've become so reliant on HNES that I avoid accessing hacker news on other devices (and when I have to, I use hn.premii.com). Interesting. I had the same reaction. Might be a combination of the font being serif and the text being too light. Is there a possibility that any of the people that observed you doing this told you about it at a later time? When I first discovered this test, I made all my friends take it. Out of them, two stood out as highly skeptical to the whole concept, and disagreeing with the resulting type. Somewhere at the bottom of the description for their type, and only for their type out of the 16, it mentioned specifically that this type 'hates these kinds of things' (or something like that). If that is true, why would these companies spend so much on advertising? Having spent most of my life in a very tight-knit, conservative religious group, I've found that it's the interaction between shared beliefs, shared values, frequent 'formal' and informal get-togethers, a sense of care for 'our own' and a sense of purpose (salt of the earth). And probably a bunch of other, less-obvious things. About seven or eight years ago I lost my faith, and I have not found anything that quite replaces that. It's quite worthwhile, but obviously very difficult if 1) you don't actually believe what said group does, and 2) you actively dislike some of their beliefs (homophobia, etc.). But even with all the bad stuff, I might one day join a church again. Interesting. Is this also the case for siblings or other family relationships that are not parent-child? In my own experience I've seen quite a few businesses run by, say, the youngest son who essentially hired his older brother. I have no idea about the statistics on this; I'm just wondering. And in my surroundings, I'd argue that adulthood (vague as that concept might be) often has not fully emerged even at thirty. It is interesting that Apple seems to have been focusing lately on mobility at the expense of more 'sexy' improvements. When talking to people around me, the battery life of devices rarely comes up, and yet in my own experience the most important improvements that I notice in day to day use of laptop, and tablet, has the battery life. I'm not saying that it's exclusively Apple that focuses on this. That's beside the point. Rather, I find it interesting that so often the wrong trade-offs are made for so long and by everyone. Loneliness has been one of the issues consistently on my mind for at least the past few years. From my early twenties on I've always lived in big cities. During my studies I was part of a student organization (very much like a fraternity), and after that I moved around between cities and as a result I made many friends, particularly 'expats'. As I got closer to them, no matter what personality or lifestyle they had, loneliness was a common feeling. This often led to intense unhappiness and even outright depression, and some of these friends eventually returned to their home cities or college cities because they missed their friends. Over time I started thinking more and more about this issue, as it clearly seems to be a problem, and a big one at that. I thought about the causes, but most importantly I tried to think of solutions. When it comes to causes, one tentative conclusion I have come to is that the (post-?) modern Western European lifestyle basically sets us up to be lonely. We compartmentalize our lives to a degree that I haven't experienced as much in developing nations. Our work is separate from our 'personal' life, as are our variety of relationships. Our spouses might have never met our colleagues, our colleagues never met our friends, our friends might never meet our parents, and so on. The result is a fragmented life where you aren't automatically part of some community, but where you actively have to maintain individual and group relationships. Another effect is that we can (and might have to) be so many different people in so many different situations, and that we often have to start from scratch because we move, change jobs, break up, and so on. On top of that, we often live alone, and put a big emphasis on our individual goals and happiness. Contrast this with a more 'traditional' society with many family-run shops, often inside or near the house, huge families that often live in proximity, and a strong sense of responsibility for these family ties. It's hard to be lonely in such a situation (although it does exist, and when it does it can be quite severe). I've reached a point where I sometimes wonder if our individualism and emphasis on freedom is worth the drawbacks, of which loneliness is a big one. In my surroundings at least, loneliness needs to be actively fought. And one could argue that the pressure resting on a partnership or starting a family is sometimes too much of a burden, precisely because it is, at least in my world, one of the few remaining approaches (or at least 'convenient' approaches) to not be alone. I've been thinking a lot about experimenting with different ways of living together and creating new forms of community. I've seen successful neighbourhood initiatives, for example, where people start interacting more on a local level. I've seen many flatshares that play a part in keeping loneliness away. And I've spent much of my life living in 'communal' environments that were wonderful, especially growing up. The odd thing about all this is that I am quite solitary and don't generally feel lonely. I can easily spend days, even weeks, mostly by myself. And yet this problem bothers me tremendously. I've been rambling and my apologies for any lack of coherence or over-generalizing. Let me end with a quote that hopefully does contribute something. It prescribes what I've personally experienced to be a surefire way to avoid loneliness, and to foster real connections (and fast, often!): "We waste so much energy trying to cover up who we are when beneath every attitude is the want to be loved, and beneath every anger is a wound to be healed and beneath every sadness is the fear that there will not be enough time. When we hesitate in being direct, we unknowingly slip something on, some added layer of protection that keeps us from feeling the world, and often that thin covering is the beginning of a loneliness which, if not put down, diminishes our chances of joy. It’s like wearing gloves every time we touch something, and then, forgetting we chose to put them on, we complain that nothing feels quite real. Our challenge each day is not to get dressed to face the world but to unglove ourselves so that the doorknob feels cold and the car handle feels wet and the kiss goodbye feels like the lips of another being, soft and unrepeatable." I almost never get lonely, and love being alone. A big part of this is just personality, I think, but there are two other factors that contribute. First of all, as you mention, I practiced being comfortably alone. I intentionally traveled alone, and sometimes chose to sit in a bar all by myself, just taking in the sights and (initially) feeling very self-conscious. But another important factor is that being alone is a choice for me. If I don't want to be alone, I have plenty of close friends, acquaintances, and activities that would alleviate loneliness. In fact, the latter might be a much bigger factor that I've realized. The only times I recall feeling lonely were when I felt a need to socialize or talk to a friend, but couldn't, or being at a party with nobody to talk to. > Sometimes I do that explicitly. E.g., "When you interrupt me like that, I feel like you're not interested in what I have to say." Please keep doing that! I struggle with shutting up or not interrupting people, because I get carried away and because I grew up in a household where everyone always forcefully asserted themselves (to the point where less-forceful friends thought we were fighting all the time). I often feel quite bad afterwards when I realize that I hogged the conversation, especially because I've had periods in my life where I was excessively shy and felt awful when people did this to me. My only saving grace, perhaps, is that while I might not seem to be listening, I soak up everything the other says, and often get back to that or let it influence my opinions. It's mostly a conversational 'style'. But please tell people like me to shut up. It works, we deserve it, it makes us aware that we get carried away and, from what I've seen, most of 'us' quickly get over the reprimand. While it seems like a good thing that the mass surveillance seems to not actually stop terrorist attacks, I feel a bit uncomfortable about this line of argument 'against' the NSA. What if they did foil many terrorist attacks? I might feel different if me or mine had been affected by such an attack, but I'd like to think that I would still be against mass surveillance, simply because the dangers of that are not offset by being safer. Might such a comment be used against you? Just curious. I'm moving towards doing more of my own projects, but for the past two year's I've been quite happy with contracting three to five days a week. It's harder to work on your own stuff when you're working for someone else in an office for more than three days, but it's a good way to save up some money and it's nice for a change. And while the author is at it, he should stop complaining about anything because there is always someone worse off than him! So a prime directive of sorts, perhaps? Let me know if you get anywhere recreating it! Exactly! I am happy being alone because it's a choice. And you're right that the blog post is about loneliness, not solitude. I had the luck of being dragged out of my loneliness by some wonderful people (I'm not necessarily mentally and psychologically strong at all), and I only learned to be happily alone after that. But the ability to choose is crucial indeed. Here in Berlin living in shared housing post-college is quite acceptable. It doesn't necessarily mean that you share much, but it's always more communal than living alone. I think it's a very good thing, and I'm happy to see that this is becoming more common in other cities too (sometimes for 'bad' reasons like housing prices, but still). http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7581.The_Book_of_Awakenin... I can't vouch for the book as I only read a few pages, but the quote is one of my favorite quotes. Maybe Pandora's model changed, but the one thing that set it apart from other platforms is that its music recommendation is not based on 'other music that people like who also like this track/artist', but rather on a number of properties of the track itself. As a result, you get recommendations that are musically similar, but often new and unexpected. To stand out, it often pays off to be different, especially when it comes to 'normal' things. The reasons for doing so are, I suspect, often a murky combination of on the one hand truly wanting to be different and applying that in all areas of life, and on the other hand just a need to signal how different you are. Whatever the reasons, it can be really irritating to those close to you, but it pays off when it comes to those further away and your 'legacy'. And those close to you get used to it anyways and might even sort of like it despite the superficial frustration. I have quite a few friends who are 'different', and without exception their 'differentness' at times crosses over into what I'd consider bullshit territory. But even the bullshit differences seem to be worth the drawback of minor irritations to those close to them, at the greater benefit of signalling their differentness in an obvious way. Is it possible to hyperfocus the way Feynman did when you have ADD though? From my limited understanding, the 'hyperfocus' is really just a focus on smaller things, not sustained obsession with specific, difficult problems. I recognize many symptoms of ADD in myself, but most of these have to do with boredom. I just cannot sit through a lecture if it doesn't capture my interest, and I get distracted. I find it difficult to converse sometimes, because an argument is one I've heard once too often, or it's with one of those people where I can finish most of their sentences. But when I find the right topic, I can easily spend days obsessed with specific things. In fact, it seems that it's all or nothing for me. Is that a characteristic of ADD? Could it be that it's primarily the feeling of being stuck, of not being able to move ahead, that causes this self-pity and self-destructive behavior? I've found in most of my interactions with people, including the very poor, the feeling of control, the feeling of being able to shape your destiny, is what differentiates those who remain poor from those who work their way out of it. It differentiates those who spiral into depression or addiction from those who don't. Alcoholism, self-pity, and/or ridiculous amounts of television watching are a problem, but seem to be a symptom more than a cause. > The reason crowds of people exhaust me is that I am constantly trying to read and understand the feelings and motivations of those around me. Your theory is interesting, and I'm curious to hear how you'd interpret my situation. I get equally exhausted from being around people, but my problem is not so much that I am constantly trying to read and understand people, but rather that I seem to pick up and mirror the incessant (negative) emotions all around me when I'm in a group, with little filtering. So if two colleagues get into a bit of an argument, I pick up on their negativity and feel my energy slowly drain away. Even if I don't really know them or care about them. For much of my life I tried to address this by trying to understand the details of the situation and ideally by playing a role in solving it. That didn't really help much, and more recently I've allowed situations to just be. But while that gives me more peace of mind, it actually seems to increase my sensitivity to things around me. It's reached a point where I try to manage it by avoidance: taking a bike instead of public transport to avoid seeing someone cry or get into a fight, focusing on my work as a contractor/freelancer to avoid a draining eight hours in an office, socializing less when my energy levels feel particularly low, etc. While this solution works, it's not ideal, as I do have a strong desire to interact with others on a meaningful level. That reminds me of one of my favorite Onion articles: http://www.theonion.com/articles/area-man-constantly-mention... I see no reason to move away from OneTab as a way to manage my huge backlog of links, as well as a few starred and/or named 'groups'. That said, I really like the presentation and Thumbprick seems like a nice idea. I just don't see the need right now. Anything that is more important than what I use OneTab for, I store in Notational Velocity. Maybe look into OneTab for some extra inspiration? I completely agree with you. Having spent a lot of time in a developing nation and one of the wealthy nations in the world, television and 'comparative wealth' are only a piece of the puzzle. Family plays a huge role, as does 'locus of control'. So many people I met were very happy having a huge extended family, close ties with neighbours, and some scrappy shop that was just an extension of their home. Happier than most of the affluent managerial class I interact with on a daily basis nowadays. And yet they had televisions on, 24/7, that broadcasted this wealth. It affected them, and many were lured to a life they hoped would be better, but clearly it wasn't the decisive factor in their level of happiness. I'm still very much trying to figure out how this works, but my deeply conservative Christian background often seems to provide answers, however uncomfortable that realization makes me at times. This sounds absolutely horrible, but it raises a questions. I'm a guy, and I tend to be quite aware of things happening around me. If I were to notice things unfold as described in this post... Assuming I'm not in charge: is it preferable that I somehow try to play a role in this, or would this only make everything more complicated/awkward. Should I stay back and just be pissed off? What would be the best way to approach this situation? > Don't be afraid to tell people when you are not okay. It's fine. Knowing you are not okay is the first step to rescue yourself. So true. I've known many people who suffered deeply, and reaching out to friends was an important step to recovery. I've experienced this myself too. It's kind of odd, really, that we don't do this, and perhaps equally odd that we don't watch out for each other a little better. It's like we collectively pretend that we're perfectly okay, and we don't want to ruin that illusion by admitting that many are not. If my friends notice that I eat a lot of junk food, or that I smoke too much, they'll point it out to me. But it takes a major depressive episode and/or social isolation for anyone to bring up my mental state (if at all). Of all my friends who suffer from (pretty serious) mental illnesses, the ones who seem to have a handle on it are very open and communicative about it. That really does seem to be very important. > But of course, luck does play in a role. Some people are just not so lucky. They don't get the nice people on their side and they die because of that... For me this is the scariest thing about mental illness. I've become increasingly convinced that a large number of people, much larger than we're inclined to think, are incredibly fragile and not far removed from a serious mental breakdown or prolonged mental illness. Of those people, many find help, recover, or fend off their illness because they have friends and family looking out for them, a social safety net. Strong connections where they feel safe to admit they have a problem. I've personally seen people slip into depression and disappear from sight, only to find out later that they were institutionalized or (temporarily) homeless. They rarely fully recovered, if at all. What set them apart from those who bounced back was mostly this social safety net, I suspect. There are other factors, of course, but this one seems crucial. And that worries me, because when I look around me, it shocks me how weak people's social connections are. I regularly meet people who can't rely on family and have few close friends. I spend a lot of time thinking about how this problem can be solved. I grew up with very strong family bonds and in close-knit communities. If I were to have serious mental health issues, my parents, and at least some of my other social connections, would go above and beyond to nurse me back to health. I've seen many, many unstable people join a church and improve greatly through the community's care and attention. I'd like to think we can find a way to create and maintain strong ties even in urban environments, and even in our individualistic post-religious societies, but I haven't found out exactly how yet, or what my part in this can be. It keeps me up at night. Thanks for your post, it really resonated with me. > Things weren't always alright but I did get a break when I needed it. I went to the Department of Undergraduate Health after having really bad headaches, like someone was stabbing me in the forehead. Perhaps the fact that headaches are not generally seen as mental illness (and/or instability) plays a big role in your experience compared to that of others. I think the approach to mental illness is very different, both by those suffering from it and those responding to it. Excellent advice. Thanks. True, but if it sucks, surely it's a good thing that people recount their experiences in articles like this so that the status quo can be unsucked? There are places where it's not quite the way you describe. A few years back I had a colleague who had a mental breakdown. He voluntarily took some time off after discussing the situation with his boss and eventually came back. No problem, and no job on the line (both because he's legally protected and because of the company/country culture). I like that, and I'd fight to make that a reality if it wasn't so. It is solid advice. Unless you don't need to play the latest games. I bought a MacBook Air a few months ago and found out that a lot of blockbuster games from a few years ago perform pretty well, as do a lot of the indie games (from Steam, for example). I even bought a wired xbox360 controller for some of these games (Mark of the Ninja, for one). But then I haven't really done much gaming in the past few years, so there are/were tons of (older) games I haven't played yet (BioShock, Portal 2, Mark of the Ninja, Borderlands 2 etc.). And I also don't mind turning down some of the graphic effects. Still, it's possible... I heard SoundCloud's codebase is quite a mess (on Rails 2, I think). Maybe they need to do some refactoring/updating... How do you tell that the 'bad impact' is due to under-sleeping, and what effects do you notice? I have sleep issues with some regularity, so I'm very curious to hear of your experiences. Wow. Does that kind of thing happen often? I didn't think it would be so blatant. I've found that f.lux really helps with that. For iOS you need a jailbroken device though. It's a pretty important one, though. I have a Nexus 4 and if not for the big price difference and the fact that I wanted a phone without a contract, I would've gotten an iPhone instead. And one of the primary reasons is one-handed usability, because that is the primary use case for me. If I can comfortably use two hands, and if I want to, I'll use my tablet... Europe isn't a country. In Holland, I registered my business and then went and got a business bank account plus working (temporary) bank card in about four hours total... My thoughts exactly. I feel there's something interesting there that doesn't quite work. There needs to be a stronger link between re-living life and steadily 'improving', whether this 'improvement' is something alien to us (as mdisraeli suggests), or whether these improvements fit our human view of things. For example, the story could focus on a subset of 'humanity', some kind of smaller community, and highlight how the protagonist, through inhabiting all people in this community, broadened and deepened his understanding and/or compassion. This subset could be a family, for example, or a set of different 'archetypes' (leader, priest, caretaker, slave, etc.). I know a number of people who 'hack' religion, in the sense that they don't necessarily buy into all of it, but use it to further an agenda that I would consider good. My former pastor (and father) is one of them. I've also known a number of gay individuals who did not believe they were 'sinful' and yet actively worked within a religious framework that condemned them, because they felt the benefits were worth it. That said, most of them do believe quit a bit of their chosen religion. I think this clearly shows that different people have different needs, and that perhaps Microsoft needs to pick a crowd. Most 'regular' users I know care a great deal more about a great display than storage. My mom would pay a premium for the former (although perhaps she specifically would actually not care and just want an intuitive interface so she can get to her games and email). Mac: 1. for stuff I want to read later, or good/longer articles I want to read again later, I use Instapaper. 2. for general stuff I might want to read or find later, or for non-text stuff, I use Pocket. 3. For smaller snippets of useful stuff I'm likely to need repeatedly (code, solutions to common problems, etc), I use NVAlt with multimarkdown tagging and whatnot. 4. For stuff that I really want to keep and loop up or reference later, I use DEVONThink. I looked into other 'heavier' systems, but I settled on DT because it stores everything in a non-proprietary system, and because it's 'related items' and auto-classification AI is quite handy. iPad: 1. For one-line stuff (url's, names, whatever) I use Wunderlist so I can process it later on my mac. 2. for interesting articles, I currently copy the URL and open Instapaper, which then offers to add the url on the clipboard. 3. For snippets of text, paragraphs, whatnot, I use PasteBot. Usually copy/pasting this text will give me the link at a later time. I then process everything in there once a month or so. Perhaps with age comes increasing tolerance and increasing ability in discerning hypes from useful technologies? I'm a pretty 'young' person, and a much younger programmer, so I can't quite say I got the 'oo shiny lemme use that' thing out of my system, but I'm okay with that (for now it doesn't negatively impact my work, and I learn tons of stuff). But in other areas of life, I've noticed that I generally become less dichotomous in my approach to new and other things, but more discerning too. While I do believe increasing reliance on 'trustless economy'-enabling concepts, I can't help but wonder how feasible, and by extent how constructive, the idea of thinking in terms of a big paradigm shift is in this regard. Yes, bitcoin might be a nice pocket of 'trustless economy', but any practical use inevitably requires trust. There's the hardware, the OS/software, the ISP's, the exchanges, etc., that all, to a greater or lesser extend, require trust. Now Snowden clearly exposed that this trust is not deserved, and that's a problem. But while working on increasing this 'trustless economy' is a worthy goal, I can't help but feel that the best approach is to both work at increasing trust where it can't be avoided, and decrease the need for it where possible. But perhaps that's too defeatist. I'm following developments in this area with great interest! Yes, I've always suspected that.. It's either that or a really good 'personal recommendation engine'. Same here, so I hope we'll get to keep Zite with Flipbook's look. Zite has a few serious UI issues, and it's a testament to how good it's actual recommendations are that it's still my most-used consumption source (other than HN). David Foster Wallace' piece on television and advertising might be interesting in this context. I don't have time to comment further right now, but here's a link. It's well worth a read: http://jsomers.net/DFW_TV.pdf I think it's a class thing, mostly. I've been friends with the (competent) managers above a bad manager, and discussed a number of times how bad this manager was. They agreed with my assessment, and yet did nothing about it. I suspect this was partly because they underestimated how much of a disastrous effect this manager had and figured that the unpleasantness of firing him combined with the work of finding someone else would not be worth it. But mainly I think it was because they were 'friendly' with this bad manager (on account of having lunch and meetings together as managers), and because he was 'one of them'. Maybe if managers are kept from become too much of a tribe some of this could be avoided (assuming that there is competence at some higher level, of course)? I don't know that it's rare, but I've experienced it a number of times. I think the key to it is 'low-level'. To avoid the big step of firing someone, they 'promote' them to a position where they are considered mostly harmless. Of course, they forget that over time things change, people leave, etc., and this low-level person ends up getting to a position where they can wield their stupidity in a damaging way. I hope so too. I'll probably stick with NewsBlur because I'm happy enough with it, and because I can't be bothered to find something better. Which, in my view, expresses where my main concerns about facebook's future lie (if I were an investor, I guess). When Facebook introduced its plan to be a platform for developers to work on, I loved the idea. It reminded me of Yegge's post on Amazon, and seemed to me like a great way for Facebook to evolve to be the 'social layer' of the web. Of course, they torpedoed that whole effort and kept going with their walled-garden facebook-as-a-product approach. And now that Facebook seems to lose some momentum/popularity (or is perceived to be, which is still bad), they end up implementing part of the 'platform model' anyways, except still within their walled-garden with facebook-made apps. It's quite possible that I'm missing the real reason why they are taking this approach, but seeing Zuckerberg as a product-first guy might be a partial explanation. Why do you think this is? I mean, assuming you think this is more the case in Australia than it is in other places. Indeed. I spent two months on a feature that was basically 'push every pageview of x to the user's timeline', and facebook understandably removed that feature just before launch. However, it still doesn't really make sense to me. First of all, why not just remove the abuse, or implement more app-store like curation to ban abusers. And second, they didn't really seem to be too committed from the start, what with the constant API changes that broke stuff left and right. What exactly is the difference between developers integrating mobile apps with facebook, and developers integrating websites or web apps? In fact, mobile apps can make it easier (and safer) for users to link to facebook. In fact, what with the need to develop apps that pull from the same source as the website, they probably had to focus more on the (private) API anyways. Or was it more a matter of development priorities? It was bad in many ways, but extremely good in (at that time) unexpected ways. I remember I held off from buying the first one when it came out because of the bad things (the camera, for one), but from the moment the iPhone was unveiled I knew I would buy one as soon as these things improved. I think many others thought the same thing. If Apple hadn't launched the app store, it's quite possible we'd not even miss it and happily discuss whether apple's iPhone (sans app store) is better or worse than the other now touch-based phones (also without an app store). I think the crucial part is how you hold it. I suspect most people dislike the Magic Mouse because they hold it like a regular mouse. The way I hold it, on the other hand, is with a 'cupped' hand where my thumb and ring finger clasp the mouse and move it, my palm hovers pretty high above the mouse, and my index finger scrolls from slightly above the center of the mouse surface. I'm not sure whether it's bad design that you 'should' hold it differently, but at least for me this is why I quite like the mouse. (the bottom has started coming off though. that does bother me) Does your 'content' assist with (what I presume to be) missing words too? For some more substance: I quite like your tool, but I wish the preview was more instant and not a pdf. Perhaps you could render your pdf previews to an image, and only provide the pdf when download is clicked? Also, apologies if I missed it, but is there a way to customize the template, or will this eventually be possible? While I agree that generally the quality is high, I do feel that over the past two years (or so) that I've been active here, I've been seeing more and more reddit-like puns or empty comments. They're not overwhelming, and generally harmless enough, content-wise, but I do find them annoying. I welcome this attempt to fix the situation before it becomes too bad. Has it actually annoyed you or have you heard of someone being annoyed by it? Because I can't imagine it being annoying. Most of the time, saving form input is desired. The few times where it's not, it's easily solved by one of the many ways to remove all the text. Indeed! I've had many friends who were really poor, and initial attempts to 'help' only lead to failure and frustration. So far, the only approach that has had some effect was to take them out of their environment entirely. This 'shake-up' of their patterns usually had positive effects, even if they fell back into their previous patterns. But obviously this is a drastic and often impractical measure... > The real question is why do we let people to abuse technology instead of using it well. I am (still!) amazed by the gap between how I see a computer and how most non-geeks around me do. To them, it's like a set of different, often frustrating tools rather than, well, an amazing piece of technology that can be prodded to do whatever you want (to the point where an iPad with few to no apps can provide them with all they need). To me, there's a joy to finding just the right framework, app, or library that can do what I need done. To the point where I might end up enjoying the process a bit too much and get nothing done. To them, it's all about getting stuff done as soon as possible, with whatever they're familiar with. And since they find computers often quite frustrating, they will abuse the hell out of the little bits they know. And so, in the same way that we would use a lighter to open a bottle if there isn't an opener nearby, they 'abuse' technology by using Excel for everything, or storing their notes in an open notepad window without saving. And as long as that works most of the time, they feel absolutely no incentive to figure out a better way. Until, of course, it all goes wrong. Then they call us to fix it :-). My comment was just observational. I agree with you completely. Especially after watching Brett Victor's videos and reading his articles I've come to realize that while a lot of progress has been made to make computers mass-accessible, there is an incredible amount of stuff we can and will still do. Personally, that excites me. Every once in a while I still marvel at the slab of plastic and glass in my hand that does all these amazing things, even after having had a tablet for years now. Then I marvel at the thought that I, singlehandedly and at virtually no cost (that I wouldn't have otherwise), can create an app for the thing that even my grandmother could download and use. Hell, I marvel at the mere fact that everyone around me has a computer, uses chat applications, and carries around a PDA everywhere. There was a time where I was the only one like that and even embarrassed about it in public. We've come very far, and I can't wait to see what comes next (wearables, probably). I'd say it's all about learning how to avoid misusing a powerful tool. I bet when we discovered fire we initially burned down a few forests by accident before we discovered, say, safety matches. Or when we discovered the wheel as a method of transportation we probably careened of a cliff here and there before we developed brakes and crumple zones. I've heard a number of my friends complain about facebook, initially, and later about smartphones. While I understand that the 'pull' of checking what's going on in your social network, or checking out the latest funny picture posted on reddit, I think the solution is not (necessarily( to get off facebook or get a dumbphone, but rather to learn how to responsibly use a potentially highly addictive tool. Perhaps this is a problem that only plagues these kinds of transitional periods. I've noticed, for example, that my younger sister (~15) is absolutely addicted to her phone and whatsapp, and my parents, who are generally quite responsible and firm in how they raised us, don't even really seem to notice the problem. And perhaps that's because it's so new, like television was once. First off, I think you're misinterpreting what I mean with 'misuse'. I meant it in the context of 'health', and I don't really care what the intended purpose was. The television, for example, is a great invention and I love watching shows and movies in the comfort of my home. You could say the 'use' of a tv is that you watch as much as possible so advertisers can make money. I think we can still agree that watching tv all day is 'misuse' when it comes to your mental or physical health. Second, 'content consumption' is a bit vague. I'd say a smartphone is worth having because so many people use whatsapp instead of sms, because it has google maps, because I can check my trello board occasionally, because I can check the weather, and very frequently to find out how to get from A to B using public transport. None of that requires me to be constantly 'consuming', but it's still very useful. In fact, For a full two years I had a smartphone (Nexus) with no data plan, and it was still worth having. It functioned as my calendar, notepad, dictation device, and even maps (although it is less useful offline). Yeah, it's flattering and would make me want to take a picture to oblige. Very clever. Much as I agree with you concerning the interface and lock-in, I do find myself on Quore quite often through their weekly(?) digest email, and every time I'm there I keep wanting to click around. So they're doing something right, even if just with the email (I usually never open newsletters). The sentence "I’ve always loved games." makes it clear that he's talking about the past, so past tense in this case says nothing in itself about his future. It's really not that simple with google, I think. I truly can't imagine that a company with the size, reach, and leadership of google has the unambitious and unsexy ultimate goal of selling more ads. Sure, it's one of the larger objectives of the company simply because it's their big money maker, but I think it would be phenomenally short-sighted of the decision makers at google to focus and rely on ads long-term. I don't think the decision makers in the company spend their time thinking up ways to sell ads. Considering the massive amount of information and power they have, there must be more to it. In the end I think it's really still what they said in their mission statement: "Google’s mission is to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful." Sure, their own survival is an 'automatic' goal, and ads serve that purpose. And sure, it seems that ideologically google doesn't care about privacy too much (which makes sense if you want to organize the world's information). And those are all reasons to be critical of google's operations. Acquiring Nest seems to have no benefit at all in the context of ads; I can't think of any way to shoehorn ads into a thermostat in any effective way. Rather, they are now getting useful information on people's behavior in their house, not to mention a team that has made a successful real product. That acquisition does not make sense in light of ads, but it does in light of google's goals, just as their mapping, street view, and glass serve this same purpose: more information to use in a myriad of (profitable) ways. What's to prevent more open initiatives to also benefit from a possibly huge uptick in development on VR now that Facebook put it's weight behind it? Don't get me wrong, I'm just as upset about this news as most people here seem to be, I'm just trying to see different perspectives, as I'm not quite cynical enough to think that Oculus VR only did this for the money... I'm amazed by the fact that most of my non-geeky friends are wary of Facebook. Most of them still use the platform (as do I), but a bunch of them already switched to Telegram, and a lot of them have become much more careful about how they use Facebook. These are people who don't really follow developments in the tech sector and use computers as 'iPads with a mouse and keyboard'. The ones who generally shrug at revelations of surveillance and the dangers that come with too much of it. It will be interesting to see what kind of impact this has on Facebook long-term, if any. I'd say the big issue with 3D films is that the '3D' is simply not good nor ubiquitous enough to justify buying and then wearing a geeky headset, or an expensive 3D TV. Not to mention the fact that there's a huge difference between full 3D in a rendered environment and semi-3D on a flat screen. And while I know very little about the previous VR boom, I suspect there were some significant issues that only recently have been solved (FPS, nausea, device size and price?). In the same way that it took phone functionality as a trojan horse to mass tablet adoption, gaming might finally make 3D development gain critical mass with consumers. To be fair, I haven't ever tried one so I can't comment on the experience itself. But from what I've heard, the developments in VR have scaled significant hurdles that make it something exciting and viable. I think history has shown that sometimes seemingly-small developments in 'input' or 'output' can have a huge effect: fingers for touch screens (one of the biggest reasons for the iPhone's success, I think), a mouse and a GUI for computers (initially gathering dust in a research lab, if my history is correct), and arguably even something like retina displays. Very often we underestimate the value of these developments, especially us geeks who are right on top of things and follow the small increments: "iPhone? I had a PDA x years ago (stylus though, but that's a minor detail)," or "tablet? it's just a bigger touch phone!" (apologies for mostly using Apple as an example. I'm sure there are many others, but these just spring to mind.) Do any of those things really require the person to be hierarchically above you though? I'm all for AA's, and I see the value of managers, but is it not possible to have a structure where they have some power where required, but not so much that they basically 'own' you (as is usually the case)? I'd love to work in a place where managers are not formally 'in charge', but mostly serve the purposes you describe. I might be missing something though, so I'd love to hear arguments why this is not done or not possible. What fascinates me is that I learned about the ineffectiveness (in general) of brainstorming back in my first year of Communication Science, which was at least six years ago, and yet everyone around me still brainstorms all the time. Why do businesses not take this research to heart? Hmm, yeah, that could be a serious issue. Would there be a chance that Oculus included in the deal some stipulations about this? > When something isn't right a long period of time, it's easy to lose perspective on what being well looks and feels like. I've found that this is one of the big reasons that many people I know don't seek help, or waited (too) long to do so. Especially for people living alone who can acceptably 'curate' their existence when around others, it's very easy to lose perspective on what is 'normal' or 'healthy'. It's made me wonder if it might be good to consider going to a psychologist something akin to a yearly dentist checkup. I think that's underestimating what the 'general population' is capable of. Here in Holland most normal bike commutes are often quite a bit longer than 5 km, and everyone from businessmen to pregnant women seem to manage fine... In fact, if someone were to use the term 'fundamentalism' in any other way I'd be a bit annoyed at them for obfuscating the conversation by using a word in a non-idiomatic fashion. Yes, but wouldn't it be obvious (or obvious eventually) that these healthy people clearly don't exhibit other symptoms of schizophrenia? Or am I forgetting something? Good point. I suppose it should be limited to people who are already showing other symptoms of schizophrenia... At the risk of not adding much of substance to this conversation, I do feel compelled to point out how happy (giddy, even!) it makes me to see so many people jump right on this and investigate, and in part just for the hell of it. It's infectious! I'm here because I share many of the interests of the people here, and I'm convinced that a big reason why I started 'hacking' more and more over the past years, in part just for the hell of it, is because of the enthusiasm I find in comment sections for links like these. Some links show me tricks I didn't know or tools/libraries/frameworks I haven't used before. Some make me curious to try different programming languages. Some articles go way over my head but make me strive harder to get better at whatever it is the article is about. And some, like this one, make me want to code or tinker just for fun. I just wanted to say that once, and this seemed like an appropriate moment. Move along. In my experience working with designers, and having done a decent amount of design-y work: yes, definitely. In my experience, designers tend to be more holistic in their view on things, to a point where they might outright hate it when things are picked apart and defined and categorized. Which is exactly what engineers excel at. I also find designers to generally be more... emotional, or at least they show their emotional side more, or allow it to express itself. And then there's the strong value they place on the 'design' of things. The feeling, the cohesion, etc. One of the best examples of the difference I can think of is when I showed worrydream.com to a designer friend. I was excited about Brett Victor's talks, his views on programming and interfaces and whatnot, and figured my friend would be at least interested in the UX stuff. This friend, however, hated how the site felt bloated and slow and how that in itself was pretty much enough for him to not take this guy's articles seriously. It was an affront, and surely anyone who had anything interesting to say on design and UI would take care of his own site! Now in many cases the difference between designers and engineers might not be so pronounced. I suppose it's a spectrum. But I notice very clear differences between developers and designers, and it seems to be a common cause of conflict. I've also noticed this difference within myself. For the past two years I mostly focused on development, after a long time of taking care of more of the whole pipeline (especially client contact and the 'social' aspects of design). I noticed that I started caring markedly less and less about the end result's 'beauty' or logic, and more and more on the internals. I actually stopped noticing things that would've bothered me tremendously in the past: fonts, padding, margins, UX, and so on. In part, maybe it's also a role you step into (where either role somehow excludes the other). And the mere fact that I come across very few people who seem to be both excellent designers and engineers supports the idea that there's a difference. It seems to me that it's exactly 'experience' of a gadget that has become more and more important, now that non-geeks are using them en masse. And more and more companies are finally realizing that. Before, the 'consumer' didn't care that his computer was a beige box that required cryptic text commands to work. Now, in large part because Apple (among others) has focused on the 'experience', my grandma is using computers (a tablet, for now). Before, I had friends ask me how important feature x was when buying an 'mp3 player', and advertisements focused on megapixels and memory and whatnot. Now, people expect their music player to be designed for ease of use, ease of syncing, and pleasant to the senses. I don't remember the last time anyone asked me about megapixels. The 'only bit' Apple did with the iPhone, I'd say, was to change the way you interact with the device. Most individual components in themselves were subpar compared to other devices on the market, and I'm not event sure if the touchscreen was particularly innovative. And yet, it not only made Apple a ton of money, it literally changed in a short time how people relate to 'computers'. Honestly, if I take a step back, I'm still amazed at how a company that focuses mainly on 'experiences' has played a crucial role in transforming society's relation to technology in such a short time. I still recall a time, not long before the iPhone, where I was self-conscious about using a PDA with a calendar and whatnot, because that was such a nerdy thing to do. Even if you don't care that much about 'experiences' (I myself don't, to a degree, what with using the command-line whenever I can), it's difficult to argue that it's not important. Based on my initial explorations using React with Rails, I'd say React might even be better when used with an existing server-side framework. With React, you can basically store all you data (state) in the root component (which could be the root of your entire page), and replace that with new state without thinking too much about the DOM updates and view changes that result from this. This is perfect for a server-side framework, because such a framework by definition already renders everything whenever something changes (page refresh). Without React, the framework does a bunch of things and finally craps out objects that are transformed to HTML by the view (where the views are as 'dumb' as possible). With React, instead of rendering the object to HTML, you just pass these objects, as JSON, to a React component (which could be the whole page), and it figures out what needs updating. You don't have to deal (as much) with client-side logic if you don't want to, and things will still be performant. This also significantly simplifies server-side rendering, to the point where it might require only one extra call to render the component server side (the handy renderComponentToString). Of course, in practice it's often not quite that simple, but because of how React operates, you can get pretty far with relying primarily on the server-side framework and little logic on the React-side of things (plus you can achieve the 'holy grail' of seamless server- and client-side rendering. (apologies if I'm getting things wrong, by the way. I'm by no means an expert on these matters and only just diving into React.) That's a very good point. I've currently settled on Backbone to give my stuff a bit more structure, but I suspect some of the complication of construction might actually disappear when using React. Not all of it, of course, but some of it. I never quite understand arguments like yours. As aquark pointed out, it's 'frameworks all the way down' anyways. Unless you're a one-of-a-kind master, you're always relying on multiple levels of abstraction. I don't know who pointed it out, but I find that a good rule of thumb is to master at least one layer of abstraction below the 'current' one. So in the case of React, you'd first make sure you are proficient with javascript, the DOM, and how the web works. If your point is to underline that using frameworks without understanding them is a bad thing, I fully agree. But arguing that 'these things' (frameworks) are bad just seems silly. Clearly some clever people at Facebook found it useful to abstract certain things in a certain way, and many other people (some clever) like their approach. They've actively considered IanDrake's problem (in fact, they talk about this in their talk on React), and felt that their solution was good. If I can build a performant client-side-heavy web-app in half the time because of React, I'm doing the client a service, not a disservice. React with a simple router and perhaps some help with your models (Flux or Backbone) might be enough for your needs. Any user behavior that requires new data could be an ajax call that passes back the entire state of the current 'page', which could then replace the state of top-level component (since you want most of your state to reside there anyways). React takes over from there. You'd be relying mostly on your server-side framework for the logic. You could then incrementally add logic client-side to improve performance, if that's necessary (if the state object becomes too large, for example). Thanks for pointing out the distinction. I forget about that sometimes. That said, React is a "A Javascript Library for Building User Interfaces." And to me me it does feel more like a library than a framework. Put that way, I fully agree. If I were to hire programmers for my company, I'd rather have a few like yourself than a bunch of Rails devs that don't really know Ruby nor Rails' internals (for example). And I've worked at a bunch of places where the effects of using frameworks without fully understanding them were readily apparent. I took issue mostly with the blanket statement that frameworks are bad, because I think there's a lot of variety. Backbone, for example, is so basic that it might be useful for 'master' programmers, whereas Rails is a monster framework that is a bitch to handle if you get to that 10%. And I'd argue React, which is more of a library, could be a very useful abstraction that leaves you free to do things your own way, or even replace it eventually. But I might be wrong about that! I'm not a master... Also, I guess in the context of the framework/library-explosion it makes sense that you'd point out the problems with a little less nuance :). And it's a good reminder for me as a young framework-raised, self-taught whipper-snapper to make sure I become a master at my 'craft'. And not just because it pays better. The biggest problem I've found is that while theoretically frameworks should be easier to maintain (and if used right, they might be), in practice using frameworks are an excuse for developers to do something quickly, The Way be damned. The result of all this is code that is harder to maintain, even for those who know how to use said framework. While I'm not against frameworks myself (in fact I argued in favor of them in this very conversation), I have become much more weary of them. In fact, after a brief affair with CoffeeScript I've even come to be more hesitant about using that or other 'transpilers', as I recently ran into the problem where I had to revert to plain js and I discovered that I'd lost some proficiency. That said, it depends partly on the developers, and partly on the amount of structure the framework forces you into. And that said, I suspect using a framework often serves more to alleviate managers' concern about maintainability than anything else. There's one case where I would strongly suggest someone use a framework though, especially an opinionated one such as Rails. By following the Rails Tutorial by Michael Hartl, I learned a lot about best practices that I wouldn't have learned had I cobbled together a bunch of libraries. So for beginning developers, a framework might help them get started with their prototypes and whatnot. Then again, maybe that worked for me because I can't help but want to look behind the curtain... I've certainly met my share of developers who never seen to wonder what's behind the magic. That's Dutch, and I did a double take when I suddenly saw Dutch in my Hacker News! I can't wait to have my siblings try some programming with this tool! Yes. Instead of passing the instance variables from the controller to the view, you instead send it to the client as JSON and basically replace the state of the relevant component(s) (through the ajax callback, or whatever method you prefer). As your app grows, it might become inefficient to send down the now-huge JSON object, and you might want to add some client-side logic to deal with that. However, this might not even be necessary, as 1) even though you replace the entire state, React will only update what changed, and 2) by using optimistic updating on the client (or whatever the proper term is), the user might not notice that the actual data-syncing is a bit slower. Plus, it'll still be faster than a server-side-only approach. The nice thing is that sending the total state (of the page or component) every time significantly simplifies matters, to the point where you might be able to keep relying on your server-side framework for most of the logic, at least until you need to start optimizing stuff. If you keep it client-side: you turn the server-side data into json, then pass that to the renderComponent function (in a script tag or whatnot). Inside your component, you'd use this data in the getInitialState function to set the state of this component (which could pretty much be the whole page). Does that answer your question? Could you share more details as to what kind of assumptions you'd expect? I suppose it wouldn't be to hard to use any of the existing static site generators and either 'repackage' them with specific assumptions, or write a module that implements them... Indeed! While I learned a lot from Rails' because of how it prescribes a certain structure and approach, the size of it all and the 'magic' that hid a lot of (important) detail was probably suboptimal. Now I'd been building websites for a while, so I'd already gone organically through the whole 'hey let's use php to cut my pages up into reusable modules', 'I can automate this thing here', 'plugins are awesome!', and 'hey what's this MVC thing'. But for people starting from less, a static site generator might be more explicit and less complex to learn with. The mere fact that there's often a 'build' step that converts your stuff to plain html, javascript and css, I find, makes beginners feel like they understand things a little better. On the one hand, I think you're probably right. I've had good experiences with implementing unorthodox sleeping habits. On the other hand, I think we as a species have proven ourselves to be remarkably good at adapting ourselves to different circumstances, and 8 hours also seems to be a working approach, as well as one siesta during the day. The biggest problems I faced with polyphasic sleep was that 1) the world assumes 8 hours nightly, so it was hard to maintain after being a student, even as a freelancer, and 2) it required more conscious effort than 'normal' sleep to maintain, partly because of 1. It often resulted in me getting too little sleep in the end, because life would throw a wrench in the schedule... Still, it's utterly fascinating. In case you haven't read them yet, the blog posts by Steve Pavlina on his experiences implementing polyphasic sleep are quite fascinating (much as I'm pretty sure I don't like the guy, to put it mildly). I read it as the author raising a question that the reader might have, or sharing their process in understanding this fact. I generally like the Snowfall-style articles, but for some reason this is the first time where I felt a (very vague) sense that the style was overshadowing the content a little. That said, I prefer a little more experimentation in this area over staying safe... I've hard this style referred to as 'Snow Fall Journalism', actually! Yeah, and aside from the font I also felt that the transitions were a bit too abrupt, like they just stitched together a bunch of (in themselves pretty) pages. The German newspaper 'Die Zeit' has been experimenting with this style as well, to the point of (as I understand it) starting Zeit Online as a completely separate department in Berlin. For example (in German): http://www.zeit.de/kultur/karl-marx-allee/index.html#prolog http://www.zeit.de/sport/tour-de-france.html Generally they're a little more subdued and their work, so far, is not as technologically impressive. But I might actually prefer that. That pretty accurately describes how I feel whenever there's some kind of 'cup' that everyone suddenly talks about. What the article forgets to highlight is that for many people football is something they like doing themselves in their free time. That makes it different from just a random subject they're interested in. Furthermore, I know quite a few people who don't really care about football and think it's silly, but they stay up to date on what's happening and join their friends in the pub, excitedly participating in the event. I never understood why, until I tried doing it myself. Turns out it can be a lot of fun to be around friends and complete strangers in an environment of excitement and talking about something meaningless with passion. It's not quite worth it for me to start watching football, but at least I see more of a point to it, and occasionally I jump in and pretend to go crazy over it. And come to think of it, I often do just that when talking about some new framework or gadget. It won't change the world, isn't really worth arguing about, but boy is it fun to engage passionately in a discussion about it! (I do understand this article probably isn't meant to be taken too seriously. Just wanted to share.) I remember playing Portal without knowing anything about it. The game mechanics drew me in at first, but my interest waned as it got more difficult, because much as I like puzzle elements, I'm not a hardcore fan. And just at that point the story took some turns and I was hooked. Amazing game, and I can't imagine the amount of tweaking involved to get the balance just right. I still feel Portal 1 works very well as a kind of introduction to the much bigger (and in most ways better) Portal 2. I also usually suggest people play the first one, especially if they're not that into FPS games, because it's less of an investment and focuses a bit more on just the puzzles. Damn, now I'm wishing for a remake of the original Jedi Knight with this mechanic as an integral part of it. Not only because it was by far my favorite game in the series, but also because Jedi Knight always felt like more than 'just' an FPS; it had a lot of puzzle elements in it. I also would like to one day create my own level. I tried doing this for Jedi Knight, but the Unreal Engine-style negative-space engine and the incredibly buggy (community-created?) editor foiled my attempts :-(. I might just not be very good at this programming thing, but to me these kinds of articles on testing often (not always) remind me of my annoying tendency to implement a comprehensive productivity approach (often combined with buying yet another task app) that, on paper, really should help me keep track of my life. Usually it's a variation on Getting Things Done, which stands out in its exhaustive, all-encompassing, fine-grained approach. In practice the whole falls apart after a week or so because I forget to do things the right way or because I don't feel like processing my 'inbox'... Instead, I seem most effective when I write down my top three tasks of the day on a piece of paper. Maybe I get that feeling because I've mostly experienced companies where testing didn't really seem to have much of an effect. Whenever I asked about this lack of efficacy, the answer was usually "that's because we're not implementing it completely!" Which is exactly what I hear (and suggest) whenever I or someone else falls off the GTD wagon. Am I completely wrong about that feeling? I mean that as an honest question, as I truly don't want to be negative and I'm way to inexperienced to be cynical about these things :-). CMD-OPTION-H should do that. I also recall there being an option you can turn on through the Terminal that has the same effect when you click on an application's icon in the Dock. I'd say it's even more than that usually: you're forced to use a paradigm that you're not familiar with. For example, while I do have a desire occasionally to full-screen a window (for which I currently use Divvy), I usually don't see a need to, because I picked up on the multi-window paradigm where it's quite convenient to be able to see parts of other windows (for drag and drop, for example). When I first switched to OSX though, I hated the inability to full-screen. Not the best example perhaps, as I do find it a bit lacking to not natively be able to do so, but my point is that rage is often a result of trying to cram one paradigm into another. You might also be interested in Gleebox. I use it a lot. Cases like this, when the talented person in question is a geek who "doesn't interview well," always frustrate me. Most of my professional success is a result of social skills and a lot of experience with wildly different social environments and cultures. While I do work hard at being actually good at what I do (because that's just more fun!), I could get pretty far as a cruddy developer. And that just feels unfair, and frustrating. I do understand that social skills matter when you work for a company, in a team, but it often feels like they're way too important (evidence: incompetent people at top positions in companies who primarily excel at manipulation or are extremely socially skilled). Of course, there's a difference between a geek who just lacks social skills, and a geek who is just not a nice person and also lacks social skills to hide this (or lacks social skills because of this). I've met my share of those. But even then, it's hard to (fully) blame the person in question. I've met my fair share of arrogant, abrasive, unsympathetic, or misogynistic geeks who seem to have mostly become that as a reaction to having been bullied or ostracized. Often, it's self-defense or just inability, and quite frankly the main reason I didn't turn out that way was because I was in the right place at the right time, and I had wonderful peers who dragged me out of my isolation. It just sucks. And I wish I could fix that. I can't imagine how frustrating it must be to know that you are competent, or even well above average, and still not get the jobs that downright incompetent people seem to have no trouble getting. (I don't mean to justify 'bad' behavior, by the way, but to a degree understanding where it comes from allows me to still sympathize with, say, a racist.) Indeed. I know a few people who have a (strong) mood disorder, and one characteristic they all share is that they tend to be more abrasive and 'rigid' in general, even when they're in a good mood. > It's not like being socially awkward has to be an innate thing; they're called social skills for a reason, you can learn them. It doesn't have to be, true. But in the same way that a tone-deaf or rhythmically-challenged individual can probably never be even a decent musician, there are plenty of people who can probably never become 'socially skilled'. Consider autism, for example (in all it's degrees), and also the fact that it's probably quite a bit more prevalent in our profession. > I get what you're saying, but I also tend to think: if they're so smart, why not learn some social skills? Why are so many very intelligent people alcoholics? Why are so many doctors smokers? Why do so many psychologists have psychological issues? There's a massive gap between knowledge and practice, and I've become increasingly convinced that not being aware of that gap is one of the primary reasons people have trouble turning 'saying/thinking' into 'doing'. We underestimate the difficulty. For example. As a student, me and a friend of mine were living rather unhealthy lifestyles. Then a few years ago she suddenly 'got serious'. She started working out, implemented a healthy diet, and applied herself more to her studies. A month ago I remarked that I really admired her strength, as I still struggle with these things (to a degree). Her answer? She'd been raised with a strong emphasis on health, her family was always into sports and they're all over-achievers. From her perspective, she merely 'dropped' a habit that was deeply instilled in her, and had little trouble picking it up. I've found that most of the 'changes' and personal development that I see are not a result of mind of matter, but more a result of upbringing, social environment, and being in the right place at the right time. It's not just that, and I think it should't ever be used as an excuse, but it's much more that case than we often suspect. A socially awkward person who doesn't 'value' time spent with others more often than not 1) just hasn't proper experienced the value of this, 2) has been actively shunned or bullied socially, or 3) just hasn't found the particular people that they can enjoy time with. tl;dr: the value we place on things is often a result, not a cause. Or at least it goes in both directions. > Do not underestimate social skills. Absolutely! I didn't mean to imply that social skills are unimportant. If I were to hire a programmer to work for me in a team context, the better choice from a business perspective, often, would be to hire the less-competent but socially-skilled. But that sucks. Because the best way a socially awkward or socially underdeveloped individual will learn the very essential skill of being more social is through acceptance, a safe environment, and constructive feedback. Furthermore, it's often not the real problem. A big problem in almost all companies I've worked for is that the managers (who usually are very socially capable non-geeks) were just not skilled at dealing with their developers. And in my opinion that's a core element of their job, to learn how to handle introverts or those less skilled in the social things. Some of the developers I've worked with were very socially awkward, but if you figured out how to talk to them, they had no trouble communicating what needed to be communicated. To a degree, I think the ones who are socially skilled should use their strength to help those who are not. And if you're a manager, I'd say you're partly paid to do exactly that. > I just think a lot of what we call social skills really comes down to, frankly, giving a shit about the person in front of you. Very true. But first of all I'd argue that 'giving a shit' in itself is a skill. We are, to a large degree, taught to be nice. Watching the average eight-year-old in a school yard is a clear example of that. They're practically psychopathic: developed enough to understand the concept of 'the other', but they haven't necessarily learned how to empathize. I suspect there's a strong correlation between being socially outcast or awkward (whether biological, developmental or contextual in nature) and taking up programming and computers as a hobby. For me that was the case, and for most geeks I know it was too. In fact, the very definition of a nerd is someone who focuses unusually a lot on one thing, at the detriment of other things (usually social). Plus, it's a relatively recent development that 'social' kids are also into computers, on account of wanting to make games, or emulating 'skater geeks' like Kevin Rose. I still remember that it was rather 'uncool' to be in chat rooms, for example. Or reddit being the nerd version of digg. And finally, people have a tendency to conform their views to their experiences (more than the other way around, I suspect). So it kind of makes sense that a person with few friends, or a history of no partners, will conclude that 'people are shit'. Misanthropy is usually not innate. I've met a shocking amount of people who are eerily similar in their deeply negative view of society with no real experience of friendship. Some of them, in their late twenties or thirties, seem beyond help. I've argued against your point in these comments, but I must say I also agree. Some of the most unpleasant people I've met were a toxic combination of intelligence, skill, and a total lack of empathy. Intensely judgmental, misogynistic, vaguely racist, a chip on their shoulders, and no sense of humor (big red flag for me, usually). But these, I believe, are relatively rare. I like to believe so anyways, and I try to give nasty people the benefit of the doubt. Because this: http://www.ic.sunysb.edu/Clubs/buddhism/story/oldmanscorpion... . But how can you tell? Agreed! I've recently made the decision to try and move beyond my comfortable freelance existence, and instead try and enable 1) those who have trouble functioning in a 'normal' work environment, and 2) those who are starting with no portfolio or degree. It would make me happier (because what's fun about just living comfortably!), and it might help others. Win-win. But doing this from within an existing company is perhaps even better Thank you for that! The type of people I befriend tend to suffer from disorders, and while I've often come to understand much about how they function, this was something I was particularly curious about. It makes a lot more sense to me now, and I'm pretty sure it might solve some of the misunderstandings and conflicts now that I know this. I'd remove both, as they paint a picture that is predominantly negative (even if it might be incorrect). It could perhaps be the effects of isolation (which, as recent submissions and discussions here make evident, can have a huge effect on a person). I've had periods in my life where I withdrew from others, and every time I recovered, I was amazed by how much this withdrawal warped everything about me, and by how easy it was for me to forget simple social behavior. It was almost like I was a completely different person. Great point, because it highlights how 'not giving a shit' is not necessarily a result of an inherent lack of empathy or caring. I've definitely noticed this in myself. By constantly abstracting things (perhaps exacerbated by my work), I lose the human connection sometimes and only later realize that I wasn't as empathic or caring as I wanted to be, simply because I got caught up in the abstractions. While I think you're right, the problem is that the mere first step of hanging at a neighbourhood bar can be terrifying. Doing this alone, in fact, is something that very few people do comfortable, even social individuals. It's worth the effort though. It's definitely helped me! I'd say the problem is that we're not always aware of our own struggles (let alone those of others). In my process of becoming a 'functioning adult', perhaps the most important steps involved realizing what my limitations were, and then learning to accept them. And looking back, I often 'punished' myself for not trying hard enough, or for being lazy. I only later realized that some things are just much more difficult for me, and the better solution was to shape my lifestyle and environment around those limitations. The problem of concepts 'lazy' or 'incapable' is that if you apply these concepts to yourself or others, they can easily become just a vehicle for whatever mood or state you're in. That's great to hear! I've never struggled with social cues by nature, but through circumstances I've had similar struggles with the actual social 'practice'. Working hard at 'fixing' this definitely helped, but a crucial aspect was the help, support, or simply acceptance of those who were better at this than I was. And I try to do that too, in turn. Good luck on your journey. In some ways it baffles me that anyone would voluntarily choose such a lifestyle for a payoff that doesn't seem worth losing so much of your youth over. On the other hand, it amazes me how humans can do things that other humans consider insane. We're a flexible species, which I guess can be both good and bad! Rather than comment on your categorizing or ranting, I'll try to comment on an observation that I do think is partly accurate. I believe nerds became 'cool' right around when computers became 'normal'. In my youth, around the time where social issues started becoming important (teenager), computers were commonplace enough that most people knew how to use them, but they were by no means cool. Most of my peers had MSN messenger and a hotmail address, but gaming on a pc was uncool, spending significant time on the thing other than aimless chatting was uncool, and programming was extremely uncool. Now, I get to help my younger siblings and their friends 'coding their site'. They're on reddit or 9gag, and grew up with Digg, Diggnation ('cool' boozing skater-ish dudes podcasts). They have phones with apps and chat throughout the day. They game a lot and might even try D&D. Computers are normal and almost cool now (although oddly there is a limit to that that I mistakenly cross in conversation regularly). There was a time where this angered me a bit, because I felt like the thing everyone judged me as a 'nerd' for is now suddenly cool and they took it from me. Now I realize that it's pretty awesome that something I'm REALLY good with has become so succesfull that cool people want in on it. I can, and do, use that to my benefit. But isn't assuming that something is a combination of both the least dangerous kind of assumption in this context? > What about the athlete that wants to dedicate themselves to their craft? The beautiful actress that practices acting and singing all day? They are (usually) effortlessly popular Actually, I get the impression that top athletes and singers can be really weird and even socially lacking (on account of having spent insane amounts of time getting good at what they do). They might be popular not because they're socially skilled, but rather because they're good-looking and/or fit, and because their skill is considered cool. The fact that we're seeing more and more 'cool nerd' stereotypes just as nerdy stuff is becoming more mainstream would support that. Interesting. It took me until well into my twenties to realize and then come to terms with the fact that maybe I was having trouble being as social as my peers because I just didn't enjoy it as much. Once that happened, I solved most my issues with 'socially capability' by seeking out specific kinds of socializing that I did like. Turns out there are plenty of people just like me, but they either never bothered to enter the 'normal' social circles I desperately tried to enjoy being part of, or they came to know themselves quicker. I'd say this one's kind of interesting by being arguably the most boring thing I could imagine: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stacie_Orrico_discography I've also found that most people who were curious about programming got very excited when I showed them the dev tools of browsers. For at least one it triggered a love of programming. One option to make js a little easier to start with is to install a CoffeeScript plugin. Not sure if it's a good idea, but it's an option. Also, one nice side-effect of getting them started on javascript is that learning another language (ruby or python, perhaps), is a wonderful next step because suddenly you're using a much 'friendlier' language! Whereas if you start with that, having to deal with js can be frustrating. I rather like this interpretation of the male-female friendships and why this 'friend-zone' thing exists. I'm not sure how much I agree with it currently, but it's food for thought: http://deepfriedcalamari.tumblr.com/post/10839417292/homosoc... In particular: > Homosocial bonding is different between men and women, and this causes a lot of confusion and why it’s assumed that men and women cannot be friends. > Men see their friendships as camaraderie, hanging out, occasional complaining, and chilling. There’s plenty of support mechanisms in place, but they’re not intimate, per se. > Women on the other hand are intimate, affectionate, they talk more about how they feel than how things happened. The support mechanisms are explicitly intimate. > So, men who are not used to intimate physical contact and discourse have to translate a person of the opposite sex being physically and emotionally intimate beyond the boundaries of relationships he is used to. Again, I don't want to generalize the linked text, but it was very accurate when I reflected on my own 'friend zone' experiences, and those my male friends have had. Or, to use the desk analogy: if you just want a desk, you generally don't learn the basics of carpentry; you just go to IKEA (or a furniture store). (Which is a great thing for carpenters and furniture store owners. We're those people in the analogy, so why get uppity about people needing our services eventually?) I both agree and disagree with the truth part of your joke. I agree in that a bunch of people I know started out with Wordpress or even Joomla, and managed to get a site working for a paying client relatively quickly. And making money was a great motivator for them to get better, and 'grow' out of php, or at least start using better CMS' or frameworks (or write their own wordpress plugins). I've found that especially designers who 'know a bit of html' seem to get pretty far with Wordpress and a bit of jQuery they copy and paste. The result is usually an abomination in my eyes, but hey, if they're getting by doing it, and especially if it's a gateway to getting better at actual programming, why not? That's how I did it! But I I also partly disagree in that I've also met quite a few web 'developers' who did so well 'snippeting' their Wordpress/joomla sites together, that they never moved beyond that and eventually succumbed to fierce competition. Because now they're competing with non-programming designers who can build fancy looking websites with cool interactivity, and are better at making it look good. Because I've seen both good and bad come out of it, I usually try to gauge what kind of person I have in front of me when they approach me for help or advice. If it's someone who doesn't seem to have the inherent curiosity to become a better programmer, I might just help them set up their first wordpress site and do my best to keep them from doing too much 'damage'. If I do see a bit of curiosity, I try to gently steer them towards other solutions (Middleman + heroku, or Ruby on Rails for example) that are a nice midpoint between some 'coding' and seeing quick results. And if I think I have full-blown future programmer in front of me, I just throw tons of stuff at them, usually right in the browser dev console, (closures, callbacks, functional-style programming) and relish seeing them try to figure it out and go home and tinker with a Fiddle! Those are my favorites. I grew up speaking Albanian, and I find it pretty useless in any of the surrounding countries (aside from Kosovo, of course). It's a fun language to know though! I like what Blendle is trying when it comes to micropayments and newspaper articles. I've heard quite a few people talk about how they'd use it, and it's only just open to the public. The most fascinating thing about Blendle to me is that most mainstream papers seem to be giving it a try. It not just niche publications. I think that's this one. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcnH_TOqi3I Not the most pleasant thing to watch over breakfast. I'm very sorry to hear of your loss, and wish you all the best in the coming period! While I don't have any light work to share at this time, don't hesitate to hit me up if down the road you feel ready to do some 'small' things. I might have something then. One question concerning your bosses. How clear have you expressed to them the extent of your suffering? Do they know you cry, and have trouble doing basic tasks? The reason I'm asking is that I find 'we' are so used to not expressing the true nature of our feelings, especially in a work context (but even with friends), and perhaps especially as men (which I'm assuming you are, erroneously perhaps), that we sometimes aren't even aware that we might not have properly communicated this. I've made that mistake a few times. Furthermore, assuming you are legally allowed to just up and leave and assuming it won't have negative consequences for you personally, this might be a good time to be selfish about it. They'll figure it out without you! You need to think of you right now! I don't mean to be presumptuous; just something to consider. As a thought experiment: what would be the main downside of hiding karma completely? Don't you generally use those for web apps where SEO and search engine indexation is less important? I'm not very experienced in this area, so I find it hard to think of an example where you need indexation/SEO-optimization for the kinds of things you do with Angular or Ember. I'm very curious to hear of some examples. I suppose React.js and similar approaches would make it easier, but I also don't immediately see the use case for building single-page apps that need indexation. one thing that has been working for me in my quest to at least slightly improve my health has been to try out fruits and vegetables and look for very simple 'recipes' that are delicious. The reason is that I (and perhaps many other geeks) don't have much patience with 'physical' things. Eating is mostly an annoyance to me, I don't care about my looks that much, and I can often get so wrapped up in 'virtual' stuff that I forget how much I enjoy nature and the sun. And at some point I figured rather than trying to 'cook properly' and give up, I should maybe start with simpler things. And that's been working pretty well. Smoothies, for example, are quite easy to make. Or recently I developed an obsession with a very simple sandwich: bread, cheese, little bit of mayo, avocado, rucola and some salt and pepper. I wouldn't have thought it possible, but I love that stuff and eat it almost daily. I'm nowhere close to having a proper, healthy lifestyle, but it's a start. And after three years of false starts it's quite a breakthrough! Yeah, I think it's more the tone of the article that bothers people. It's strong with the 'I found Jesus, have you heard about Jesus, let me tell you about Jesus.' What I find difficult about that is that I absolutely support someone who is excited about their epiphanies (especially when I think they're good ones!), but it can be really hard to not feel judged or to get annoyed or even downright angry. Ah, good point. And come to think of it, I'm working on a basic blog and I'm using javascript (react.js, specifically) to make the client-side experiences smoother... I had completely forgotten about that. Thanks for the insight. I thought of that, but 1) if you're invested enough to go do that, you're likely to already notice posters you 'like', 2) even high-karma people can say stupid things and vice-versa, and 3) there could be a 'percentile' system where the top x% get some kind of marking, or even just 'in the top x% of karma). I'm (honestly) curious how exactly you'd defined 'finished growing'. Because from my perspective that is anywhere between 'physically capable of having and enjoying sex' and 'hormonal balance and a mostly-developed mind'. Which could be anywhere between twelve and twenty-something. In my social circles many people started having sex around the age of fifteen, but some didn't have sex until their early twenties. I wasn't particularly interested in girls until my late teens, but I started exploring my sexuality at the age of eight. I'd disagree. I, and others I've talked to, started being intensely curious about sex at the age of eight, well before I could reproduce. I'm very happy that my parents raised me in such a way that I felt comfortable asking about sex early on, and having them tell me about the good (and the bad) of sex. I'm trying to keep an open mind, and I feel really bad for the developers to get so much bad or even downright hostile feedback. But to me the terrible scrollbar, and the janky behavior on my Nexus 4 doesn't just frustrate me; it makes me seriously doubt the value of the whole project. If a group of people spend a very long time working on something, yet somehow can't figure out that releasing it with such basic, huge flaws is a bad idea, it signals to me that something is fundamentally wrong with the whole project. I think they should sit down and rethink what they're doing. That said, after my initial frustrations I decided to give the thing another look, and there's definitely some good stuff there. Maybe this could be really great some day. I also noticed that on my phone (Nexus 4) sometimes the scrolling just keeps going. I'm not sure that's how they meant it to behave, but even if it is, it's not great. It's quite likely that some kind of hidden structure emerged. However, could you explain what you mean with 'political' in this context? Because 'political connections', in my mind, also includes reputation and knowledge of competence. And that doesn't seem like a bad thing. Indeed. Picking a framework/language for the next ten years at this particular time feels a bit like picking the best horse and cart just as the automobile is getting popular. It's an exaggeration, of course, but the fact that we're undergoing some big changes in web development (more on the client-side with server-side api) makes me thing this might not be the best moment to think of picking something for the next ten years. I've done this too, and 'leaning in' and observing rather than fighting the feelings definitely seems to help, in general. Perhaps that's why meditation can often be so effective. I've been looking into doing this, so this post came at a good time. Especially the UI/keyboard shortcuts appeal to me, as that was the main reason I stuck with google over other solutions. Is there any good reason why they haven't done this already? It seems to me privacy is a major selling point, especially after the Snowden revelations. Especially for something as crucial as email. I am probably still sticking with gmail for a while, but I can't imagine the horror of suddenly being locked out and not being able to get on the phone with anyone. > The problem is that old media (or at least the people at the top) don't understand how to solve this problem because it involves a heavy dose of technology There's a relatively new and successful digital-only publication in Holland called 'De Correspondent' that has been innovative in many ways. One of their goals, for example, is to allow subscribers to participate more in the news process. And yet their comment section is the most primitive kind imaginable. It frustrates me because they do so many things right, and they have some high-profile commenters. I toyed with the idea of trying to spice up their comment section (within the limitations of what a client-side plugin can do), but I put this off because I heard they've been 'working on it'. I think a good commenting system or some reddit-style section would really fit in their vision, but I suspect part of the problem they face is that the site is built and maintained by a design-centric agency that isn't heavy on the technical innovation. Another example, they touted their iPad-optimized version and yet the infinite-loading didn't (and possibly still doesn't) work on Google Chrome for iPad. I know quite a few journalists, and one thing most of them seem to have in common is border-line illiteracy when it comes to computers. Most of them never heard of Reddit, for example, which is baffling to me for someone in a profession like journalism... (that said, I applaud much of what De Correspondent does; they're on the right track and I hope to see similar initiatives in other countries) I realized exactly this when I wanted to write a backup script for some of my client's websites. My usual process had been to 'manually' backup using rsync, which was a matter of cutting and pasting the commands from a text document. When automating, however, I realized I'd also have to check if certain files (db dumps) were present, and of course if the script itself succeeded. I then realized that in this particular case, the simple cut and paste approach was perfectly fine, because: 1) it would take months for the time spent automating to be worth it compared to a quick cut and paste, and 2) it was much safer for me to quickly scroll back in my terminal and see if the particular files were present. Now I wouldn't generally recommend my approach, but in context it made sense not to automate, and yet I felt a 'need' to automate anyways. I'm really on the fence about that argument. On the one hand your argument makes a lot of sense to me, but on the other hand using an email provider that is not one of the popular ones might in itself make you seem more suspicious. And intercepting your email correspondence, no matter the provider, might be so trivial to the intelligence agencies at this point that they might be doing so already anyways. It's not unlikely that they'd be 'scanning' Fastmail email more intently than gmail, precisely because of the kinds of people that have security concerns. I agree that it's a nontrivial difference, but I don't know if one approach is better than the other. It's something that has been on my mind a lot. I studied marketing (among other things), and it's essentially the study of manipulating people to achieve a desired effect. And while I noticed that knowledge about manipulation doesn't automatically translate to a practice of manipulation/persuasion (in the same way that knowing a lot about addiction might not shield you from being an addict), having this knowledge, at least for me, feels like an uncomfortable responsibility. Take approaching a potential romantic interest. There are some very effective techniques to increase your chances of 'success' (however you would define it). We generally frown upon doing this (too) explicitly; it very quickly seems sleazy. And yet 'womanizers' (or the opposite equivalent) apply these techniques without really thinking about it and we don't judge these people as strongly. Is this unfair? If someone who is naturally less skilled at flirting uses 'techniques' to do better, is that worse than someone who does this naturally, assuming that in both individuals have the same 'pure' (or 'impure') goals? Or is it perhaps better because the individual in question is at least conscious of his persuasion or manipulation, and can question his motives? I think about that a lot, and I haven't found an answer yet. For me personally, I'm lucky, in a way, that I feel guilty very quickly. I simply cannot lie very well, for example, not because I cannot lie, but because I have trouble facing myself when I do so. So I try not be too conscious about manipulation and persuasion. And yet I know that applying well-tested techniques is very effective. If anyone here can point me to literature on this subject (I suppose it's a matter of ethics), I'd greatly enjoy exploring that. Would you apply that same argument in the case of, say, child abuse or neglect and the government stepping in and removing said child from his parents? I'm not being flippant here, to be clear. I have friends who would argue just that, and while I do have an opinion on the matter, I can respect a consistent opinion that argues otherwise. I'm just curious where you would draw the line on this spectrum, if at all. I second this. I use and like CoffeeScript, especially if I'm pretty sure nobody else will touch my code, and especially if I'm just tinkering or exploring. But after doing a lot of mostly CoffeeScript, I had to do some 'plain' JS work, and it took me a while to get back into it. And that can be a problem if you just need to get stuff done sometimes. (PS: kudos for submitting this! I'm more than a decade older than you are, and I get nervous just thinking of sharing my code with this crowd!) > For me, the biggest issue I see with the example hamburger buttons there is that they don't look like buttons --- they look more like an air vent/grille, a stylistic thing rather than "touch here to get more". Why do you consider that an issue, if I may ask? The generic nature of the button is exactly why I think it's actually a good icon, as it universally seems to mean 'tap this for more, but without completely losing your current context (as opposed to a back button, for example). Any less-generic icon would not always be appropriate, and thus make this functionality less predictable. Not that I think it's a good UX pattern , by the way. I'm just saying that if you're going to use a 'more' button, this seems like a better solution than custom buttons where you're not sure what they'll do. > ..and this could simply be a kind of aesthetic bias (that might make sense for us, humans) I think that sounds very plausible. We generally don't seem to like it when someone 'pulls aside the curtain' when it comes to things that feel hard to control or define. For example, the best way to escalate a fight is to say something like "are you on your period?" or "did you not get enoug sleep last night?" They are perfectly valid questions in themselves, but asking them (assuming you mean well, of course) is not a good idea. It makes sense that our minds don't like being treated like the often irrational, physical organs that they really are. For example, while I feel perfectly comfortable treating a 'physical' headache with pills, I feel much less comfortable taking medication that alters my mood (although doing so for fun, and being 'in control' makes it significantly more acceptable). I can understand that this kind of thinking scares you, because it scares me too. I don't want to live in a world where hippies are monitored because they deviate from the norm, and I don't want to live in a world where trying to protect your privacy in itself can make you suspicious. And yet hippies were monitored, and yet it's plausible that protecting your privacy does make you suspicious. So I understand that this is scary, but I don't really understand why you consider this kind of thinking dangerous . If it's true, or if there's a good chance that it's true, then shouldn't that knowledge be acted upon, or at least considered, however scary? Or am I misunderstanding you and are you just stating that in general you hate this situation? I found this through /r/mildlyinteresting, and it just made me thing why exactly I find that subreddit, and these kinds of things, so interesting. Perhaps it's that it makes you think about mundane things that you normally don't give a second thought, or even notice? I read it a bit of a joke, not meant maliciously, and yet with a lot of truth to it. I'm sort of in between "get shit done" and "fix other people's shit" in my work. Because I like to take pride in my work, and because I don't want to leave the full timers with yet more contractor mess, I take care to do my job as well as I can. And I prefer projects where I can be proud of everything I do. But in the 'trenches' of unsexy work, where my ideals meet reality, neither I nor the full-timers always have the time, money, or expertise to do things right, and are sometimes even forced by management to just get it done. And I don't always mind. I can be happy with the result because it serves its purpose, and I made both the managers and many customers happy, even though I cringe at the underlying mess we produced. I know it is likely to cause much more work down the road, and I would generally advise against 'ship first, refactor later', but I'm also okay with the idea that I provide work for specialists to fix my mess. Can I call myself a 'programmer'? Or am I more of a 'code monkey'? Do 'real' programmers thumb their nose at my sometimes shoddy code? I don't really care. I'm happy with my work, and with my solutions. My aim is to move towards being able to provide full, high-quality solutions, because that makes me happier. But it also makes me happy to creatively solve problems in a way that might be imperfect, or frowned upon by some. The most important reason for me to provide good, solid, readable code is because I care about the full-timers I meet who don't enjoy fixing my mess, and because I don't want my client to get into trouble later. That's why. It's primarily (but not exclusively) because I work with humans and I don't want to abuse my 'privilege' as a contractor and (relatively) skilled communicator to give other people headaches and crying fits over having to fix my junk. I've seen that happen, and it sucks. (sorry, not necessarily directing this at you specifically) Many libertarians seem to have issues with 'capitalism' because they argue that our market isn't free enough (if I understand correctly). Pikkety's research, I suppose, can be used within that ideology too. So it might not be just a left-wing thing. Sam Spurlin wrote an interesting article that really resonated with me, and this article reminded me of it. In particular this bit: > I think there is an underlying metaphor that we can examine between values and passion. I'm not sure I can go a day without hearing or reading the advice about "finding a passion." I used to be a purveyor of this piece of advice as well. Until I figured out it's basically pointless. The belief that everybody has a particular passion waiting for them somewhere in the world and it just needs to be uncovered like a treasure under a rock is not helpful. Therefore, the dominant activity when trying to uncover or find this passion seems to be flitting from activity to activity, from rock to rock, looking for that elusive passion that will fix all your ills. There's a driving force that if you don't like your situation then you just haven't found your passion yet. I've since decided that this line of thinking is mostly fallacious and that "finding" is the wrong verb to use when describing passion. Instead, we should talk about "developing" passion. The focus is on action and practice. I feel the same way about values. The traditional way of thinking about value places little emphasis on actual action, just like the quest for finding a specific passion. Values shouldn't be discovered but developed over time, like passion. Both of these constructs need a radical overhaul. It's worth a read: http://samspurlin.com/blog/2012/2/12/values-dont-make-your-l... I spent a decade in Albania, starting right after the fall of communism in 1991, and it is (or at least was) true there as well. People would just throw their trash out of the window of their apartment building, because why not? Never mind that this created a terrible smell and there would be trash right where people walked. They meticulously cleaned the tiny bits of concrete road in front of their house, but not care about the very dangerous open pothole that would be hidden in a puddle after a little bit of rain. In fact, someone probably took the pothole because it was somehow useful to them. From what I remember, this changed over time, and people became more aware of the fact that the public space was also their space. In a way, it's a bit like doing chores because your authoritarian, cold parents force you to. You'll do the minimum, and never do it because you feel it's a good thing to do. Maybe it's not so much that people don't want to work for the common good, but rather that forcing them too just doesn't work. Either way, great blog post and it reminded me of my own experiences! This is the very reason why I still hitchhike and love couchsurfing-style initiatives, potluck dinners, and such, and why I encourage younger people to give these things a shot. It opens you up to so many unique, wonderful (and occasionally scary) situations, and has a way of 'shaking loose' the structures that one inevitably builds up over time. In fact, I caught myself hitchhiking sometimes just because of how much the people who picked me up seemed to enjoy or need it. I've had people give me their life story, or share something deeply personal that they really wanted to share, or simply enjoy my 'youthful' presence on a long, boring drive. Part of what makes it amazing is that there are so few pre-suppositions in the whole thing. You are likely to never meet the person who just shared his woes again, and sometimes that's exactly why they let themselves talk. But it's also possible that this one connection is the start of a wonderful, lifelong friendship. I met one of my current best friends through CouchSurfing on the other side of the globe. It was quite likely that we'd never meet again, but instead we ended up spending a few years in the same city, even working together. (plus, these kinds of thing have way of restoring one's faith in humanity. They're a great counter to the insulating processes that are especially present in Western-European society) A number of my good friendships would not have existed without Facebook to bridge the gap that a traveling lifestyle created between our initial contact and our later co-existence. Could we have simply sent letters, or emails? Yes, but we probably wouldn't have done this. Does this benefit offset the negative impact of sites like Facebook? I don't know, and I think it's too early to tell. But to say these sites are not useful is a bit too extreme a statement, in my opinion. I know many people who happily use social sites just to augment their social lives... It's likely that they do. It seems to me like it's hugely valuable and I see no reason why Google would refrain from doing so. Plus, Facebook does it too. http://www.digitaltrends.com/social-media/what-exactly-is-a-... Interesting. However, this particular one stood out to me: > Engineering is real. Programming is abstract I suppose it all depends on the definition of 'programmer', and the kind of programming you do, as well as how you define abstract and real, but when I explain what I do to designers or craftsmen of various sorts, I often use engineering as an analogy. What I do is to translate specifications and graphic designs and UX mockups (analogous to an architect?) to something that, while technically virtual, is very 'real' in that it needs to work. The biggest part of my work is to produce something functional while maintaining as much of the (often unrealistic) design, or fixing bugs that arise. And in the same way that a big engineering project can go over budget because of 'bugs', unrealistic design, or unexpected difficulties, I'm usually the part of the process that is hardest to predict and goes over budget. That said, this article made me consider the differences. Very interesting. Also, it might be good make sure that your business co-founder has proven himself by having 'produced' something other than just words and ideas, and preferably something that proves that they can understand, or at least respect, the complexities of technology. I've been burned a bunch of times by working with smooth talking guys who seemed to be good at 'business' but were completely useless in practice. Because they were all talk. I don't like Quora, and yet I find myself on Quore surprisingly often because a lot of the questions and answers highlighted in the emails that I still get in my inbox are so interesting. Does anyone know of a less unpleasant site with Quora-like content? It's both fascinating and horrifying to me how high the loans in the USA are, and the fact that they're 'proper' loans. Here in The Netherlands, I know quite a few people who didn't get any student loans because they wanted to avoid any debt at all cost. And the Dutch student loans are not even 'proper' loans. If you don't have a job, for example, you pay a monthly minimum of around 50 euro (I think). Of course, the fact that this is possible here in itself is a nice thing, and times are changing here too. But if I had lived in the US, I might've never gone to college just to avoid such staggering debts. For the most part it seems that you have legitimate issues that, as others have said, you should probably talk to them about. It's quite possible that they don't realize how much work you're putting into this. But one practical thing you could consider is to not live with your co-founders. Living with people in itself can put a huge strain on things, and can sometimes be enough to break up friendships! I've seen it happen. Good point. Just the pressure from my parents would've probably been enough to push me to go to college anyways... Taxes here are pretty high, I guess, but realizing the costs in the US for health care and college makes me happy to live here. And from the brief time I spent in the US I didn't get the feeling that people in my 'class' (first-generation middle-class, white, educated) were living more comfortably than I was. > I don't know if it is even officially supported to push a stash to remotes. I usually just create a temporary branch that I push upstream if I want to save my 'stash'. Is there a use case I'm not thinking of where pushing a stash upstream is useful? Hmm, that's an interesting comment. In the 'grand scheme' of things I suppose Quora is mostly useless, and for the past week's I've been paying more attention to my information consumption. That said, I have found some very valuable stuff on Quora. One example was the link to the summary of Irvine's book on stoicism: https://booknotes.quora.com/Notes-on-A-Guide-to-the-Good-Lif... It prompted me to read the actual book. I've also found a lot of the 'wisdom to younger self' type Q&A's to be very valuable, to the point where I store offline versions in my information thingamajig (DevonThink). While it doesn't invalidate the concerns in this article, I was reminded of an article by the New Yorker I read a while ago on the importance of using checklists (and, by extension, technology) in health care. It's been submitted before: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3360098 Ah yes, the good old days :). At least I graduated when master's degrees didn't have variable costs yet! > Either way, if you haven't paid everything back in the first fifteen years after graduating, your remaining debt is cancelled. I understood that they do extend that period for the time that you don't pay back your loan. Is that incorrect? Currently, I mostly agree, and I hope it lasts. However, I've found incredible value in the connections I made at university, which would've been much more difficult if I had not studied. Assuming you live in a country where you don't amass crippling debt, studying can still be very valuable, for a variety of reasons. Ah yes, the credit score. I remember a friend explaining that to me when I visited her in the US. It shocked me! This does not really exist here, and I'm pretty sure that's the case for most of Europe. I'd say at the very least most middle-class-and-above children are strongly imprinted with the concept that debt is bad. Furthermore, I suspect that at least here in The Netherlands there are pretty strong regulations on credit-style business ventures and advertising (or buying with monthly payments). Basically, our approach is that if you can't pay for something, you shouldn't buy it. Among my friends, whatever their personal situation, most don't even have a credit card (and I'm almost thirty!). And when they do, it's usually specifically for buying stuff that you can't pay for with a debit card. In my case, for example, I was pretty quick with a credit card because I was 'internet-savvy', but I specifically got a student version that has a -1000 euro limit and that automatically resets to 0 every month. Futurama could be considered at least partly hopeful, but I suppose that doesn't really count? True, but that assumes you already have portfolio, you have the courage to approach 'industry leaders' (especially at a young age this can be daunting), and/or you have an idea of what you're looking for. If you're good at the right things, and are motivated, you can do fine with and without college. But college can make a lot of things easier, and more natural. Of course, it can also backfire and turn you into an undisciplined, alcoholic college-dropout. tl;dr: I'm not disagreeing with you, but I want to highlight that going to college is a perfectly legitimate option with many advantages (if one doesn't consider the debt). They do look at your financial situation if you want to make a loan, if that's what you mean. I was responding primarily to "In the US, if you avoid debt at all costs, you get a rude awakening." As far as I can tell, that's not the case in Holland. It's better to not have any kind of debt if you get a loan. Which seems like a sensible approach to me. (but I am not well versed in all this, so if you really want to know I suggest you ask a Dutchman who has had experience with loans other than big student loans!) Ah, thanks for clearing that up. I think I'm part of the new, or at least newer system. I also vaguely recall they upped the 15 years to 25, but for me it's not a big issue as right now I can pay my monthly calculated amount without issues. Would going to a European university be an option? The experience of being in another culture itself could be immensely valuable. If you have anything to do with Drupal (and possibly Wordpress) as well, you might run into issues. At least concerning Drupal, a lot of plugins require changes to the .htaccess file(s), and at least when I tried, this was hard to translate to nginx. But there are some .htaccess to nginx converters, so I'm not sure if that is a big issue at this time. And as others have said, you might find the nginx approach to be much more comfortable than .htaccess. I did. I still hear many people say that games can't be art, but the debate seems to have subsided. Perhaps this is because games have become so ubiquitous there it's just not as interesting to discuss it anymore. As an aside, as far as (RPG) gameplay experiences go, few have topped Planescape: Torment in quality of storytelling. If you include non-rpg's, The Thief series (1 and 2) are good contenders too. Or at the very least set up forwarding in case you can't get back to your account! I think alcohol serves a similar function at least here in Western Europe, albeit less obviously. I've noticed that many people 'act' drunk well before they are. Having a beer in hand is permission to let your guard down a bit. I mostly approve, but a danger I've found is that people can get stuck in it, even if they don't necessarily become alcoholics. I've noticed that some 'nerds' can actually overdo alpha male things when opportunity arises. Perhaps this is analogous to a closeted gay person trying really hard to come across as straight (I know a few personally, and sometimes it pains me to watch this behavior), or the pick-up artist 'community'. I've been like that myself when I was younger. (I'm not saying it's a bad thing; just something I've noticed) Thanks for the information! I've mostly moved away from Drupal, but I still maintain a number of sites for some clients. Good to know a move to nginx is an option. The kind of debt mentioned in the article? No. In my opinion, of course. I'm so happy that google is not officially recommending this. More than once that's been the one argument that worked with clients. I've had helpful 'popups' on mobile sites that I couldn't close because the close button was perpetually out of screen, as they were not designed for the small screen. To my surprise, I've seen this on a number of big sites. It baffles me that nobody ever noticed this bug, but on the other hand I can see how this would happen. The developers probably never noticed because they already had the cookie that prevents the popup from showing. Still... > Sometimes I have a feeling that our grandparents or parents are not thinking or introspecting as deeply as my generation. I have that same feeling, and David Foster Wallace touches on that in his essay on television ( http://jsomers.net/DFW_TV.pdf ). Every once in a while this subject comes up with female friends of mine, and every time I'm shocked by the stories. And then I'm shocked even more by the fact that I am generally unaware of all this, and by the fact that they don't usually tell me these things because they're 'used' to it and they don't want people to think they're whining. A big difference is that there is consensus that slavery is altogether a bad idea (at least among the people using the term master/slave in the current context), while there is no such consensus concerning sex. At first I thought this commit was a joke, then I felt a slight annoyance at this political correctness, only to finally realize that it's not really such a bad idea, since we all agree slavery is bad, and it can be quite awkward to use the terminology around people that don't hear it often. My point wasn't that it's awkward primarily. I agree with you that the whole point of jargon is for 'insiders' to be able to communicate quickly and unambiguously. The point is that it could be sensitive and just isn't a nice term to use day to day. I've had moments myself where using the master and slave terms felt a bit... odd. It very well might be that I was the only one feeling a bit awkward, but that itself is a reason to consider using less loaded terms. Second, though I agree that industry terms are valuable, I can't think of that many terms that have connotations similar to slavery (but by all means jog my memory!). And even if there are, I don't see why we can't incrementally change our terminology and phase out anachronistic (and/or loaded) ones. Finally though, I don't find this a big issue. I see it as relatively easy to slowly change this term, and I like that, but I don't feel like I should actively argue for changing the terms 'master' and 'slave'. But I do enjoy discussing it :). I would definitely prefer another post over replying to individual posts. Good luck! > I don't know why you are getting hostile or accusing me of being "rabid". Kind of goes against the spirit of careful intellectual discussion. Initially, I felt similarly about the general 'tone' of your statements. Then I browsed through your comment history. Here are the most 'rabid' statements I could find (emphasis mine): > What's the specific error I made beyond doubting the Great Piketty? > I imagine Piketty would consider that a problem if he knew India existed. followed, to be fair, by pointing out at least twice: > It's an attempt at poetic exaggeration To my surprise, you've been acting more in 'the spirit of careful intellectual discussion' than I initially thought, and I suspect it was the surrounding comments that agreed with yours that 'polluted' my view (as well as a slight personal bias that I have). Perhaps it's good to completely avoid poetic exaggeration, or to maybe consider the context of you comments and adjust to make your comments a bit more palatable to the many who strongly disagree. Or perhaps you're doing fine as it is, and your 'karma' attests to that. Either way, I figured I'd post my observations for those who might similarly, and I believe erroneously, feel that you are being 'rabid'. I'd also like to thank you for your informative comments. I'm following all discussions on Pikkety with great interest, and I'm trying to stay aware of my bias of wanting his results to be correct. (and my apologies for not contributing something more substantial at this point in time) But possibly he made this particular homeless man happier. Not being homeless is, in my opinion, a good goal, but it shouldn't be seen as an end unto itself. I'm impressed by the article, as usually I expect articles on these issues to skew towards a complete misunderstanding of homelessness, often at best with a tone of exasperation. From my experience around homeless or border-line homeless people, it's always more complicated than it seems. And yet, simply being kind, even if just acknowledging their existence without making them feel judged, seems to me like a great start. Even if the underlying motivations might be misguided. Here in The Netherlands we have some systems that help those who are homeless, or those who are in danger of becoming homeless. While there is plenty of criticism, and plenty goes wrong, there are also plenty of examples of people getting back on their feet because we have strong support structures. I really hope stories such as these will help to increase initiatives like that, or at least funding of existing (result-based) programs. I feel there are some serious societal issues underlying the phenomenon, but something is better than nothing. That's a good point. Google has been doing a decent job at that so far, though, and I suspect if such a change in terminology were ever to become mainstream, it will be a gradual process, and generally specific to 'newer' systems. I think the key issue is to what degree this is a serious choice of a certain lifestyle, and to what degree it is through fear, insecurity, or similar 'negative' motivations. It's not always hard to separate the two, especially not for an outside observer, but the difference is there, and I think the 'negative' motivation often leads to less happiness in the long run. Yes, but isn't that the whole point? If a city is designed for cars, you're gonna need a car. Which has all kinds of downsides. I have to admit I often thumbed my nose at 'those Americans and theird cars', but only until I spent some time in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. Once there, I realized that it's pretty much impossible to do anything without a care! It shocked me. (Holy shit! My apologies for the length and, at times, the tone. Take it with a grain of salt if you want to. All this just resonated with me and it comes from a desire to help, not criticize!) > You don't know what it's like to be in my shoes. To be extremely lonely with no friends. To have nothing but your intelligence to keep you company. To change your patterns of living, the places you eat, and the paths you walk, just to avoid certain social situations. To stay confined to one place for a while because to get to where you want to be, you have to pass through an anxiety-zone to get there. I know what's it like to be in your shoes. You're describing me, or at least who I have been for a long time, to a tee! I can elaborate, but suffice it to say it's pretty much as you describe. It even made me consider suicide for a while. But more importantly, tons of people know what it's like (especially in this corner of the world). It's just that 1) we're not very visible in popular culture on account of it not being that interesting to watch an episode of a guy sit at a computer by himself, and 2) lonely people, by definition, don't meet lonely people. A very, very common and very harmful defense mechanism that I've seen and experienced is to blame others for this, and to develop a sense of arrogance ("nothing but your intelligence"). While this is understandable, I think it's completely untrue and most importantly: it's utterly pointless. Even if it's true, it's not going to change how you feel, it's not changing anything and, worse, will make you focus on these negative emotions. It's a downward spiral. Your resentment or anger prevents you from seeing those instances where people do reach out, because you're too busy feeling bad for yourself. The arrogance you develop as a defense mechanism (however subconscious this process might be) makes you insufferable, and, well, that's what we call a self-fulfilling prophecy. And you know what? Even that is utterly common. There are tons of very social people who exactly the way you do: lonely, bitter, angry, and entitled/arrogant. It's just that their particular spiral just looks different: they might become drama kings or queens, and they flit from friendship to friendship and relationship to relationship because nobody can stand them in the long run. Now let me be less harsh and comment as constructively as I can on some specific things you say that stand out to me: > We can't hit you. Then you turn around and think you can slap me? Please. Don't slap me or I'm going to be really tempted to slap you back. As a rule, I don't hit girls. There are all sorts of good reasons why this rule is good. But there have been few occasions, few and far between, where I warned a repeat-hitter (of the non-playful style of hitting) to cut it out or I'll hit her back, 'conventions' be damned. And it's happened that I did physically restrain or push a girl after she'd continue to be abusive. Now, I never outright hit a woman, but that's because it was never necessary. Maybe one day I might hit a woman. But you know what? It's not relevant. It never happens, as I don't hang around women who punch me. If you do, then stop doing that. But letting that happen and making conclusions about 'women' seems like a bit of a silly thing to do. It's like concluding all black people are thieves because you decide to walk around in a gang-area with money flapping out of your pockets. But it does fit in the victim-role that I've once taken on, for understandable reasons, and that you might find yourself taking on currently. > Women can be ruthless. It's not just men. Yes, they're human, and a lot of humans are shitty excuses for humans. But I know very few people who think otherwise, and that includes people who are bit too far on the militant feminism side of things. And again, why not just avoid people who claim that women are not ruthless. > And a lot of this is that I don't get it. I don't. I am horrible socially. You probably are. So was I, and I still am in many ways. That's why I like to spend a lot of days alone with a computer, or the comfortably-distant company of people on IRC or Hacker News. That way I can think about my responses and not feel anxious. The moment I realized that it is okay to be an introvert or loner , I became much happier. And as a result I found it easier to go out and learn to socialize and deal with my anxiety find a balance. I will always be more anxious kind of person, but that is why I seek out people who suit me in that way. Other geeks are great for that. But acceptance is key to this, and resentment and arrogance keep you from accepting yourself, and then figuring out how else you could be. > When will being a beta male be OK? Go to a tech meetup. A programming camp. Stuff like that. Talk to a psychologist. The world is filled with beta males and nobody cares. Nice people care that you are nice , and even plenty of 'alpha' males, hot and social girls, and whatnot, can enjoy the company of nice beta-males. I've experienced that, and it still surprises me sometimes that once you're out of the high-school clique-mentality, we nerds can offer a lot to others. Once I lost my anger and resentment, and decided to accept my nerdy, anxious, socially-inept selp, I gradually became the guy people wanted to be friends with. The guy who you talk to about serious stuff. The guy who gets carried away by some nerdy topic, but isn't that kinda funny and interesting and you can just tell him to shut up already and watch the football. The guy who girls of many varieties like because he's got a mind that he likes to use, and despite his oddness, he cares about them and respects them (and even alpha males need nerd-love!). > And I have to take you out, pay for your dinner, and your concert tickets [etc.] No you don't. Part of the problem is that you don't really know what you 'have' to do, on account of being so stuck in your notions of what this 'outside' world is like. If I'm on a date, I usually split the bill. Or I pay if I feel like it and if I like the girl enough to conform to 'conventions' that might exist. If she cares that I don't pay, that's the last date. Just to be clear, I could be off about you. I'm just trying to interpret what you're saying. But if you don't feel I'm being accurate, my apologies. I'm just sharing this out of frustration over having seen so many people get lost in loneliness (or even depression or homelessness) for precisely the reasons I describe. The core mechanism is simple: 1. person can't 'function' in a way they themselves desire, for a variety of reasons (mental issues, personality, personal history, etc). 2. person gets understandably sad and frustrated and lonely, and nobody seems to care 3. person develops a constant feeling of inferiority and failure, and their mind shields them from this through inflated ego, arrogance, entitlement, controlling behavior, extreme introspection (leading to a false 'understanding' of the world) and a variety of other defense mechanisms. 4. these two seemingly opposite things interact to both confirm his negative feelings, and further destroy his sense of self-worth and self-acceptance. The only way out is to suck it up, seek professional help, learn to be a nice person, learn to comfortably reject shitty people (as a result of having the self-worth and awareness to do so), and avoid especially the isolating, 'I am a special snowflake' type of thinking, again and again. I can still fall into the snowflake trap, as I am a self-involved human like anyone else. But it's easier for me to get out of that now by remembering that I am not alone, my problems are shockingly common, and that everyone needs good people to offset the shit that happens. Trying to be such a good person, and finding help for my particular problems, has make me so much happier than I've been for most of my life. > I'm just so tired of everyone yelling this, that, and the other thing, and missing the picture that is mental illness You (and I) might have legitimate issues, but the only purpose of labeling them as illness is if we go and find a cure. Otherwise we're just emotional hypochondriacs. I'm sorry for being so 'meta' in here, but here I go again. One thing you could ask yourself is why feel the need to that discussion in the first place. I have my own thoughts on the male-female dynamic that are by no means mainstream and could offend a whole bunch of people. But rather than inflate a sense of 'disconnect', I now try to find the 'harmony' and to only discuss these things in the right setting and with the right type of people. In hindsight, I feel that seeking out such discussions was really just a combination of on the one hand confirming how much more unique, smart and reasonable/rational I was in comparisons to other, and on the other hand a way of justifying my inability to deal with the 'otherness' (of women, social people, etc.). Not only did this behavior actively hurt others at times, it didn't really matter that much to my own life. I could've simply quit engaging with people who disagree with me to the point of 'active' disharmony, and spent my time with people who are more, well, agree-able. Or I could've disliked their beliefs, but given it a rest because in the grand scheme of things not being lonely is often preferable to being 'right' (within certain limits, of course). I like to see much of the field of psychology as similar to 'early' medicine, or perhaps even our current treatment methods for cancer. The methods are often primitive, inaccurate, and, in hindsight, sometimes even harmful. But we're doing the best we can, and the goal is (generally) good. And often it's better than nothing. This should not prevent us from criticizing what we deem to be bad or at least faulty solutions, but it is also important to realize that this is an ongoing process, and not to reject the efforts because they're not perfect. > The Bitlocker thing seems strange until you realize that it probably really IS the best alternative for most users. The users who are paranoid enough to not trust Bitlocker can probably look out for their own security, so it makes sense to give instructions for the rest. It seems odd to me that security specialists would recommend a flawed tool to 'the masses'. It just doesn't fit with what I usually read from people in this line of work. Indeed. For many people this issue is premature optimization. When I tried to decide between a Middleman app with minimal configuration work and easy deploy (Heroku), or Ghost, Wordpress, or something like that, one consideration was page generation time. I calculated that most optimistically, I'd probably write at most three articles a week (which is very optimistic). That means approximately 150 articles a year. That's pretty quick to generate, so I could even leave the generation process to heroku on first page refresh if I wanted. Since the sidebar stuff or 'recent entry' links are not really important for SEO, couldn't you just load those from one static file using a bit of javascript? That's what I'm thinking of doing... The crucial difference, as others have pointed out, is that if you start with a dynamic site and add caching, there are a lot of likely gotchas like infinite url's that all load a slightly different page (pagination, tag combinations, etc.), as well as potential security issues when a page is not cached yet, or the cache is busted. On the other hand, if you start with a SSG, your initial state is that every page is cached and works, and you have to think carefully of adding some kind of pagination mechanism. As the quote goes, "There are only two hard problems in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things." The big benefit of a SSG is that you 'solved' the cache problem, and will immediately be aware of issues there. > Because drugs are illegal it is hard to do research but most peoe are pretty clear that drugs can have a causal effect on mental health problems, even for people who would not have exhibited and mental illness without drug use. From both personal experience and from observing various kinds of drug users close to me , I get the distinct impression that the danger of drugs is often not inherent to the drug itself (as in, 'drug has irreversible effect X'), but rather more to do with the fact that if you are a regular drug user, you're essentially wresting control away from your 'natural' functions, and taking matters into your own hand. This is just my experience and observation; I'm perfectly happy to be told that I'm completely wrong. Regardless of whether you are mentally 'fit' to begin with or not, taking control of things that normally are managed more, eh, organically carries specific kinds of risks. Especially if it is not entirely clear what these particular 'things' or bodily functions are. I think this applies to drugs in the broadest sense. Take, for example, someone using sleep medication to fall asleep. If this person gets used to this medication, the first problem is that his body might 'forget' how to naturally fall asleep. Even worse, this person might get used to eating a huge meal or drinking a coffee every evening. While 'naturally' this kind of habit can disrupt sleep, the 'managed sleep', through medication, removed this problem. When the person stops using this medication, his first challenge is to give the body time to learn how to fall asleep by itself again. But the bigger challenge is to learn (or even just realize) that he should not eat a big meal or drink coffee late at night. Now with sleep medication you at least have a decent idea of the effects. But if your medication is weed or alcohol (for example), the effects are more varied and unpredictable. I think legalization doesn't necessarily 'solve' the problems that a substance can present, as alcohol is arguably one of the worst drugs one can use. Cigarettes aren't that great either. But being able to reason about a substance is crucial. Talking about smoking or drinking, and associated dangers, was a part of my upbringing. Talking about other drugs (MDMA being a popular one over here currently) just didn't happen, in large part because they're illegal to begin with. If things are illegal, why have a reasonable conversation about it with your kids/students/peers/etc.? Ah, then a javascript solution is out of the question. What problem did you run into with iframes? Even though I'm a very 'mixed' type of writer/coder, I find normal mode very useful because moving around in the document, for me, is much faster that way. So even if I only have to move x words to the left, delete until the first occurrence of character y, or change the text inside the very next quotation marks (one of my favorite tricks), the 'hassle' of switching between modes is worth the ease of moving around the document. In the few cases where I need to do something even more trivial, I can still navigate the 'regular' way in insert mode. Furthermore, I find that I generally work better if I don't just rapidly and constantly switch (mental) modes, even for prose. I'm starting to feel my 'instant' connection to the output makes me sloppier and makes it harder for me to reason about what I'm exactly trying to do. So for me it even has a psychological benefit to use an editor that has modes. > I've said it a million times: "Promises, 'nuff said". Koa.js' use of ES6 (or even ES5?) generators and such are also a great solution! I can't answer for the OP, but I was homeschooled and I was around a lot of people from other cultures that were also homeschooled. In the case of the Americans, they were homeschooled primarily because the parents felt they could do a better job than the US school system, and because they wanted to use Christian-friendly learning materials. For social contact and 'real-life' social education, they'd put their children into a variety of (sports) clubs. In the case of my parents, it was a practical necessity, as we lived in a developing country. The nearest international school was a long drive away, it was expensive, and reintegration into the Dutch school system would have been much more difficult. Instead, their solution was the get a just-out-of-school teacher to have one or more exciting years volunteering and practicing their craft on me and my siblings, which my parents would augment with personal attention and long-distance help from retired teachers back in Holland. The teacher would use a Dutch 'long-distance learning' approach that was the defacto system for Dutch expats. For high-school material, this meant a book that explained, day by day, what should be read and what exercises should be done. Now, I personally feel the results were so good, that I would do everything to make it possible to either home-school my children (if I have 'em), or to get them into some alternative school (montessori, etc.). Aside from some difficulties adjusting to Dutch society, my siblings and I did quite well, and I believe on the reasons we are all active learners and autodidacts is a direct result of not having been part of the normal system. The primary argument I hear against home-schooling when normal schooling is possible is that it hampers a child's social development. I never bought that. Kids get a lot of that from playing out in the street, or being part of clubs. Furthermore, for a significant portion of kids I believe their 'normal' schooling can have a negative social impact, through various degrees of bullying, and the group pressure to believe that learning is stupid. I did not have a clue that voluntary study was stupid and nerdy until I returned to high school at age seventeen... (of course, I also understand that for many people home-schooling isn't a practical option. I think that's a shame. And I also understand that some parents might not be any good at teaching, and that a mandatory educational system can be a benefit in that case.) Exactly. And since I recently mapped 'normal' mode to the Caps Lock key, it's even easier. I did this because I was forced to use a keyboard that had no ESC key, but it's been very useful with vim. f.lux main benefit is that it gets 'warmer' in color as well, as the blue light is harsh and can affect your sleep (or so I've heard). My dad tuned out as the keynote got to this point, but for me (as a web developer... for now!) this was the highlight. It works in Calibre, provided you can get your hands on the epub file in some way... I don't know if it's scummy, but at least they link to the swift-lang.org website at the bottom of the page. I jumped straight from being a student to being a freelancer, so I didn't really experience 'normal' work hours until much later (as a contractor working on location). I found that I did slowly gravitate to normal hours because of precisely this reason. My friends started having regular jobs and so I ended up having to adjust my working hours to that. In fact, I was worse off because I didn't really realize I was conforming to normal work hours, but clients realized that they could approach me whenever they wanted, which was usually in the evening or the weekend. It took me a while to learn how to not answer every email or phone call at odd times, and re-condition my clients. While I do have the Northern desire for punctuality, I have the same issues that you do with planning days ahead to specifically. Unfortunately, since most of the people around me plan ahead, they have specific times in their schedules to meet me, so I have to accommodate that. I'm inclined to agree with you personally. That said, I came to see relationships and the intimacy that comes with it as very valuable once I 'tried' it, despite the fact that said relationships were, to a large degree, painful. I learned a tremendous amount from them, and there were a lot of benefits I didn't really understand before. My approach is that something I haven't tried before is worth trying, especially if it's a 'common' thing. But at the same time I feel doing so because it's a 'common' thing is not the best of motivations. That's a possibility, but on the other hand you also have to factor in that the behavior of people currently on reddit is not only skewed 1) demographically, but 2) also affected by current society. Regarding 1, I'd venture a guess that people on reddit are generally younger, and reddit as a community is bigger (especially if you stick with the 'main' reddits.). Many of my friends feel discouraged to be creative on reddit because of the sheer volume of creativity already there. They share their creativity in smaller workshops or among friends. And considering 2, a lot of people have to use significant energy to do 'bullshit jobs', so when they come home they have little left for creative expression. I lean towards the 'it's worth a shot' approach. I've been freelancing for a few years now, and in my constant battle against seeing my job as just a job, I notice a sharp increase in creativity when I get the 'money' part out of the way (via a fun or lucrative project), and when the job routines fades from my system (after some time spent not working actively on a lucrative-but-slightly-boring project). Furthermore, if I look at my younger, more carefree self and at my younger siblings and their friends, I'm amazed at the creativity. They play minecraft instead of more consumer-style games, they tinker with electronics, and generally, after the novelty of 'doing nothing' wears off, seek out creativity with a passion. And this doesn't seem to be a specific subtype of people (geeks, creatives, whatever). > I guess my gripe with the interviewee is that he has a notion of how society should be, and argues toward forcing economic redistributions to make it happen ... decrying & denying the reality that the economy is what it is, on the whole, because it's the cumulation of free choices. I'd say you're technically correct, but mostly because 'cumulation of free choices' is rather ambiguous. The eight-hour work day and minimum wage, for example, are a result of the labor movements efforts, but these efforts often found their origins in the 'activism' of people like the interviewee. Much of our current economy, one could argue, is not the result of the individual employer's or employee's 'free choices', but rather via 'notions of how society should be' developed by people like the interviewee. > Force redistribution to impose the social structure & values the interviewee wants, and methinks most of us would rebel at the results; we're not living that way for a reason. I guess my point is that we are , to greater or lesser extent depending on where we live, living with social structures and values that we would not individually rebel against. And much of that could be considered 'conditioning'. Here in Holland we have the government actively doing things that I suspect many Americans would rebel strongly against, ranging from health care to 'be nice to your neighbour' style government-funded advertising. Now, it's a different discussion whether one agrees with forced redistribution as a specific implement (I'm not sure I do), but I'm just arguing that many of the reasons for way we live are precisely a result of that thing you have a gripe with. (and, I guess, aside from using this to share my view, I'd be curious to hear where you would draw the line when it comes to 'notions of how society should be' -> 'imposing social structure and values') What I find fascinating is that I feel a strong desire to respond to your statement, write out a long comment (which I've done and posted earlier on in this thread) explaining how I disagree, only to realize that it's really hard to get anywhere when our disagreement is so fundamental and complex. I stopped to think where we disagree fundamentally, and I think it boils down to this: Our technological, social, and economic developments, I believe, have led to crazy increases in wealth and comfort, and I suppose happiness too, at least in the West, but arguably even globally. I think we more or less agree on that. I think we are also in agreement in many ways we're better off than we have been in the past. We are somewhat less in agreement over the cause of this, and I suppose that could be a worthwhile conversation. I'm inclined to believe capitalism played some role in this, but that, from a 'social evolutionary' perspective, it's become, or turning into a malignant growth. I'd say technological developments play a much bigger role, and perhaps capitalism was just a mechanism that 'worked' to enable this. But I'm by no means certain of that, and it seems to me that there's no way to get anywhere on this subject other than sustained conversation where we move down to our most basic 'axioms' step by step. Where I am more certain, and where I suspect we agree least , is whether the status quo is 'good enough' and by extension worth defending or 'fighting'. I think it's not worth defending too much, primarily because I strongly believe that should be no reason whatsoever for us to be working as much and as hard as we do now. The 'general' increase in wealth and comfort pales in comparison to what would be possible if we had a fairer system in place, and I believe it is absolutely worth the effort to take a shot at creating such a fairer system. I think we've learned at least something from the past, and that we won't attempt to just implement a full totalitarian redistribution scheme. And even if there's a significant risk of our efforts turning into another 'failed utopia', merely the rising social instability and the (I'd say) well-proven disastrous ecological developments are reason enough for me to take that risk rather than making some small incremental changes to our current system. However, that would be outside of the confines of the discussion in this thread, and that's quite frustrating. I guess what I'm saying is that without considering these more fundamental disagreements, our collective discussions in this thread are bound to frustrate and not really significantly 'shape' or change our views. That said, I enjoy reading your views and I mostly just felt like writing this; it's not something 'aimed' at you in particular! I find this article the least interesting one I've read so far, so if you find the ideas interesting, be sure to check out some of his other writing. Are they? At least in Holland their income is really low in comparison to higher-ups in big corporations doing similar kinds of work, and much of their 'cushy' lives depend on future positions in said corporations. These positions are often not acquired by helping 'everybody', but rather by means that often seem merely varying degrees of corruption. I think what partly complicates this is our 'semantic'(?) understanding of a 'user' in the context of a Rails app, where it might make more (or less) sense to return nil, but where this is not immediately obvious. If instead you'd have a car object in the context of an app that sells junkyard items, it would make sense to return '0' instead of 'nil' when it concerns wheels (wow, this might be a terrible example...). It seems to me that using too much of this implicit 'semantic thinking' is to be avoided, especially when the semantic meaning is not entirely clear or always agreed upon, like with user objects. And if you look at this that way, it might be best to avoid returning nil in general (except perhaps for 'primitives?), and instead always go for a boolean return value. (I have little experience in these matters, so please correct me if I'm wrong!) I suppose that would be the 'Huxley argument' ( http://cdn.visualnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/orwell-... ). I try to be hopeful and positive about the fact that we have unprecedented access to information. But both the behavior of those around me and, sadly, that of myself, indicates that more information does not make us more informed. I try to counter my tendency to consume news from sources that I already agree with, for example, but it's a constant battle, because most of my news sources either use technology to filter for me (Zite, etc.), or rely on group processes where the group is very similar to myself (Hacker News, to a degree). In no particular order: I learned a lot of uncomfortable stuff about my behavior in a short time These were things that I had never noticed before, despite being a very introspective, reflective person (and a psychologist to boot). And I think the relationship was key to that. While my friendships also uncover new truths about myself, I can generally keep things as superficial as I desire, and I have a lot of control over when to see my friends, in what context, and for how long. Relationships (generally) have a tendency to break out of those patterns, uncovering a lot in a short time. This has proved so beneficial that I don't even regret some of the truly toxic and emotionally harrowing situations I've been in. No pain, no gain, I guess. For certain things of varying importance, I could rely on my 'significant other'. A form of symbiosis, I guess I am not a practical or very, uh, physical man. When I'm caught up in something, I forget to eat (or eat healthily), I forget to do my laundry or clean my house, I forget to meet friends (either for my benefit, theirs, or both of ours), or I forget to even just go outside. And once I break out of this obsession, I often realize in hindsight that it wasn't always worth forgetting that other stuff. And yet I keep doing this, and from looking at my father, this is quite possibly something I cannot break out of without significant effort. Effort that I'd rather spend on other things. When I was in a relationship with someone who was different enough in these regards, but similar enough to not cause too much friction, my life improved immensely, including the efficacy of the targets of my obsessions. It turns out a balanced life is usually better :). While this might be an extreme example and you might not identify with this, I think most people have their blind spots, and while my previous point could arguably be 'solved' by fixing the flaws , it is much harder (and perhaps less desirable) to 'fix' these personality traits . Sex, physical intimacy, and a direct 'responsibility' to another person is generally a fundamental aspect of being human I am happy alone. Truly happy. I also probably have a lower libido than most. I don't understand people who can't be alone or need sex all the time and will put up with terrible partners or consequences to achieve this. And yet, I learned that while I am perhaps unusual in this regard, it's quite likely that to some degree I learned to be happy alone, and I learned to be happy without having sex very often, but this might not be my ideal state. And experimenting in this regard has given me a more nuanced view of myself, where I realize that the hug I get might be exactly the one I needed, even though I didn't feel like that before I got the hug (for example). The bottom-line is that I've known many people in relationships and I've known many people without them. Happiness is perhaps as closely related to being in one or the other category as we often think, but there is a relation, in my opinion. 'Norms' can be at the very least informative as to what is likely a healthy approach. And my personal experience with people who have no (romantic) relationships, or for that matter people who have no friends, is that especially later in life they seem to grow in a way that does not seem to make them happier. More successful perhaps, or more valuable to society, but often obviously (to me) less happy. Loneliness is a terrible affliction, and can sneak up on you. Whether you want to take the risk of being 'on your own' (in whichever particular form you choose) depends partly on your desired outcome, of course. Newton was a recluse, but perhaps he lived the most fulfilling and happy life he could have led, and at the very least he was very important to the world (in my opinion). For me, I don't want to take such a risk without having experimented with the alternatives. I might very well choose to remain alone for much of my life, but at least I have (some) idea of what I might be missing out on, and some experience and skill to reconsider my choices later (which can be hard if you have no experience in this regard). That said, I'm still young and I might be full of shit... :-). Ask me again in a few decades! (also, perhaps the key point is that I didn't always greatly desire a relationship and I didn't always like the person. Especially the first time, it was a conscious choice to try something big, new, and potentially dangerous, but less dangerous than I had initially thought). Indeed, but I think you can read 'sex is irrelevant' in multiple ways (not necessarily as part of the above comment). For example, I was recently in a situation where I felt no sex drive whatsoever, but greatly valued the intimacy of the particular relationship that was developing. The lack of sex drive had little to do with the partner's attractiveness, it just wasn't there. I have that sometimes. Since for me 'sex was irrelevant', but for her sex and intimacy (understandably) went together, we talked about this and found a happy middle ground where we could share intimacy, and I could 'give her' sexual satisfaction without caring too much for it myself. In fact, I could do this precisely because I didn't care too much, and I was absolutely willing to do her a 'favor' (and it wasn't entirely unenjoyable to me, of course). At some point she wanted a bit more mutual sexual desire, so our arrangement changed. Because we talked about it, this went quite smoothly and to this day there is a lot of intimacy (within the bounds of what is situationally desirable). I don't think we'd have gotten to that point if we had not had a whole bunch of good conversations about the exact relationship between sex and intimacy in the context of our 'partnership'. Poverty functions in a similar way. On the one hand it's not an unfair assessment that poor people make poor choices, need constant supervision, and cannot be left in charge (which is often something I find I'm often afraid to say among more left-leaning individuals). On the other hand you can't really blame the poor for that, and the cycle of poverty can be broken with a combination of education and opportunity, perhaps only over multiple generations. What you do with this information, I suppose, depends on your political leanings. You can emphasize either side of the story, and be sort of correct. I've been thinking of trying my hand at an app that is nothing more than a thin layer on top of email. It would receive email, occasionally send email, but not really do anything else with the user's actual email account. I'm not very familiar with email other than as a user, so my question is: how easy would this be? Ideally I want to avoid mucking about too much with the email protocols or store a person's entire collection of emails... I am the same, and while it's not bad per se, it has its own dangers. If not for my friends, I'd easily slide into a comfortable hermit existence. And every time I do, it harms me in the long term and I usually only realize this when I look back. Like most other things, I suppose, it's about finding a balance. My 'balance' probably lies on the 'hermit' end of the spectrum, but I still find that social engagements are essential in the long run. While it's possible that some are 'true' hermits or 'true' socialites, I doubt it. I can't speak for everyone, but I downvoted you primarily because of your arrogant and generally uncivil tone and your predictions and assumptions as why people (would) downvote you. Judging from your other comments, you can be fascinating and insightful, and I have much to learn from you especially in the field of programming. And yet your comment history is peppered with comments in a similar tone and attitude. I can't tell if you're just tone-deaf or doing this on purpose, but I find it highly unpleasant. Plus, you're not following the guidelines: > Resist complaining about being downmodded. It never does any good, and it makes boring reading. > Please don't bait other users by inviting them to downmod you. It could very well be an age thing, because I myself and friends of similar age (25-30) use both 'at', and 'apenstaartje', although primarily the former. I treat Facebook in much the same way. However, I don't completely agree with your statement that: > I feel like people always talk as if the trade-off is between wasting hours of time on the newsfeed or being harder to reach, but this is a false dilemma. I've often argued the same when friends of mine closed their facebook account and became harder to reach. Then I realized that this choice of 'moderation' can be very difficult for many people, in the same way that for some people it can be really difficult to stop drinking once they start, and in the same way that for me it's really difficult to start watching a new show without binging on it. That said, ideally I'd propose your solution. On mobile this is easier if you just install the messenger app without the facebook app (assuming that's possible). I can definitely recommend Achewood (21 on the buzzfeed article). It can take some time to get into it, and it has a distinct flavor that you might never learn to like, but if you do, it's amazing. I haven't really read any of the comics in years, but I still find myself using 'Achewood' language in some of my conversations. I rather like these two: http://www.achewood.com/index.php?date=12282007 http://www.achewood.com/index.php?date=01272003 Could you direct me to the post in question, as I'm (currently?) only seeing the 'in memoriam' page? I find my 'natural' retention is better with hand-written notes. I get a better 'general idea' and I organically remember certain parts of the lecture. However, I also end up However, my long-term retention is far better and deeper with digital notes, as they are not only indexed by spotlight (osx), but I drop them into DEVONthink which can relate text to other text through word frequency (and perhaps some other techniques). For example, I remember attending a lecture in my fourth year where the teacher's statements sparked a memory of some earlier lecture. I entered some search terms in these tools and immediately found both the notes I had made three years earlier as well as the original articles that they were based on. As a bonus, I ended up remembering more about both these lectures and the topic at hand. My ideal approach would be to take notes by hand and then transcribe them into my 'information systems'. Unfortunately, I often forget this crucial second step and end up forgetting where I left those original notes, or losing them entirely. The same principle applies to reading. I much prefer reading and annotating on paper, with all the 'drawing' freedom that gives me. But reading an ebook, exporting all my highlights and annotations, and then importing them into my 'systems' has been much more valuable in the long run. (for an idea of how someone actually uses spotlight, devonthink, or some other digital storage system effectively, this could be informative: http://www.stevenberlinjohnson.com/movabletype/archives/0002... ) Maybe it would be too much work to rewrite the specific logic that prevents HN 'manipulation' for reddit? Although I suppose much of the behavior and target audience is similar... Well, let's see: 1. a woman shares DNA with her mother. A big chunk of it. 2. she were most likely raised by her mother, and influenced strongly by who she was, the good and the bad. 3. on account of being of the same gender, a mother is usually a primary role model to woman, in the same way many fathers are to men. I'd say that's plenty of evidence. I'd also say that the same goes for men, and more recently I've been amazed by how similar my siblings are to me, in comparison to the rest of the world. Anecdotally, it's true to varying degrees with all women I know, and the similarities only became more visible as I got to know them better. While I'm not a big fan of the points OP picked to focus on ("how well she keeps the home in order, raise kids, and AGE"), I don't think his statement that women often become like their mothers is so incredibly bold or hard to believe. While my impressions of a love interest's mother (and to a lesser degree father) are not the deciding factor, they are an important data point, because in every relationship I've had, specific 'issues' that were immediately obvious in her parents eventually bubbled up in her as well. It would be silly to ignore that information. While I don't share the pessimism or sense of superiority one might read into OP's post, I think their point remains (somewhat) valid. There are many people who 'endeavor' exactly the way he describes, many more than I always wanted to believe. And many of them are quite intelligent, so it's not just about IQ. While changing our approaches to education and the right motivation, in my opinion, can bring people much further than some of us are inclined to believe, this is a limited solution for all the grownups who live in the way OP describes. Yeah, that's more or less how I read it. I just wanted to make it clear that I was agreeing with you on the general statement, not on the possible interpretation that the things you name are the typical things one should think of of in relation to women. > Funny thing is, when recommending it to a friend, they mistakenly assumed from the title that it was a book of underhand tactics Most people I've told about this book have the same reaction, to the point where I suspect that Carnegie picked the title on purpose to get 'manipulators' to learn how to actually be good people. I was, and am, mostly on the side that argues that client-side javascript support can be assumed to such a degree that it can safely be considered requirement in a lot of cases. However, I do have some reservations of a more 'ideological' nature when it comes to requiring javascript when it isn't strictly necessary. I still believe one of the most powerful things about the web is the (relative) simplicity of the request/response server-side-rendering approach. There are so many ways in which a web page can be consumed (scraped, read-later-tools, etc.), within 'fair' boundaries of course. And this often falls apart because of client-side javascript. This is fine when it concerns a web-app that is specifically made for browsers (where ideally there's also a public-facing API). But for most other things it should not be necessary, and I believe it harms the possibilities of the open web. And quite often I find that it deceases the usability in general (back-button breakage, etc.). Of course, my ideal solution is both server- and client-side support, used appropriately, through something like React or PhantomJS. Indeed. Whether our mental 'modes' actually involve different sides of the brain doesn't seem relevant to the point that the articles is trying to make. Now whether we actually 'switch modes' or not would be relevant. I notice a difference. In fact, sometimes I get the feeling that I have more than just two 'modes'. For example: - bean-counting/organizing - writing/verbal - coding/logic - research/reading I sometimes have a day where I can be fully productive, but I simply cannot be motived to perform in some of the above modes... I wonder if there's solid science on this and if these really are different modes. That's interesting. Can you tell us why your company opted in? Does this argument apply to development tools in the browser, or do you think this is likely in the near future? As in, does it currently negatively affect performance or significantly impact the size of the browser (honest question)? With an increase of client-side apps combined with server api's this is less the case, though, isn't it? I can imagine quite a few 'web apps' that won't try to actively obfuscate how their client app operates. In those cases having browser-based development tools makes it much easier to tinker with and inspect the app... That's a solid point, assuming that it actually does create bloat (which I don't know much about, I admit). Could another advantage of coupling browsers with development tools be that it makes it logistically easier to maintain 'parity' between the browser and its development tools? Or is that not how these things are done? Edit: I see my question has been addressed elsewhere ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7933515 ) I'm in the 'funemplyment' situation since december (with little bits of work here and there). After a good two to three months of terrifying nothingness I started noticing new desires and goals, many of them completely different from the 'bucket list' of should-do's I had accumulated over the previous post-college years of working as a freelancer (and consuming massive amounts of Hacker News). I think if I had started working on my should-do's right away, I would've remained stuck in this Hacker News fueled desire to write an app, start a company, learn a new programming language, attend meetups, or 'hack my hourly rate'. And if I had traveled, I would've done so not to find solitude or adventure for the sake of it, but rather so I could tinker on some project or connect with 'interesting' people. Now, I'm not arguing that these are bad goals. It's quite possible I will do these things too. But I'm very happy that I chose to 'do nothing' for a while, as it awakened old goals and desires that I had completely forgotten about since I started working. > For some people, keeping their minds busy and dreaming is their "junk tv" - often in the form of work. I'm not sure if you're using the 'junk tv' analogy as an explanation or self-criticism (or something else), but it seems to me like 'junk tv' is a good analogy to explain why even for self-challenging individuals it might be good to not do this for a while, in the same way that not watching junk tv, or spending some time in silence might be worthwhile for over-consuming or overly chatty individuals. Interesting, I never though the term 'funemployment' would bother others, and in fact I liked the term because I figured it actually helped in distinguishing voluntary unemployment from the less pleasant version. Do you know this is the case, or are you speculating how people might feel? I'd like to know, because In the former case I'll be more careful with the term, as I have a number of involuntarily unemployed friends and I don't want to make them feel worse than already do (some of them, anyways). What helped me make the switch was to move to a different city (and country, technically). That might not be an option for you, but if it is you might want to try that. You might even be able to stretch out your 'funemployment' over a longer period if you go to a cheap city, if find that you like it, of course! Over time I've started to frame my current phase of 'funemployment' as I a form of hitchhiking; I do set goals, but I try to make sure they're relatively meaningless. Along the way, better goals often present themselves. With hitchhiking I did this by picking a random city to hitchhike toward. On the one hand, having these goals during my funemployment keep me from the utterly depressing and maddening nothingness I've experienced when I left things completely open (I have a personal post titled 'Why do I get up in the morning?' from such a period that hurts to read). On the other hand, it keeps me from pursuing, as others here have pointed out, the should-do goals that are really mostly left-overs from my hard-work-to-succeed days. I feel now that these goals were not as essential to my short- or long-term happiness as I thought initially. Perhaps others are better at this, though. My brain just seems to implode or create problems for the sake of it when it is not almost obsessively occupied with something, however pointless it may be, and I've been this way since I was a child. It's possible I have ADHD or some form of OCD. Is it not plausible that an AI modeled after humans is also likely to have human-like flaws such as the desire to conquer? The better we get at creating complex, human-like AI, the bigger the likelihood of unintended side-effects (leaving aside whether this is feasible in the first place, of course). > I like the part about producing outcomes that can't readily be ascribed to individual moral choices. It seems this describes human culture in general. So here we all are. Semi-autonomous little components of the larger algorithm called "civilization" which we cannot truly hope to transcend. Wow! That's a nice paragraph that highlights very accurately why many of us feel 'alienated' in our society. In other cultures and times one might not even consider this description and instead describe us as useful organs in a greater body, or valuable organisms in a greater ecosystem. Which 'feels' very different. I'm not sure if it's faulty reason, but maybe I'm reading it wrong. It seems to me he's asking the equivalent of "what value do chefs have nowadays in the area of food preparation," which is a fair question independent of whether many people cook, and independent of whether cooks have in the past been immensely useful. One answer I can think of is that keeping the 'profession' of philosophy alive encourages non-philosophers to ask important questions too, and even if it's nothing more than that, that might be good enough. That said, while I think the profession of philosophy is much more than just that, I would also like to hear some answers to his (or otherwise just my) question. For me it's more than just the sentence that I miss reading. I miss the context of the entire paragraph and, to a lesser degree, being able to see the preceding and following paragraphs. I recently rediscovered the joy of reading longer pieces that take their sweet time to build up to a point, or to explain something complex. These texts are generally both longer and denser than, say, blog posts, and while paragraphs don't always require repeated reading, I usually find myself skipping back and forth between them to get a good mental image of the way they relate to each other. I think tools such as this might be useful for reading relatively simple texts (blog posts, biographies, certain novels), but if anything I want to do less of that in the first place. I'm still surprised to discover how many of my friends and acquaintances have a negative view of facebook. Many of them are not very critical of things (and care little about their privacy, for example). The sentiment is generally something like 'I use facebook because it is too inconvenient not to, but I don't like it', which is a far cry from the initial 'facebook is this cool new thing that I wish more of my friends would use instead of '. In that light it makes sense for facebook to acquire up-and-coming business that compete with them, directly or indirectly, and I imagine there are quite a few people at the company who worry about this situation. And in that light it is especially strange for facebook to release a study like this. What did they think would happen? There have been quite a few instances over the past months (or years) that really made me wonder whether facebook's biggest problem, as a company, is that they're stuck in a bubble. A newsfeed that seems to be made for specific types of users, privacy kerfuffles, apps that don't seem to take off, and so on. 'Dogfooding' is generally a smart approach, but it doesn't seem like the optimal approach when your product relies on the whole world for its success... What does your startup do, if I may ask? I've been having trouble expressing the seemingly paradoxical nature of many people in my (our?) field being both 'abstract' but also extremely 'concrete/literal' in their behavior (especially socially). It seems that many people I meet with occupations that involve a lot of abstraction (like programming) also have a tendency to try and abstract things that they perhaps should not. Conversation, discussion, etiquette, and so on, tend to suffer when too much generalization (or 'control) is applied to them in an effort to abstract them. That still doesn't really explain this phenomenon though. One could argue that it's quite possible to 'abstract' the social world: "being correct is often not the point of an interaction", "listening is valuable in itself, even if the subject matter is not always fascinating", and "imagine yourself in the position of the person you're talking to" are all simple rules that I see many people break. Perhaps it's to do with the context where such an abstraction is applied. Especially in the IT world we spend a lot of time being able to think about abstractions, whereas in a social setting we might have to internalize these abstractions more. Theoretically, yes, but sadly the reality isn't quite like that. Passion/desire often trumps doctrine, and doing something that one thinks one shouldn't do can have all sorts of nasty consequences, ranging from teen pregnancy to untreated STD's. Having been an Evangelical Christian and 'assistant teen pastor' in a previous life, I've seen this in action in many different areas of life. People constantly did things they believed were wrong, and the combination of not being prepared or informed about those things and feeling ashamed about it afterwards led to a lot of suffering. I grew up in a rather unusual environment where there was a high level of structure, a clear 'purpose' to life, and a safe, understandable environment to learn in. I did not really experience adolescence until well into my twenties when I had moved back into a more standard Western-European way of life. In my attempts to deal with that I found a support group of people coming from similar backgrounds, and regardless of their personality they largely had a similar experience. Anecdotally that at least seems to support your theory. Would finding non-profits or some form of crowd-funding be an option? maybe not so much 'least interesting' as 'not the right moment'. It's kind of like bringing up that one should avoid dangerous neighborhoods right when someone got mugged and killed. It's a valid point, and it doesn't mean you're blaming the victim, but it's perhaps not the best time bring it up, and people might easily misconstrue what you're saying. Plus, I've noticed that with some people, their great knowledge and/or intelligence concerning a particular issue, combined with confidence (and maybe a dash of social 'deafness'), can come across as arrogance. Sometimes it took a while to figure out that they were open to correction, and hella smart. I would've missed out on their insight had I applied a heuristic as simple as "arrogant people aren't smart". I am absolutely terrible at noticing when I rationalize things in this way, and I think a big cause of it is that I spend most of my day stuck in a world of ideas and abstractions that keep me from even feeling hunger sometimes. Working on balancing that out is what I consider one of my primary challenges as I enter my thirties. I hear meditation can help, but does anyone here have any other tips? I use hckrnews.com, which is a much more convenient version for me. I even wrote a bookmarklet so I can use it on my iPad while the links still point to hn.algolia.com (which is my preferred tablet experience). Yeah, I've started using the 'load on demand' approach by default, unless the images are important. It can drastically improve load speed in a very simple way. My assumption (perhaps wrong) was not so much that false allegations are fantastically rare, but rather that unreported and/or dismissed cases of rape are shockingly common, and that therefore giving the benefit of the doubt to the 'claimant'(?), at least when the facts are unclear, is a good approach. That said, I'm generally hesitant to express myself based on those assumptions, but I still question them (and those of others). Do you have any links/research that shows that false allegations are 'fantastically uncommon'? Because I've heard too many accounts of people claiming false allegation to just assume you're right. There are probably jQuery plugins for 'lazy loading' images, but if you're familiar with javascript, and especially if you're using jQuery too, it's not too difficult to write a bit of code that takes care of this. The nice thing is that you can then combine this with responsive image loading (i.e. big images for desktop, small for mobile). I've agonized over the different solutions and concluded that, in most cases, a js-based solution to the image loading problem is the best (although I'm open to other opinions!). What it boils down to is this: - use markup that are either just divs with data-attributes, or image tags with the low-res images (if images are important for SEO or whatnot). - detect the device type or screen size - use javascript to calculate if the element is in view (usually calculating the image's offset from the top of the page is enough, since most sites are, uh, vertically-inclined) - load the appropriate image from the data-attribute with javascript if the image is visible. If you use placeholder images initially, I've noticed that the effect can actually look better than just showing the images right away. There's something about the images popping into view that makes the page feel more alive. For specific resources, I'd search 'check if image is visible' (with or without jQuery). You'll probably find some plugins or some code that might show how to do this. Feel free to approach me if you can't work it out. Great to hear that you've found meaning after such a terrible situation! I've also found that the interaction of operational planning and setting longer-term goals have really helped me get out of the different lows of my life. I can strongly recommend it to anyone who is having trouble with life. That said, I suspect I'd have gotten out of my situations much quicker had I sought help. Talking to a professional who gets paid to be a good listener (and to give some direction) can be very valuable, even if just to get going. It's like seeing a personal trainer to help you get from couch potato to healthy person! One of the best examples of a 'skunkworks' project I can think of is the original Xbox and Xbox Live team ( http://www.polygon.com/features/2013/11/11/4849940/xbox-live... ). The article describes quite well how successful this approach can be if you do it right. A company like Microsoft has such a massive amount of talent and resources, that even allowing a sliver of that to work on a project in isolation and freedom can lead to huge success. I've personally experienced a 'startup in a big company' situation, and that also seemed to work quite well at first. Sadly, the whole thing fell apart once the big company started trying to take control back. In fact, I think the resulting situation was worse than if the 'startup' had never had a taste of independence. > That bothered me, but I didn’t have the space to tell the whole story in the magazine. It seems like the reporter was aware that something was off, but only discovered the new details through Munoz (who might not be entirely objective as a source either?). I can't tell whether it was shoddy journalism or just something that, at the point of the first article, wasn't too relevant. Either way it reminds me once again of how factually incorrect many articles I read might actually be. The article doesn't really highlight the full extent of his messages and behavior though! While it's likely that Mateen's conduct was influenced for the worse by their relationship and break-up(s), it went pretty far into 'misogyny' terrority, and can't really be justified. I mean, I've said some nasty things in the heat of the moment through and after a break-up, but nothing like that. That said, I agree the author could've done better. I was very confused by the introduction of 'Munoz' without describing who he was, for example. I get the impression the article was written in haste for maximum 'relevancy'. While it's possible that you got downvoted for having a point of view that others disagree with, I like to think that you're downvoted mainly for bringing this up at exactly the wrong time. Imagine you wanted to discuss, as objectively as possible, the role of clothing in relation to sexuality, and the different perspectives people have on that. It's quite possible that people would not downvote you for expressing that you think that, generally speaking, there's something to be said for modesty in clothing (unless of course it'd be just about women dressing down). Even if they disagreed. But imagine posting that opinion in the context of a post on rape and sexual abuse. It would immediately be linked to the surprisingly and unfortunately wide-spread view that 'those women were asking for it by dressing like a slut'. Regardless of whether your points have merit or should be accepted, the context makes it unacceptable and, quite frankly, a bit suspect. That's great news for vendors and consultants who jump on the bandwagon though :). I would love to switch from Sublime Text to Atom, but the two main things holding me back are the noticeable performance issues (compared to ST), and vim keybindings. ST's vim support is good enough for me, and when I need more I'll just switch to Vim for those things. But Atom unfortunately is still too limited, although it's good to see progress. Happy to see the performance issues being worked on, though, and as a big fan of React, I'm happy with their choice. Maybe your startup is on the 'good' side of advertising, but is it really so unreasonable to state that advertising, in the vast majority of cases, is manipulative and dishonest? (whether that's by definition a bad thing is another issue, though) I've been working with CSS for a few years now, and I've read up on a lot of the intricacies, and I still find that I am constantly tweaking and searching for anything that I haven't previously solved (or that I solved a long time ago). And then when it works there's some browser that renders it a little bit differently. I don't have that problem with any other part of the stack I use for web development. If GSS doesn't touch the markup, I think it would. In some cases I've just given up and decided to use javascript to control the position and size of elements... I'm fascinated that some people here express having no trouble with CSS. I'm inclined to think it's either inexperience with more complex layout, and otherwise just a completely different approach to CSS. Could you perhaps show some examples of websites that you have built (or send me a message privately if you're not comfortable with that)? One explanation I can think of is that the more willing you are to stray from the 'separation of content from presentation' rule, the easier things are. Many of the CSS problems I run into would be much easier to solve if I could allow my markup to be informed by the styling, rather than the other way around. Another possibility is that some of the people who 'like' CSS are also the ones designing the site. They might design with their CSS knowledge as a basis. In contrast, many of us who struggle with CSS probably struggle more because 1) we try to keep the html 'pure', and 2) we are handed designs by others or don't let ourselves be constrained by our knowledge of CSS. Just some thoughts... I feel a growing sense that it's not so much a property of a 'normal democratic system' that minorities are protected, but rather that other processes enshrined these values (including democracy) in institutions. And while democracy does quite likely facilitate the institutionalization of these processes, it's 'causal' role in this is perhaps weaker than we think. This is the reason why I often worry about the growing xenophobia and populism in political activity. It seems much more the case that politicians sway popular opinion than the other way around, creating tempest in teapots, some of which become 'societal issues' that really aren't. It's also a reason why I've become curious (but still quite skeptical, I must admit) about these 'alternative' democratic approaches that don't assume voting (and by extension majority rule) to be the basis of democracy. That said, I might be saying colossally silly things here. I'm in an armchair. Please correct me, or point me to interesting resources, as I am very invested in this topic. > And yes, left-wing libertarians are not often encountered on tech boards in my experience. This fascinates me. It seems both very American and very 'techy' to be a right-wing libertarian (or is that the wrong term?). In many ways both views are very opposed, but there are striking similarities too (especially on a 'social' level, which interests me as a social scientist). It's like we're siblings: entirely different personalities that often clash, but a strong mutual understanding and similar 'values' through similar background/upbringing. With the disclaimer that I'm still very much investigating and that I might very well be wrong, it seems to me that the left wing tends to be more on the 'social' side of things, and more burdened/informed by the European past, and perhaps too theoretical and big in scope. The right wing seems to focus more on the individual side of things, is perhaps a little too uninformed by Europe's past (and the role of property in that), and sometimes seems a little too much like 'let's change everything without questioning our basic assumptions'. I find that the techier, more entrepreneurial side of myself is more attracted to the right-wing libertarian views that seems more optimistic, but that the social scientist side of me combined with a very communal, religious upbringing (in a 'socialist' country) is more attracted to the left-wing libertarian views that feel a little more pessimistic/cranky at times. Perhaps that is why HN seems to have more right-wing libertarians, whereas my intellectual and often decidedly anti-technology circles ar almost entirely left-wing libertarians (if they're libertarians to begin with). Some thoughts from my armchair... That's a great recommendation, actually. I'm still shocked and embarrassed at how I once lumped all forms of libertarianism into the 'primitivist anarchism' pile, only to discover that a lot of thought and practice has gone into the various libertarian systems. I assumed, for the longest time, that they were all basically people who couldn't make life work or were lazy, and decided to rationalize this as a choice. The weed-smoking, squatting type who badly needs a shower and a haircut, and secretly relies on others for money and a safety-net (mind, all of these things don't necessarily go together!). Ironically, I spent much of my life as a Christian battling stereotypes that were based on American right-wing evangelical extremism. I should've known better. Experiencing some of these 'libertarian' environments and reading some of the literature painted a much more nuanced picture, and enriched my views tremendously, even if just because the views were so radically different from what I was familiar with. At some point in my life I decided that it would be good to spend significant effort to learn about views that are alien to me. Because even if they don't make a convincing argument in the end, they make me question whatever system I have in my head, and I feel that that's always a good thing. Maybe most laws are not justified in light of libertianism(s) specifically, but I do find that a common theme in the justifications is that without these laws there will inevitably be chaos and humanity will implode. It's the basic 'think of the children' argument. So how do you handle the problem of someone acquiring so much land that this person can effectively control anyone who lives on his land (and basically form his own dictatorship, because he owns the best land)? Honest question. I used to think this, but I'm starting to question my assumptions. Saying that 'extreme left' theory has been shown unachievable is perhaps a bit too broad a statement. The left actually split over the very issue that then led to this 'failure', namely the idea that one can impose one's left-wing ideals through violent revolution. A significant portion of the 'left' believed that (violently) removing a system through revolution would leave a vacuum that would be quickly filled by a system similar to the one removed, instead of whatever utopian ideal that led to this revolution. That seems to have been correct. Furthermore, this group argues that one inherent problem of the 'left' that won (and then 'failed') was that they were too focused on economic equality, and, in a way, tried to implement a left-wing ideology on an incompatible foundation. I might have gotten some (or much) of this wrong though. My apologies if that's the case. My point is merely that they'd argue that it's primarily a particular strain of 'left-wing' though (state socialism) that failed, and that left-wing libertarianism is equally untried as right-wing libertarianism (well, they'd argue it's been successfully tried but destroyed by outside forces). And there are some important differences between the two strains of libertarianism. I see memorizing the times table as a form of caching. I use it so frequently and it's so 'cheap' to keep this information in my head that any kind of calculation just isn't worth it. Plus, it's pretty easy to combine this information to multiply above 12. In my case 6x8 is exactly the one I have trouble with. 7x8 is easy for me because in dutch it's pronounced as 'seven times eight is six five' (as we say six and fifty, like the germans). So it's basically just sequential numbers. But for some reason, in my late twenties, I still go 'six times eight is five times eight is forty plus eight is forty-eight'. Every time! I sometimes put on music I don't really like anymore, just for some late-teen memories, both good and bad. I find it's very therapeutic. The comparison to color and taste describe what music is to me. Most of the time I don't care too much about what I eat, as long as it's decently tasty. I rarely cook, and often consider eating a bit of a nuisance. Most of the time I don't go out to see a sunset or notice the colors around me. I don't even bother walking around in the big forest right next to my house. In fact, I sometimes find it a nuisance to leave the house to do what I need to do. And yet, when I do occasionally feel like eating something I really like, I bother to cook and savor it. And sometimes I get up extra early to ride my bike to the nearby lake and watch the sunrise. Music's the same for me. I usually put on music that is easy listening while I work, or music that is by now so familiar to me that I know every little detail. Or I go without music an entire day. But then sometimes I put on something meaningful, and I can spent a decent chunk of time just listening and letting my thoughts drift away. > Hum, so his friends are extremely limited in their ability to understand anything not desperately mainstream. That's more or less the definition of limited cultural openness and poor taste for me. Or the setting was just not right for putting on something new and unfamiliar. Music can serve many purposes, and easy listening or the communal knowledge of music can be very important. 'Driving along and yukking it up' might not be the right time to put on something that is unfamiliar, and result in a group rejection (and some gentle ribbing), in the same way that meeting with a bunch of friends on a friday night and putting on some weird art-house flick is likely to result in derision. It doesn't necessarily mean that these friends are not open to new stuff though. Could just be group dynamics. That's the closest thing I found to using the Hacker News Enhancement Suite on my mobile and tablet. In fact, I liked it so much that I wrote a little bookmarklet that changes hckrnews.com comment and article links to point to hn.premii.com. One thought that soothes me a bit when I think about my future as a (relatively young) web developer is to remember that there is currently plenty of demand for 'greybeards' in companies that use older technologies or companies (even some startups?) that understand the value of developers with a lot of experience, or a particular skill-set. I fully expect that especially the latter will be realized by more and more (web) companies by the time I'm an old-timer. That said, I do understand it might be a little bit harder to find the kind of work/location situation I want. But considering that right now I have ridiculous freedom of choice in that regard, I can accept the idea that this might not last forever. I think the difference is not just that these are languages rather than frameworks, but also that each of these teach you different skills and approaches by their nature (that aren't 'new', so clearly have a stood the test of time). I find that an important question to ask when it comes to these discussions is whether the goal is to be pragmatic toward reaching a specific goal or to be 'correct'. Another important question is asking yourself to what extent one can achieve both, as that would be preferable. I haven't spent a lot of time thinking about this, so I could be very wrong. However, I'm inclined to think that if the goal is to get more (young) women to work in tech, making things more 'girly' might not be a bad idea. Ideally this would not be necessary, and I don't consider the approach 'correct', but as one of the possible approaches it might be the most pragmatic. And there could be plenty of initiatives in parallel that take a more correct or ideological approach. This reminds me a bit of a workshop I heard about from a friend. It was a whiskey and wool event where participants would do whiskey tasting (with a Scottish-looking man guiding them), but also learn how to knit. The goal was specifically to get guys to try knitting, and it was very effective. These kinds of things can be fine, in my opinion, as long as they're not the only options. Then again, I'm not a woman, so I don't know if perhaps it's more offensive than it seems to me. Ha, I do pretty much the same! After a lot of tinkering I settled on switching between two 'modes' that in combination make me feel good not just about my days, but also about my weeks and months (not sure about years yet - we'll see!). Took me a while to get there. One mode is the 'many tabs open, free association' mode. It's the time when I print articles that I want to annotate on any one of the many (disparate) topics that I am deeply interested in. It's the time when I read a book, go to specific or general events. It's the time where I read tons of articles that tickle my fancy (and that's a lot, and not all useful). I've organically developed a process for filtering this overload of information. Much of it goes into an 'information gathering' program, some of it I process manually, and some of it I hang on walls or leave, printed out, around the house, and might percolate in some central document or database. I call this my 'information gathering' mode. The other mode consists of working and obsessively tinkering with something. Often this is a framework, particular script or little app. It's a lot of coding, reading and 'comprehending' to the point mild headaches, late nights, lots of coffee, and forgetfulness (no leaving the house, or no shaving, sometimes). A few weeks, for example, I simultaneously dove into Koa.js (without even being very well versed in node.js), React.js, and agonized over the ideal server-side/client-size approach for React. I also tried a bunch of other 'reactive' approaches and somehow found myself reading up on Haskell beyond the random HN article I would find. I call this my 'obsessive tinkering' mode, although tinkering doesn't always do it justice. It's always immensely useful, even if I never use whatever stack/framework/language/topic I dive into. I find that over time I tend to be in one mode predominantly, and switch to the other mode intermittently. If I ever get stuck in one mode, bad things eventually happen. In a way I try to model myself after the (possibly highly romanticized) image of the 'renaissance man' who seems to just have a great amount of curiosity and knowledge, and then translates this to obsessive projects, and occasionally applies this just to make money. This approach seems workable, for now, in this tech world I inhabit, and I've never been so happy (but YMMV). I can also recommend the OneTab plugin! I currently use Instapaper for longer articles and stuff I 'must' read, Pocket for more whimsical stuff or resources and things I can safely never read, and OneTab as a 'temporary storage' for everything that doesn't quite fit these other two categories. Yeah, that one unfortunately was the dealbreaker for me. But other than that there's decent basic support. It might actually be a legal issue too. At least here in Holland there are strict rules as to the naming of product. That's why we call peanut butter 'pindakaas', for example, which means 'peanut cheese'; producers were not allowed to use 'butter' in the name if the product did not contain actual butter. I don't know if it's the same in the USA, but I met quite a few homeless people here that avoid shelters when they can out of fear of being mugged, robbed, or stabbed. That said, their fear might not be justified. I also suppose it can be depressing to be in shelters. And difficult if you're an introvert. I'm not sure if that in itself is a politically incorrect opinion. The link between success and impulse control is, as far as I know, pretty well established and agreed upon. It's the conclusion that you draw from this that matters. Is poor decision making and low impulse control also just a consequence of poverty, of being born in an environment that does not nurture these skills? Or does the buck stop there and do these poor people only have themselves to blame? The same applies to addiction, whether to a particular substance or obesity-related. It was only when I spent some time in Texas that I realized how much harder it is to eat well and exercise compared to my life in Amsterdam! Or religion. Having experienced both a very religious life, and a very 'secular' life, the one thing it taught me is how little, in the end, my behavior and beliefs were shaped by my 'individual' thoughts and decisions. Very humbling. I tend to be on the no-blame side on these issues, as I strongly believe we're much less 'individuals' than we think, and much more a product of our upbringing and our path in life, which is to a large degree out of our hand. The ability to make choices is, in itself, largely not a choice. I hold that position because I've seen and experienced how fragile and context-dependent people are, and because there are volumes of research that support this. I also believe it is, regardless of the facts, a more optimistic, constructive, and humble approach to life. It reminds me am not the product of (just) my own willpower and craftiness; I am the product of nurturing parents, a good education, a relatively stable upbringing, and inspiring, like-minded friends and acquaintances. > People may not be homo economicus, but in general I believe them to be mostly rational actors who know what their own best interest is. Could you provide some more thoughts on this (or supporting research)? I'm truly curious, because to me it seems so... alien to be able to hold such a view in light of reality, and I'd like to assume you've thought this through. What I mean is, my experience (and knowledge) overwhelmingly support the idea that humans are largely not rational actors, and in fact the degree to which one is a 'rational' actor is mostly a result of an upbringing that emphasizes this. I do pretty well in life, and I consider myself far from rational. But to get where I am, I see it as essential that I had wonderful parents, a safe environment to experiment and explore in, the ability to conform to common norms (hell, to even be aware of them), the ability to keep my impulses from controlling me too much, and the friends I found largely through college who can help me when I make my less rational choices or when I am in my less rational 'moods'. I also had parents who were raised with a good sense of health and the time to think and read about this. I guess fundamentally I don't see why you would separate 'drugged up' parents from the rest of them, when in reality there's a continuum of 'fucked up' along which lives are lived and in which lives are created. Parents who were not raised to eat well or exercise are likely to not raise their children to eat well or exercise. To use an extreme example that I think applies to varying to degrees to all of us: if humans were rational beings, we wouldn't have children of alcoholics become alcoholics and subject their own kids to the suffering they themselves suffered through! Either that, or those children-of-alcoholics are just assholes. And I find that hard to believe. Furthermore, it's a pretty serious judgment to make, which I'd say requires a lot of supporting evidence. > My advice? Pick another country that uses English as their primary language While that's definitely easier, and not a bad idea especially if this is your first experience as an expat, going to a country where the main language is not English can be very educational. Furthermore, if you do it right your kids could end up fluent in two languages, which is very, very useful for them down the road! (ideally most people in this country will be proficient in English though) > If I have learned anything in life, it is that people are primarily self-interested. I don't think people are, but even if they are, they are still irrational. There are many people who sign up to join the army or a rebel force for reason that don't really make a lot of sense to many of us. Why would you volunteer to likely die? There are people who 'voluntarily' join churches or cults that heavily restrict their freedom. There are many young people who live in ghettos who are likely to die young if they stay, and have the opportunity to leave for a better situation (comparatively), and yet stay anyways. There are people who spend their lives working hard on their career at the expense of their family and friendships, something that few people would consider in the best interest of the self. If I have learned anything in life, it's that people usually don't really know what's in their best interest, and the best we can hope for is that whatever surroundings and values we grow up in and conform to to are ones that benefit us. And that's even assuming that our self-interest is our primary motivator, which is not very likely. > I just finished reading a brief history of the cooperative movement in the UK. I'd love to read this. Can you point me in the right direction? Thanks! I thought I'd have to go find a book in one of those book-buildings. Much appreciated! I've found that the main reason why so many of these articles and books don't have an effect on my life is that I read them and then forget to apply what they suggest. Sure, it's possible that many of them suggest approaches to 'happiness' that do not apply to me, but I really don't know because I never took the time to actually spend, say, 30 days committing to their advice. And my impression is that this seems to be the case for most people who bother with 'self-improvement'. (That said, I'm not disagreeing with you. Finding what makes specifically you happy is important.) CouchSurfing would be a better example of 'sharing economy'... Interesting. Highlighting the vast amount of valuable archives was one of the conclusions The NYT had in their plans for the future. True, but in my experience many people keep up the weekend binges well into adulthood, and for some it progresses to (more) serious forms of alcohol dependence. I think an article like this might do a lot of good precisely by understating this binging behavior, as it emphasizes the benefits of not binging without focusing too much on how bad binge-drinking is. I'd say extremism when it comes to being healthy is, by definition, healthy. Don't get me wrong: I drink socially and I'm fine with the occasional 'all-out' experiences, both for myself and others. Even if it is unhealthy. But quitting alcohol entirely, aside from being a life-saving practice for some people, is in no way 'unhealthy'. So even if it is extreme (which I disagree with, many people don't drink at all), why would one consider this unhealthy? It's not like he's going for an extreme carrots-only diet or something. Agreed, but spiritual gatherings are often centered around questions or issues that are important, fundamental, and/or relevant to daily life. That's something you generally don't have as much with other types of communal activities, and it's something that, in my experience, creates tight communities much faster, and bonds that often go deeper. It's like friendships. There's a gradual strengthening over time, but usually the big 'jumps' are caused by personal or interpersonal crises; moment of vulnerability. "In the spirit of keeping this in good taste, i'll try to phrase this nicely" creates the impression that you would really rather say something nasty, because that would be the correct thing, but instead you don't do this to be 'nice'. Basically, your original sentence, to a 'native' speaker, comes across as the opposite: "TIOBE index is really bad and I'd like to chastise you for bringing it up." If you truly don't mean to be snarky, a better approach might be: "from what I can tell (implying that you are not certain) the TIOBE index is not a good measure. Here's why I think this is the case:" > But isn't it better to be weird than to be boring? That depends on your objectives, but if the goal is to make or have friends that you like to be around, I'd agree. I'm not very weird, but I have become rather more openly myself, which I'd say by definition makes me seem a bit weird at times. The result has been that most of my friends are also a little weird, or enjoy me being myself. However, I'd argue that this only works if you're honestly weird. Just yourself, really. Being quirky to mask insecurity or a boring life can often come across as annoying and fake. If your goal is to not be lonely, and not in the first place to 'be yourself' as well, I'd say a much more effective approach is to become a good listener. Everyone likes good listeners, and it's a (relatively) easy thing to learn. In my more lonely and insecure periods of life I often just asked questions and listened, and after doing just that for an entire conversation, people would often remark how wonderful the conversation was. Obviously this is not ideal in the long run, as it can be quite tedious and annoying to just listen to others, but as a basis for forming connections it's very effective. > I'm just flat out socially retarded, and desperately lonely. That sucks, and I've been there. I still find myself weird and strange, and there are still many times where I feel like the odd person in the group. Yet I've managed to somehow gather a pretty sizable collection of weirdly honest people that range from acquaintances to good friends. I don't know if I can give you good suggestions, but I do know that for me this process has been quite 'conscious' and deliberate. If you'd like to talk about this sometime, let me know! I'd be happy to chat (and/or meet in person if you happen to be nearby). Loneliness is the worst! > For most people who aren't social butterflies, conversations are either simple social gestures or they actually have a point. I think that's only partly true. In my life I've gone from extremely shy, 'introverted' and lonely to socially active and 'extraverted'. Both were not optimal and thankfully I think I've found a balance that works for me. An important part of finding that balance was to accept that for a lot of my friends, especially the extraverts, 'simple social gestures' and small-talk type conversations do have a point. They need those. And I'd be a bad friend if I didn't learn to do that occasionally, in the same way that they'd be bad friends if they wouldn't let me monologue about some subject I just spent a week reading about in isolation (where 'bad' means partly 'not a nice person', and partly 'just not a great match as friends). I agree with the both of you! I prefer reading on my iPad, but I was often annoyed at how annotations were either stuck on the thing, or harder to make. GoodReader (iOS) is decent for making and syncing pdf annotations. It's still not as easy as a laptop, but sometimes the benefit of reading on an iPad is worth it for me. For epub files, however , I almost always exclusively use my iPad. There's an app called Marvin that allows you to instantly select (or select + highlight) a sentence, and grow the selection with one tap. I find that almost more convenient than my laptop. It also syncs with Calibre, although that can take a bit of work to set up properly. It's also partly convenience. iPads are seen as 'good' (whether justifiably so or not), and rather than pore over the specs and weigh the pros and cons, many will just get an Apple device and be done with it, if the budget allows for this. I actually switched to Apple a few years ago for precisely that reason. I used to have a desktop pc that I manually updated, but I found that it took too much time. I then switched to a Dell laptop that was pretty decent. But finding the right model took a while. When I finally got annoyed at reinstalling windows every year (or so) and when I needed a new laptop anyways, rather than doing all the research again, I just went for a MacBook. The convenience was a major factor in this decision, and after spending a week or two getting used to 'this weird operating system', I've been happy with Macs ever since, despite the fact that I might be able to get cheaper/better with a bit more work. I guess in a roundabout way status did play a role ('apple just works'). I feel more productive in coffee shops, but I think a crucial difference between a coffee shop and an open office is that in a coffee shop you are less likely to be interrupted. I suspect whether one can work better with some background 'noise' (sounds and sights) is partly a personality characteristic, but that interruptions are universally disastrous when one tries to be productive. That's interesting, and it affects how I see the f2p industry. I was never a big fan, but I figured it was fair 'enough' and ultimately acceptable practice to give people a taste and charge them for more. But if it turns out there's a really small subset of people that spend a lot, too much probably, then it's quite possible that this business model relies, preys even, on people who have an addiction or similar problem. With some exceptions, probably, like pay-per-episode games. Plus, for some people, Depression/Lack of interest can be an underlying cause for spending too much time on sites like HN. Ractive.js is nice too. I can't answer for the OP, but from my experience what makes React so good is that it drastically simplifies the whole 'situation' to the point that many of the features of heavier frameworks are just not necessary anymore. It's not just a view layer (although I can be just that); it's a different approach to the concept of a web app. In my opinion the approach that React takes (as well as its siblings like Mithril and Ractive) will eventually be the default approach, even for the bigger frameworks (new or 'refactored'). At least for me your message is very valuable, because the recognition in everything you say makes me feel less alone, or weird for that matter. I quit my job just short of a year ago and took some time off. To some extent, it was helpful, because leading up to my quitting I noticed that I found it harder and harder to deal with even simple dilemma's or interpersonal issues. I felt myself steadily getting weaker, less resilient, and more isolated. Leaning into that isolation, at first, helped. Having saved up some money I also didn't have to worry about, well, anything basically. But at least in my case I feel I let it last a bit too long. The lack or purpose, even a 'stupid' purpose like showing up for a job I hated, ultimately made me feel terrified and the resulting existential 'depression' was possibly worse than barely-managed lifestyle I had before. For the past few months I've started engaging again. I try not to ask myself too often what the 'point' is, but rather I try to dip my toes into different things, in the hope that I can find something that pulls me in so much that I stop dwelling on myself and 'big questions'. I'm also considering a psychologist, even though for now I think I'm in an upward trajectory. In the end, I've come to the (tentative) conclusion that my problem is not that I cannot find meaning, purpose, fulfillment or, well, happiness. Because in the end I believe nothing 'really' matters in some objective sense. And if I believe nothing matters, why would it surprise me that I cannot find something meaningful? But that's not the issue at all. No matter how meaningless we think life might be, I've rarely met someone who truly feels that way too. We generally don't live with full awareness of our rational beliefs. And I myself too have gotten caught up in things that, until I reflect too much, feel intensely meaningful. Rather, my problem, or at least one of my problems, is that my inability to handle the day to day realities and my attempts to 'fit in' (even while openly rejecting 'normalcy') have kept me from losing myself in whatever 'game' is challenging and fulfilling enough to not feel like a pointless game. As a result, not only am I stuck in a perpetual state of 'this is not meaningful, I need to reassess/fix/change/improve', and simultaneously a tremendous lack of experience with the mind-boggling variety of life games there are to play. In fact, maybe an even bigger problem is that I have the arrogance to think that there is no game that can fool me. I've found a lot of help in being around people who do not suffer from all that introspection. They seem to just randomly try things first, and only then concoct a story and meaning around it. And partly as a result of living in this way for a long time, they have actually figured out a lot of what makes them tick, and they found that 'game' that challenges them just enough to make them feel purposeful, but not so much that it overwhelms them. And sometimes I think one good solution is to do more of that. It's like I've gone through much of life trying to find that right partner without actually trying out relationships. The result is that I have spared myself the trouble (mostly) of broken hearts, mistakes, and terrible breakups, but I've also kept myself from actually figuring out what kind of relationship fulfills me. Because you can't really figure these things out without doing them. I suppose mostly I'm just expressing my own process/issue in the hopes it helps someone feel less alone in their struggle. I don't think any of what I'm doing is necessarily a good prescription to anyone else. Ultimately I find that at least one things that drags me out of depression is to focus on the trouble of others, or to swap stories. It doesn't solve things long-term, but I think it helps. The only thing I find worse than depression is feeling alone. Yes! it's a very easy trap to focus on the 'big things' when you're unhappy or depressed, while often the solution lies in simple things like diet, exercise, and general lifestyle. Sometimes I think our brains actively keep us from realizing this, because they want to stay in charge. So we find solutions in more abstract, mental things, where sometimes the first (and sometimes the only really necessary step) is to start taking care of the whole of us. I wondered about that too, but after hearing a talk by one of the lead tech dudes involved with The Guardian and the like, and after seeing some of the 'frameworks' that are popping up specifically for this purpose (Ractive.js comes to mind), I think that even after an initial 'slump', we'll start seeing more and more of this kind of stuff. In fact, I'm betting on it by trying to find a market for being the creator of things like this. I haven't gotten started yet, but it's at the top of my 'business opportunities' list. I think I mostly just need to find someone who is good at visualizing data, or dive into that myself. The critical period is until around the age of seven, right? The reason I'm asking is that I started speaking/reading a lot of English from the age of 8 on, and as far as I can tell I'm bilingual. Could you explain why that would not be the case, or how that's possible? One explanation could be that people are lazy and will generally opt for the conveniences a car if the perceived disadvantages are relatively small. I and many people I know probably would consider a car if we lived in a city optimized for that. Instead, because the city is optimized for cycling and public transport, I live in a culture where taking even public transport is frowned upon if the bicycle commute is I think this argument applies to many things. In the city where I live, Amsterdam, there's (almost) always a supermarket at walking distance (or a 5-10 min. bike ride). In fact, this is true for the whole country, as far as I know. 'Hypermarkets' like wal-mart or Carrefoure never really took off. The reason for this is partly culture, but largely it's because of regulation that protects smaller shops. Most people consider it a very good thing that we can walk to the supermarket and that we are, in effect, 'forced' to have a healthy lifestyle and culture. Anyways, I just wanted to share how the fact that streets will fill up and hypermarkets will most likely be successful doesn't mean that this is a good thing, or that it's in our best interest. On a small scale I do think we have been developing new ways of expressing and communicating though. Smileys to me are a good example of this, but you can even include the 'x is typing a message' and 'read at '. While there is no universal consensus on what exactly this kind of 'information' means, within specific groups (and ages) they can convey a lot. I've been chatting since I was fifteen or so, and to me and many people I chat with, a particular smiley, or the 'is typing' message can have a lot of meaning. I even find myself actively 'manipulating' this information at times: I might intentional start and stop typing at times as an analogue to the face-to-face act of saying 'hmm', looking away thoughtfully and not answering immediately. I suspect all this meaning encoded in non-text things (practically speaking) is even more common among younger people. Perhaps Reflux is better for your purposes? https://github.com/spoike/refluxjs I used to be into 'modding' when I was sixteen, and the project I worked on turned out quite successful. In fact, some of the core team went on to work for Valve based on this (and later) mods. Looking back, I suppose it was a bit odd that there was a group of people, most of them quite a bit older than me, who spent large amounts of time working on this project. From the bits and pieces of personal information that I gathered about my team members, many of them, including the team leader, had 'proper jobs'. One of them actually worked as a lead level designer on a triple-A game. I got the impression that they spent all this time on the modification because they loved building games, they loved not being constrained by budgets or non-passion related factors, they wanted to build up a portfolio to find a way into the gaming industry, or 'all of the above'. And it worked for some of them. I'm not sure if this is the case for a majority of 'modders', but I suspect the reasons I mentioned are quite common. If you love developing things, a game is a really great thing to build. It's, ultimately, purely about fun and joy. It doesn't have to be useful. That might be enough for those who work on (boring) useful stuff during the day. Same here. After taking a detour in my college years I ended up doing web development, but I still miss designing, building and balancing levels and seeing tons of people enjoying the results of my labor! Might get back into it... > Some people say SGI didn't see it coming - I think what was interesting was that they did see it coming but still structural issues prevented the taking of any effective action (for example salesforce commissions continued to encourage sales of large systems rather than the low end machines they really needed to push at the point.) It's interesting how knowledge of a (potential) problem often does not protect against that problem. As a psychologist it's one of my biggest fascinations: how people who work with addicts can become addicts themselves, how people who know of the 'evils' of racism are still susceptible to it, or how people who are professional psychologists do not deal with their own issues. Interesting. Perhaps this is why I Apple appears to be focusing even more than previously on being a high-end consumer product company more than relying on its vertical integration and solid hardware. There might not be room for an SGI in a world of rapidly improving, cheap, low-end technology, but there might always remain a place for a 'BMW/Porsche' company. One solution would be to show the 'sidebar' at the top of whichever reddit you're browsing. Of course, considering the size of some sidebars, this might necessitate a 'sidebar' targeted specifically at Alien Blue users (which is now quite feasibly, I suppose). I think you touch on an interesting issue. If I look at myself and my life, or at my friends and acquaintances and their lives, there seems to some inherent transience and change in my and their social world. This change can be prompted by entering new stages of life, or moving from one place to another, or simply a result of a changing environment. But it's there. I think for a large amount of people, maybe the majority, social life always changes over time. This, of course, can pose (and has posed) a problem for companies that have 'social' as their core mechanism. Where companies like Apple can rely to a certain degree on the continuity of lifestyle of an Apple customer (well-off, relatively, for one), 'social companies' have to deal with a constantly shifting landscape. If such a company aims at a particular demographic, they face the problem that merely being popular among another demographic (previous generation) is a big reason for them to be 'uncool' (snapchat/facebook). I don't know if there are companies that instead focus on a particular generation, but perhaps that'd be an interesting business model. Grow with your customers.