> surely no government would ever enact such a scheme Heh. I would not put ANYTHING into the "surely they wouldn't" category when it comes to government.... Oh it was a little funny. Lighten up. Not only writing the code first, but write with the idea that because they're "agile", their code is somehow easier to change 15 times as the complete understanding of the functionality emerges. As a developer on the receiving end of "stories" I find that a few sentences on an index card are, in most cases, woefully inadequate at describing the desired functionality. So what happens is you end up going back and forth to the PM with your questions, which is inefficient, OR you make assumptions to fill in the gaps, which sometimes works out well and sometimes does not. On the other hand I've also had the unhappy experience of wading through dense, arcane specification documents written in stilted language ("the system shall...." ad nauseum) that are ultimately not much better. In the end I think what this illustrates is that writing a good, concise, clear, complete functional specification is not easy. It requires a talented PM and no formulaic approach, whether it is agile or anything else, can get around that. I've seen many routines (functions, methods, procedures .. whatever) that are needlessly long due to overzealous use of the copy/paste technique. But once you eliminate that kind of stuff, I do agree that you can get to a point where you've abstracted too much -- and the actual thing you are trying to accomplish with your code becomes obscured. I have not read these studies, but to me it seems that the defect rate could rise because it's no longer apparent what's interacting with what, and in what order. If I have to hop around to numerous different 5 line methods (often in numerous different source code files) it becomes very hard to intuit whether the code is "correct" or even have any idea what it's doing. "Patri Friedman, a former Google engineer who now works for the Seasteading Institute, said floating cities are the perfect places to experiment with new forms of government." There are no new forms of government. They've all been tried. There are only people ignorant of history. Cute/Fun error messages will IMO get annoying really fast once the novelty wears off. Just like that clippy thing in MS Office. Absolutely false. Nobody in the US has "no access to healthcare at all." Go without != no access to Nothing really new in this post -- but the message bears occasional repeating: ideas are a dime a dozen, it's executing on one that few people can do well. This is the idea that underpins "poker planning" used in some agile software methodologies. You estimate a feature's required effort relative to other features that you (or the team) have completed in the past. It's interesting to me, because I've always been more partial to Joel Spolsky's philosophy that only the developer who implements a feature can estimate it, and only after the feature has been designed in detail. This study says that is all wasted effort (it's the "inside view"). Didn't work at all in my browser (Safari 3.2.1) Ants are not trying to text their friends, watch their GPS, and change the radio station while they are in formation. To get a job? Yes, especially if you're entry level. To start your own software company, work on open-source, freelance, etc. probably not. The more I think about this the more I think the comparison is not relevant. Ants are all going from point A (the colony) to point B (the food). Additional ants are not joining the line midway, nor are any splitting off to some other destination, nor do different streams of ants cross one another's paths. If you had a one-way one-lane road with no cross streets, merges, or exits, MAYBE the situation would be comparable; in the real world, I don't see a whole lot of relevance. Clever device, I'm not convinced it would save a lot of money for one person taking a quick shower every morning, but I do think it could benefit those households with three or four people all wanting a shower in the morning: by recovering part of the heat from the first showers, the last person has a better chance of getting a hot shower instead of a lukewarm or cold one. I agree on your point B, I think that companies can get to a point where they are like a cancer, they themselves thrive (for a while) but they can end up destabilizing the host organism. Not a perfect analogy, and I worry about giving the government the power to declare that a company is "too big" because historically such powers are abused. IF such size could be pre-defined on purely objective measures, perhaps there is a way it could work. Going into bankruptcy does not mean going out of business, at least not immediately. It basically just lets you put your debts "on hold" while you either reorganize or wind down under court supervision. Gives everyone time to take a breath and think rationally. Sounds pretty good in comparison to what happened? This is a good guide for someone getting started with git, but does not really explain why you might want to use git instead of some other version control system, such as svn. The title of this work implies it's something more than an introductory tutorial, but that's really all it is. Oracle 10g (10.1) was available for Mac OS X but they've not kept up and no 11g at all. I think they just found that the number of sales for that platform was too small. "if a human experimenter can make decisions independently of past events, then the particle can also make a free choice" The article does not make clear how "free choice" is different from "random chance" -- at least not to me. The government. Oh yeah great idea. So when you post something critical of the wrong official or say the wrong words on your website your certificate is summarily revoked. If you just need certs for in-house use, make your own. You can do that for free. Interesting viewpoint. The one I've heard is: if you DON'T have an exit strategy, it's just a hobby. Back to the mantra of Strunk and White: OMIT NEEDLESS WORDS. Quite frankly, I think that a traditional textbook is still best for actual coursework. Online is great for later reference, refresher study, and research, but no digital format has yet reached the level of usability and robustness as a printed textbook. My immediate reaction, having never heard of Dropbox, was "why not just use SVN". One that condones blatant copyright violation? Not sure. Let us know if you find one. Potentially very good news -- algae is not a food crop nor does it complete for acreage otherwise available for growing food. Also they seem to have figured out how to run a continuous rather than a batch-oriented production process, which should scale better. The 45 minutes is for a partial charge. Still, 300 miles beats the heck outta the 40 promised by the Volt. Also, you're probably not an Engineer. A real engineer is someone who is trained and certified to sign or "stamp" engineering documents and takes legal responsibility for their correctness. Don't graduate students have to defend their dissertations? Should be pretty easy to spot those who didn't actually do their own research. Hmm. To me this illustrates that we should be more skeptical of who we consider to be "experts" not that we should not seek counsel of those with subject matter expertise. Hint, someone with a TV show is probably NOT who you should be listening to. Agree! My C.S. undergrad program did not even cover specific languages. There were no courses such as "The 'Foo trendy du-jour' Programming Language" -- the language was incidental to the subject matter, and you were expected to learn the language, editor, OS utilities, compilers, debuggers, etc. on your own time. I don't fully buy into the arranged marriage concept, but won't deny that many of them are successful. I think one thing that probably helps a lot is that "older, wiser" people are looking at attributes of compatibility that younger people can't see in each other yet. I'm reminded of the advice from pg's never-delivered high school graduation address (posted here the other day): don't look for excuses to be lazy. Are drugs like Paxil the "lazy" way to avoid dealing with the realities of social interaction? For some surely not, but I think that for a good number of people they are. I think your last sentence answers your question. HTML and "the web" were designed as a simple information-sharing platform based on hyperlinked static text documents. Building actual business applications on top of this, even if you know how the web works, has always been pretty much a kludge. Did Canada push its banks to give mortgages to people who could not afford them? Anyone doing anything remotely private or personal on the internet is (or should be) encrypting anyway. Summary: people are irrational and make stupid decisions. The government knows better. Typical Time Magazine. I find that if I can stay physically active I don't miss caffeine. For example, when I go on vacation I typically don't drink coffee. But I'm usually at the beach, or have a lot of other stuff going on and I really don't miss it. If I stop coffee during a normal work week, I get the headaches, fatigue, etc. I think this is a view that some subset of developers has, but there's definitely another camp of developers who thrive in an entrepreneurial environment with a lot of focus on business success. I'm one. The company I work at was like that, and has now shifted more towards the "beehive" described here. I call it "developer day care" and it doesn't motivate me in the slightest. Actually I think a couple of ounces of lead would suffice. Nothing useful can stay free forever. Luck favors the prepared "The federal government simply isn’t raising enough money to pay for its obligations, Medicare being the biggest." ... and this was BEFORE TARP, TALF, AIG, GM & Chrysler.... Yes it is, in fact the last time I bought an "individual" plan for my family maternity was explicitly NOT covered; adding it would have made the premium much higher. I paid about $400/month for spouse and kids; I had my own coverage at work but they did not provide family coverage. If you KNOW you don't need maternity coverage that saves you a lot of money, but don't have any "accidents" as childbirth will cost you many thousands, up to hundreds of thousands if there are complications. All else is not equal, they don't call it "Taxachussets" for nothing. Some things are still best done face to face. I always just drop mine in the mailbox. I don't file electronically because of the fee. Hm, $10 (or whatever) to file electronically, or $0.42 to use the mail? Easy choice. "... proposed that in exchange for the GM bailout we spin out the Chevy Volt into an open source electric car platform." Counterintuitively, electric cars are not something that is a good idea in the near term. Why? The electrical grid does not have the capacity to absorb the additional demand. California for example has rolling blackouts during the summertime, just to moderate the existing demand. Imagine adding tens of thousands, or more, of electric car recharges to that... Widescale adoption of electric cars, even assuming they were otherwise acceptable to the public, will require a massive investment in electrical generation, the two practical energy sources being coal and nuclear, neither of which is a politically easy thing to pull off. Sadly, the fact remains that users don't read dialog boxes[1]. If you want to make a computing "appliance" that is not going to be subject to attack, you'll have to disallow owner-administrators and software installations altogether. [1] http://www.joelonsoftware.com/uibook/fog0000000249.html Not really a new idea to use a VCS as a document database, other folks have back-ended Wikis and document management systems with SVN, for example. But a nice story regardless, and another nudge for me to really take a closer look at git. First distributed VCS I heard of was darcs. I have not used it either, but from what I've read about the two, git has some real advantages in speed and robust-ness. Amen. What's it worth to YOU? Market demand and available supply sets the price. I've personally seen it happen twice. A company that has a reasonably well developed product is short on cash. Some "white knight" appears with a big investment, but the deal drags out, the company is forced into bankruptcy, and the so-called savior acquires it for a fraction of the original investment amount. Seeing this same scenario here makes me think it must be a common predatory tactic. Lesson is, if you've got a good product but are short on cash, be very wary of big investors. I've been told, by more than one person, that "web apps should not need [help|documentation|training] and while I understand the sentiment I agree that the act of writing user documentation, or training materials, exposes complexity and inconsistency quite effectively. Patents do expire, that's the whole point. The government will protect your idea for you for a period of time, in exchange for making it public. After that time expires, others are free to copy the idea -- that's how generic drugs come to market. You understate the costs of pharmacutical R&D. Most ideas fail, or do more harm than good. Of those that show some promise, there are extensive animal and then human clinical trials. More ideas wash out here. Laboratories cost money. Researchers cost money. Trials cost money. Defending class action lawsuits costs money. Comparing the cost of the raw ingredients to the retail price ignores a whole bunch of stuff. You don't necessarily pay more taxes. If a tax break motivates you to do X, and as a result you generate enough additional taxable income to offset the tax break, then the treasury comes out ahead. True, but it's usually a neighborhood association rule, not something that applies to a whole town. There were plenty of people opposed to nuclear power before TMI and Chernobyl happened. OpenBSD funds continued development by selling CDs. Is it really too much to pay $50 if you are yourself realizing value from the OS? And if you're really a tinkerer you shouldn't have much trouble installing without the CDs. Where a lot of people make their mistake is in spending tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars on commercial databases and then doing nothing more than simple SELECT, UPDATE, INSERT type operations with them, bury them under an ORM and try to pretend they aren't there. Can you get your money's worth out of a database like Oracle? I think you absolutely can if you USE the features it comes with. If you don't want to do that, or don't need those features, then you are throwing your money away. Thank you. This is a PR move. They could mow the grass, let the goats eat it, send employees out with scissors, or burn the field twice a year and none of it would have any impact on global temperatures. 'cause HTML was designed primarily as a markup language, not a layout language. These studies come out like clockwork. Every few weeks we hear about the new discovery of a food or ingredient that will kill you. I say if you're not obese and in reasonably good health, eat what you like. Nobody escapes death because they don't eat Wonder bread. Even easier, have the students hand in the paper on actual....paper. Hard to corrupt that. Will quantum programs exhibit all possible bugs as well as correct behavior? Absolutely. You know who writes code at Accenture? 22-year-old liberal arts and business majors, in their first job out of college, who've had about 6 weeks of training in programming. OK, to play devil's advocate, Xen is nothing new in the same way that Pike claims Linux is nothing new. Hypervisors and virutalization have been around since the late '60s. I used dd-wrt to run my Linksys WRT54G as a wireless bridge. It has been flawless. I'm not convinced by this. SQL databases have proven over the years (decades) to be a very good choice for storing data. The author ticks off a litany of other products (document databases, cloud storage, memory object caches, message queues...) to consider instead. Now you have a bunch more stuff in the mix. Stuff to install, stuff to configure, secure, periodically patch or update, backup, etc. SQL databases don't scale? Maybe not in the extreme, but for the majority (vast majority) of web applications they will do just fine if they are used intelligently. I don't understand the obsession with trying to add a few years to human lifespans. I'd personally rather live a shorter enjoyable life than a long one full of depravation just so I can eek out a few more years at the tail end. I guess that's easy to say since I'm barely reaching middle age. I tried a test patch of that once: gloss white rustoleum. It actually worked for short term writing, but would absorb marker left on for more than a few hours. Wonder if they can't they be disabled by a strong EM field? That's basically how the RFID tags on merchandise are disabled at the retail checkout counter. Running the demo caused my Safari to crash Did you mean physicians? If not, I would not put much more stock in a physicist's opinion about sweeteners than any other random person's. A good lesson for those who think governments should be trusted with managing dossiers of any kind about their citizens (e.g. health care records). Sadly, this often makes no difference. Marketing can be done with prototypes, screen mockups, or less. "Microsoft has a problem—the whole industry has a problem. Everyone needs Windows 7 to be a huge success. In the past week, even Intel has been bemoaning the fact that nobody is upgrading machines like they used to." I really don't think this has anything to do with Windows 7 specifically. What's happening is that PCs have reached the point where even a machine that's a few years old running Win2003 is entirely adequate to do the things most people and businesses want a PC to do: run Office, read email, watch YouTube, surf the net. The value-added argument is just no longer convincing for many consumers, especially in this economy. “Our research shows that women directors are doing their jobs very well. But a tough board, with more monitoring, may not always be a good thing.” Hm. Let's think about this. Perhaps if AIG had more women on the board, they would have been more closely "monitoring" all the exposure the company had in its insurance of mortgage-backed securities. So maybe AIG would not have made so much money in that line of business prior to the collapse of those assets, but perhaps they also would not have needed a huge government bail-out either. Just speculating here... The study claims that women on boards tend to monitor more closely and perhaps that's because they are more risk-averse. I can't see that as always being a bad thing. Could be taken too far, but surely it's been lacking in recent times. My son put a quick halt to a bullying situation by responding in kind. Luckily the school was enlightened enough to consider the matter closed at that point. Probably half the content in most newspapers is "pointless babble" particularly in the "Lifestyle" section. 90% or more of email traffic is spam. Doesn't make the media useless. Didn't Microsoft already try basically this, and fail spectacularly, with Passport? We tried Yammer in a team of 12 - 15 devs. About half of them liked it. The other half thought it was "yet another annoying, distracting thing to take me out of my 'flow'" Funny, when I was a beginner most people hacking on a computer at home had two choices, either some dialect of BASIC or, assembler. Today you can probably choose from literally hundreds of languages. Here's what I'd recommend: start off with an interpreted language, maybe Python, and work through a couple of tutorials. If you want to be a little different maybe look at Lua. Then try to build something. Tutorials are good but not as motivating as your own project. I would avoid IDEs like Visual Studio at first, they have a lot of power but for a beginner they might be distracting and keep too much under the covers that you really need to understand. Then start exploring other stuff. At some point you should try a functional language. Work through a book like the Little LISPer until you "get" recursion, currying, how the Y-combinator works (no not this site). Definitely take the time to learn C and pointers. Even assembly. Learn about object-oriented programming. Exposure to all these perspectives will make you a better programmer, no matter which language ultimately becomes your favorite. According to google, the Chrome OS is a lightweight Linux kernel and a new, simple window manager. I'm not sure what all the fuss is about. I guess maybe it will be packaged as a consumer appliance in a way that Linux hardly ever has been. My guess is he'll be moving on from high school early. XML is probably supported on more platforms, and certainly has better support for transforming into other formats (there are some analogs to XSLT for JSON but they're nowhere near as ubiquitous as XSLT processors Interesting, I've used svn for about four years and have never "lost" anything I've changed in my working copy. I've certainly had some cases of merge conflicts that were tedious to resolve, but my changes were all "there". And if you're working in a branch and commit to your branch before you try to merge back into trunk, you can always get everything back if something goes awry. I'm not saying git doesn't handle this better; I have not tried it yet myself. But in my experience it's possible to use svn without risk of losing your changes. The doctrine of the cold war was MAD, Mutually Assured Destruction. But the point wasn't that we had enough weapons to totally eliminate each other's populations, it was that we could totally destroy each other's economic and governmental infrastructure. Not really. A slap in the face is sometimes a good thing. It's very easy to get comfortable when you have a job and a decent apartment and a girlfriend -- enough of a life that you're no longer as "hungry" for more. You can coast like this for 5 - 10 years pretty easily then suddenly realize you've let a lot of time go by. Better to go for the goals now, before you have a mortgage and marriage and kids and other responsibilities which while not bad things, definitely complicate decisions about what to do with your life. Ha ha that's an old bone you dug up there, even so I recognize a few of those personalities in my present-day co-workers. I find that my swapped CAPS-LOCK and CTRL keys are enough to boggle most people who try to use my machine. I guess I have a little taste of what the guys who went thorough school using slide rules felt like when calculators that could do trig functions came out. I went through high school trig, calculus, and undergraduate college math classes with nothing more than a standard 10-digit "scientific" calculator. Graphs? You plotted those with a pencil. Though if you enter "business plan" into the search box you get a pretty relevant page. The subhead says "failure is good" but reading further it becomes clear that what he's saying is "failures come with the territory" Most startups fail. Successes are of course better, but failures are expected and not seen as negatives, more as learning experiences and motivators to succeed on the next attempt. Great start, was enjoyable and informative. Looking forward to the next chapters... e coli in any form of meat is from contamination of the meat with fecal matter in the butchering process, is it not? I assume cooking still kills all strains... Nice to see at least one other person thinks so. I use InstaPaper for stuff that I want to "read later" as is its intended purpose, or stuff that think I might want to return to occasionally. I like that I can get to it from anywhere, doesn't matter if I'm using my local machine. For pages I use all the time... I have a local HTML file as my home page. It's just a simple set of links organized into a few broad categories. Faster than navigating the browser's bookmarks, for me, though slightly more work to update. A little more than a collection of small pieces... they need to be able to work together in standard ways. Wouldn't that be like a CueCat? http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/fog0000000037.html Though granted, as an iPhone app it would not have the barriers to entry that CueCat faced. Also, modern refining technology allows a greater percentage of a barrel of oil to be made into gasoline, and the low-sulfur mandate has also added to the cost of production. Diesel fuel used to be in some sense a waste product and thus historically was cheaper than gasoline. It's only been within last 5 years or so that diesel has been consistently more expensive than gasoline, at least in the US. I worked in a place that used the "inheritance by copying working code" technique. It was a web app in ASP; each page was basically a stand-alone mini-app that had been copied from some other working page and then modified. Since we had no unit tests, there was one benefit, and that was that you could change the code on a page and be fairly certain that you would not affect any other pages. Excellent observation about understanding pointers; I never really had any difficulty understanding pointers in C, but I had already programmed in assembly language. Shakespeare on the other hand, is still opaque to me. Look for booming business in offshore hosting facilities. Or unless those "other things" have unlikely but potentially really bad consequences. Most of the time, maybe 80% of the time avionics software does not need to contend with the plane flying through a thunderstorm. But I hope that the programmers didn't just toss that possibility into the "not important" category. The "80/20" rule is something MBA types like to toss out so that they sound wise, but in some cases it's needs to be more like the 99.80/00.20 rule. On the other hand if you have a job you like and it's paying you well, it can be hard to get motivated enough to really work on a side project, even if it's something you'd like to try. Forcing a little hunger on yourself might be what you need. "...what I would even need a database for. "The only reason I can see is, to make data available for data-mining and (so called) BI, Business Intelligence, packages (or warehousing, cubes (as per MS))." So, basically everything businesses want to do with data after the initial entry into the app. How does this work at Wrigley Field? (for those who don't know, it's a baseball park in Chicago; the men's restrooms have one large "trough" style urinal along the whole length of the wall) Strangely, I'm always sleepy after exercise. If I go for a run, I'll feel like taking a nap when I'm done. I haven't really paid attention recently, but at a conference several years ago a former Microsoft sales rep said that nearly every "enterprise" product they sold required accompanying SQL Server licenses. Oracle's tools and installers are still not what you'd expect for the price. They are vastly improved from 2002 however. I'm no fan of Obama, but I agree this is a pretty agenda-free speech and probably designed to prop up his popularity with the "independents" and center-right where he has lost a lot of support. One might think this is very gently setting kids up to want to work "for your country" in the literal sense: as government employees, or for government controlled organizations. A conservative could give nearly the same speech but there would be more emphasis on individual achievement and entrepreneurial spirit in an environment of freedom that the country provides and defends; the main motivator being personal success and reaching one's potential, not contributing one's success to "the country". It's the classic tautology: if more than one person knows something, it's not a secret. He left out a lot of other stuff. Hospital rooms. Nurses, lab technicians, all the other staff at the hospital/clinic/doctor's office. Other overhead (office rent, equipment leases) on and on. Liability insurance premiums for malpractice insurance. A huge cost. Enough to drive doctors away from some specialties, such as obstetrics. There's some overhead in insurance company billing operations, but I've not seen any good evidence that the government can do it for less. The word "passionate" has become a meaningless corporate buzzword I don't know how quickly they will die. A lot of folks will justify $1.00 for a RedBox rental and not the $40 or more/month for broadband internet. This was exactly the approach I took with an app about 4 - 5 years ago. Back then XML not JSON was the data transport format, but I kept it lightweight. The UI was built in the browser using XSLT to generate HTML. Additional transforms tied to UI events allowed filtering, sorting, etc. all on the client. IE, for all its other flaws, actually supported this much better than any other browser at that time and we were developing in an IE-only environment. Business logic was on the server in stored procedures, which were exposed in a simple web service api so they could be called directly by the browser script logic. This also made it very testable because the stored procedures could be invoked by testing scripts that did not depend on the presence of any middle tier or UI at all. It also would have been a simple matter to build other client front-ends, as long a platform could work with XML and HTTP it could in theory be a client. The XSLT to render the UI from XML could get a bit verbose but despite that it turned out to be a very productive way to work. The downsides at the time were that IE was slow to render when you injected the HTML output of the transforms into the body.innerHTML property; this became noticeable if the generated page was large, but on the plus side this was a constraint against developing overly-complex pages. With most laptops being assembled in China to begin with, does it really matter? I quit my last job because of pair programming. I absolutely cannot think with another person sitting next to me at a desk. It's the absolute worst experience I've ever had as a developer. Full-time pair programming keeps developers focused and coding, all day, every day, week-in, week-out. Sounds like a recipe for burn-out to me. Maybe if you switch to 6 hour days, or 4 day weeks, it could be more sustainable. I did like one thing he said though, which has nothing to do with pairing... he said they require developers to purchase their own laptops. Like a mechanic or carpenter provides his own tools. That makes some sense to me. Let people chose the tools that they are most familiar with and most productive using. I think pairing sucks. Based on my personal experience with it. I'm just not cut out for it, mostly. I'm more comfortable and productive in the the "private office with a door" environment that DeMarco and Spolsky advocate. I don't dispute that pairing works for some people, in some situations. Despite the overall "we're so smart and so much better than everyone else" attitude in this piece, the still-relevant conclusion is that pairing is not easy, requires large investments in both physical assets and people who want to work that way. He even admits that once your team is larger than a dozen or so, the feasibility of pairing starts to break down because of personality conflicts. Octane III is immediately available with Intel® Xeon® processor 5500 series or Intel® Atom™ configurations. The base configuration price starts at $7,995. Oh your reply just crystalized one of the main problems I had with pairing. See, I use emacs and a bunch of command line tools. Almost everyone else in the shop used visual studio. I think one other guy used some editor he liked. So to pair with someone I had to use visual studio, which is like asking a master carpenter to use a hammer and saw that were picked up at Wal-Mart instead of the tools he had spent a decade mastering. So in order to pair effectively, everyone has to use the same tools. And that's going to be a big problem for people who don't like those tools. I don't think the article really hit that point. EDIT: Oh and your little aside: I would suggest any appraisal of the general practice of software development that doesn't portray it as almost totally broken is far from accurate is fabulous. Love it. Or you can do a google search on the title, with the site: qualifier, and get to the cached copy that way. MySQL is hardly a threat to Oracle's RDBMS. If you need Oracle enough to pay their asking price, MySQL is not a substitute. I was thinking about this today, wondering if it's the start of one of those market pendulum direction changes. We had the vertical "systems" provider in IBM. You bought everything from them, hardware, 3270 terminals, printers, networks, software, everything. Then we moved into the era where you bought everything from different vendors. Servers from one vendor, networking gear from another, software from everyone and anyone, and people start to realize "gee this is a f-ing mess, can't I just get one company to do all this for me" and that's where Oracle wants to step in and be able to say "yes". Exactly. Do you write tests for your tests? In one TDD shop I worked in, test failures were often as not due to bugs in the test code as in the app code. Reminds me of Negroponte's observation (in his book Being Digital from sometime in the mid 1990s). At the time, digital television was hung up in debates about what high-definition standard to use. He said that for most people most of the time, standard def was fine and that in focusing on a level of "quality" that most people did not care about, a lot of other potentially interesting and useful things you could do in the same bandwidth were not being developed. At least, that's what I recall now. It's been at least 10 years since I looked at that book. "I disagree unless all your changes are really shallow." You are correct sir! What the tests do is allow you to refactor (reorganize or clean up code) and verify that you haven't changed functionality. That's the theory. In practice however you are hardly ever refactoring for its own sake. In most cases you can't really justify paying developers to change code without some benefit that someone (i.e. a customer) will pay YOU for. And as soon as you start changing behaviors, you now have to change code and tests (or write new tests). "Today’s LED-based lamps cost up to $100 each ... Over the long term, we can absolutely get the cost down to the $20-25 range" While they do sound better than the abysm that is the compact flourescent bulb, at that price they're a no-go compared to incandescents that are $0.20 - $0.25 or less at retail. For some definition of "many" this is surely true. Heh that takes me back to my "Programming Languages" class, taught by Friedman, and using The Little LISPer as a textbook. The important thing is to understand your database's concurrency model. They don't all work the same way. This causes problems e.g. for SQL Server developers who are new to Oracle, or vice versa, and naively assume that everything is the same. They've owned BerkeleyDB for a while also, and AFAIK they have been good stewards. $8MM is a lot of money but that doesn't mean it will be spent wisely. During the dot-com days I worked for a company that had $30MM in funding and pissed every cent of it away. What the providers bill the insurance companies, and what the insurance companies pay, are two different things. Ever read those "explanation of benefits" statements? I happen to have one here that lists the doctor's submitted fee for a covered service as $179. The insurance "contracted fee" was $50. So really the doctor got $50; I don't know what happens to the other $129, probably a tax write-off of some sort. What an idiotic headline. It's so emotionally charged that rational exploration of the subject of end of life care is impossible. I guess I'm either getting old or just have a different mindset. I think of chat as as enormous distraction to getting work done. I am one of those people who disables intrusive alerts from email and anything else that might lurk in the system tray and interrupt me. I check my email a couple of times a day, and generally sign off of chat services if I want to concentrate. Good luck to you though; clearly a lot of people have a different view on this. And this is the real problem. This will happen again. That email should have been sent with something like PGP encryption to ensure that only the intended recipient could open it. no customer data of any sort has been viewed or used by any inappropriate user during this data lapse Since the email was apparently sent "in the clear" they cannot say this with certainty. A copy could have been siphoned off any intermediate network or smtp server. Some people still think shutting off the monitor means shutting off the computer Heh. I had this problem with my mom who could never understand that she could record on her VCR even if the TV was off. Or tuned to another channel. The reason the Mac mouse has only one button... so that users never need to think about which one to click. The most memorable for me was the user who called everything a "macro". Called once when his mouse stopped working and said his computer had "lost its mouse macros". Also Lua I can see students and business professionals incorporating this device into their busy daily lives to fill the gaps between their laptop and smartphone. For this to happen the device will need to synchronize and interoperate effortlessly with their laptop, desktop, and other devices. This is where Windows has historically been weak. I admit I am ignorant of improvements that might be in Windows 7. With 4 billion buyers, you can sell for pennies and still make a lot of money. Remember the marginal cost of software is zero. Capone's Vault. I participated in the interview of a dev candidate who had the same answer. "I really can't think of anything I've failed at." This was so implausible that on the basis of that answer alone I voted "no hire" I also refuse to use wireless keyboards and mice. Have had far more aggravation from them than convenience. For me the point where drupal starts to suck is when the core + modules won't do the job. As soon as you start getting into CCK, Views, etc. you're skating on the edge of real development, without any of the tools that make that productive. Writing PHP code in a textarea is not my idea of a good time. And if you have more than one "developer" working on it, fugehtaboutit. With so much stored in the database, synchronizing changes among various developers is nigh on impossible. I speculated years ago that Microsoft's long-term vision was to eliminate the browser. I think they wanted a world where people ran fat .NET clients delivered via one-click deployment. Interesting to see now that the browser continues to be the application "container" and javascript the implementation language for applications. And the alternatives and challenges to IE have continued to grow. Wonder if Microsoft regrets not maintaining IE for the Mac, and their even older *nix port. I don't care for most of their editorials, and generally don't read the fiction either, but the expository writing in The New Yorker is often superb and quite intellectually stimulating. This peek into the behind-the-scenes processes there goes a long way towards explaining why. I've seen this happen time and again, where developers or project managers will decide to "improve" some part of the clients business process rather than just do what they were asked to do. It's almost a "we know better than you" attitude. And they then don't understand why the clients are unhappy with the system when it is delivered. No, it's still javascript running in a browser. What I noticed was that most of the attention was between the left side and center of the page. The only attention point on the right side was the scroll bar. Made me think of the NEXTSTEP window manager where the scroll bars were on the left. The explanation at the time for this apparent deviation from the "standard" was that it kept the scroll bar closer to the user's primary attention areas on the page. In Mac OS X i guess Apple caved to popular convention and moved the scroll bars to the right. They also didn't mention horizontal scrolling, which I personally cannot stand. Vertical scrolling is not nearly as objectionable, though in forms it's more of a bother than on pages where you are just reading. Best eye-opener I had on JavaScript is Douglas Crockford's site. www.crockford.com. Many folks here probably know of it, but if you've never perused that site you're missing something good. But don't make the mistake of assuming that when writing "for (var i=...)" that i is scoped to the loop block. JavaScript does not have block scope. It only has function scope, with the "Global Object" scope being the top level scope. I don't know about music being level headed. It's not uncommon for parents who think their kid is a prodigy to have them in violin classes at age 3 or 4. I don't know if the music community itself thinks this is good or bad, though. Backups are only as good as your ability to recover from them. How many of us think we are doing a good job backing up data, AND have actually tried to run a disaster recovery drill and have verified that you can recover your systems from your backups? You don't want to find the gaps in you backup strategy during a real system failure, when you're under the pressure of the clock to get the system back up. iswitchb-mode is a cool little thing I recently discovered. I somehow enabled it accidentally, was puzzled for a moment until I realized what it was doing, and now I love it. sql-oracle mode in emacs takes away a lot of the pain of using sql-plus (if you're an emacs-er) If you use a Mac, Omni Outliner ( http://www.omnigroup.com/applications/omnioutliner/ ) is pretty good. The five steps in the writing process: Planning, Drafting, Revising, Editing, Formatting. Formatting is last. This is why I like to write in plain text (I use emacs, but that's not really important). When I use something like MS Word, formatting is in your face from the get-go (probably 80% of the toolbar and menu items concern formatting), and I tend to sidetrack into formatting too much at the expense of properly organizing my ideas. Except the LOIs in this case are utterly meaningless. I've been on the customer side of LOIs that were signed on request, knowing that it obligated us to nothing. They implied they were writing code by telling the customer that "development was progressing". Could you argue this was not a lie? Yes, if you are a weasel. Objective-C is not Apples "own" language. They (and NeXT, before them) used it to build the Cocoa framework but Objective-C is an add-on to GNU C and freely available for anyone to use. The language dates back to the 1980's at least. Well big chunks of the code base that they bought from NeXT were Obj-C. So there's the legacy issue. And as protomyth said, in the early days of OS X they really tried to convert people to Java but few developers got on board with it. Maybe because most people writing Cocoa apps in the early days were former NEXTSTEP developers and they used what they knew. Using Java to write Cocoa apps probably felt a bit like using COBOL to write .NET apps. You can do it, but it's probably not too fun. I've met and worked with fast food managers who are plenty smart. And some who aren't. Just like the software developers I've met and worked with. And I would add, release early and often only if releasing is easy. I worked in an shop that was trying to be "agile" with an enterprisey consultingware kind of product. They tried to release every 6 weeks or so, but the releases were complicated to deploy and deployments were additionally complicated by their customers' own change management processes that made the releases flow like cold molasses. They ended up with releases backed up two or three cycles at some customer sites, customers who could not cope and only wanted every other (or every third release), which created a support nightmare and customers who felt the software was in a never ending state of flux. So, if your releases involve a "download this zip file and extract it here" kind of process, it's a lot more feasible to do the early/often thing. If your releases require dispatching an engineer on a site visit, maybe not such a good idea. Right... the reason XP has hung on so strongly is that it was finally a Microsoft OS that did what most people wanted without crashing or locking up all the time. When you have a stable OS that meets your needs, why change (especially if you are a business and you need to justify expenses with a bit more of a rationale than "ooh, that's pretty, I want it" I think in the case of governments it's not that they can be too big to fail, it's that if they get too big, they do fail. Though maybe that's the general case, now that I think about it. edit s/its/it\'s/g CTRL-[ works as an alternative. Why don't we have easy life-logging now? I don't get why you'd want to do this. Sorry I just don't get it. Why would you want to record your whole life, especially on a pendant-cam that would be bouncy and pointing at something irrelevant half the time. If a lot of people would want something like this, I must really be getting old and out of touch. I guess it might appeal to the types of people who keep diaries or journals now. I'm not one of them, and neither is anyone I know. Do you keep an audio record of your whole life now? That's been feasible for a long time. Why not? What about video would make you start? I'd quibble a bit with #8, page titles. In my experience users rarely if ever look at the page titles in the browser; they don't really impact usability. If titles are important, pages should have a title banner or heading in the page itself, and not rely on users looking at the title up at the top of the browser window. I agree, sports in HD is nice but I find it acceptable on standard. For movies or anything else, it doesn't matter. VHS tapes are good enough for me, and in fact preferable because they are so much more user friendly than DVDs. AAPL was in the $10 - 12 range at the low in 2001 after the dotcom crash. Why did you leave out a "User" category... use OSS but have never looked at the code or modified it in any way? Agreed. The complexity of the Earth's climate can't be reduced to a handful of TRUE/FALSE questions. Anything we do to attempt to manupulate it will either a) have no significant effect or b) have unpleasant, unforseen side-effects. You are right that some crappy software is highly profitable, but to say that Microsoft's software products have gotten worse with each release is to have a very non-standard definition of "worse". You still might not like Windows or Office, but on the basis of stability and usability, two attributes that most people would correlate with quality, there is really no question that relative quality improved from one release to the next. Or do what I do, browse with all plugins disabled. Nice effort, and great to see someone building a Cappuccino app; I like that I don't need any plugins to run it. Clearly it's still beta, but something to keep an eye on. How to ensure that [some] people won't read your post: require Flash. I'm probably not in the majority, but I read email in a text-mode MUA and wouldn't see the picture either way. Here's a hint for marketing folks who want to send email to people like me: make sure your email looks reasonable in plain-text mode. This is provocative comment. I use svn every day. It seems to meet all my needs. I find it logical, fast enough, tags, branches, and merging make sense, etc. When I started hearing about git, I looked at the docs and a couple of tutorials, and my conclusion was that it was esoteric. Nothing stood out as "wow that would be really cool" or "wow that's something I have wished I could do but svn doesn't let me". If it's "fast" that's nice, but not enough of a reason for me to switch; I don't feel like my productivity is really hampered very much waiting for svn operations. So, I never actually tried using git. But, your remarks have intrigued me, so I might give it a try on a couple of personal projects I want to get done. Even if it does, whatever was public may well be cached in innumerable places all over the internet. You pretty much have to assume that whatever you post on sites like that will be "out there" forever. On an everyday level, this reminds me of an observation made by one of Crichton's characters (I think it was the mathematician in Jurassic Park) that despite all the appliances and conveniences of modern technology, housekeeping still takes the same number of hours a week as it always has. The old metalink was not pretty, but it got the job done. Nobody I know has liked the Flash version since the day it was unveiled. Everybody continued to use "classic" metalink. Why Oracle has persisted in pushing this on the world I don't know. The LAST thing you want when your database is down is to wait on a g damn flash app to load. Support ticket systems are not SUPPOSED to look like a marketing site. They are supposed to be fast, lightweight, and usable because most of the people using them have a problem to solve. Now. mom and pop brochure sites are not the sort who would be using spdy anyway, they'd just use http. Wouldn't spdy capable browsers declare this capability so the server could immediately redirect to spdy:// those clients that support the protocol? I hit that web button quite often (I have a verizon phone). I just hit "End" and I've never been charged for data. Of course, I don't have a data plan in the first place, so that's one way to avoid it. I drive a 26 year old car and my home computer is a six year old Macintosh. The numbers of people killed by governments dwarfs the number killed by corporations. EDIT: this was meant to be in reply to ct4ul4u. Agree. There are still cases where assembly language is the appropriate choice. That doesn't mean those generalize to "business" use cases. Sure there are cases where a "nosql" approach makes sense. But the examples cited (Google, Digg) bear little similarity to a typical "business" use case, and I'd claim that for "business" applications RDBMS is generally the best solution. On a Mac, you can view everything in greyscale using the Universal Access panel in System Preferences. I can see differences in the hats but cannot see the "3" in the Ishihara plates. Ha. I can't read it. But if I boost the contrast on my display the message becomes visible. Of course they are relying on you to intuit some property of the situation that they don't mention. If they had said the box has three incandescent bulbs which become hot after they are switched on, most people would "get" the answer easily. In a real application development situation, however, solving a problem based on what you assume to be true rather than what the customer asked for is usually a mistake. Wow. Even NEXTSTEP, the whole OS, and dev tools, was less than $1000 I think. I may be remembering the .edu pricing. I can see charging a modest amount for a beta program. If it were totally free, you'd get sign-ups from any random person who has the slightest curiosity in the product, and any feedback you get from such folks is likely to be next to useless. By charging for the beta, even just $20, you weed out this chaff, and also your beta testers now have some sense of investment in the product and will be more likely to give you feedback you can act on. Well then IMHO he should have stopped with "we haven't set a price yet". That $1000 figure leaps off the page and causes a lot of potentially unnecessary consternation. After reading that I felt like I had just visited a used car dealer. When I lived in Chicago I had the previous incarnation which was known as "Cellular One" aka "Hellular One" and then Cingular, and it sucked then too. Here's my guess about Apple's thinking. Note that I don't own an iPhone or iTouch. So I don't have any experience with the App Store or submitting applications to it, and can't say that it is or is not working this way but.... Apple wants iPhone apps to "just work" They don't want a plethora of buggy, half-baked, inconsistent apps in their store, because this would diminish the brand. It would be like a typical Linux distribution where half the apps implement their own peculiar UI conventions, crash often, or just don't work at all. So it is like developing a game. You get one release, one chance, to get it right. It needs to work. Maybe a lot of app developers don't get this. There are published standards about conventions, icons, behavior, etc. The app is expected to be FINISHED and WORKING before you submit it to the store. Don't count on deploying 27 follow up patches and updates to customers -- imagine the chaos if every iPhone app needed updates multiple times. Users (most of whom are not hackers) would, after a while, just give up and abandon the platform. So, when an app is submitted, it is reviewed, and if it's found to be buggy, or it doesn't work, or it works in an unconventional way, then they don't want it. And they're not in a particular hurry to waste more time on you when you didn't follow the instructions the first time. I don't know, I'm just speculating. But this seems plausible to me. In my experience PHP is a lot like ASP. It is easy to get started in, so attracts a lot of entry-level developers who produce a lot of entry-level code, and nothing about the platform particularly encourages good practices. Back in the day there used to be an emacs-like editor that would fit on a floppy (1.4MB) disk. Not sure if it was microEmacs or some other name, though the name microEmacs certainly dates back at least to the early 1990s. The idea was if you ever found yourself needing to do some work on a Windowz box that only had Notepad you could whip that out and get something done. If you think there's no politics in science, I have to ask if you have any familiarity with it. University research, for example, is CHOCK FULL of politics. In most browsers yes. Some, and specifically IE6, this works only for the first letter of the option, not cumulatively. E.g. typing 'd' then 'e' leaves the dropdown focused on the first option starting with 'e', rather than 'de'. Agree, seven is a pretty small and arbitrary limit for a drop-down. I think maybe 20 or 25 is a better limit, and certainly not so many that they won't fit on a typical 1024x768 display (less if you're supporting small/mobile device displays explicitly). Yeah he was caught basically because he was still using twitter, Facebook, etc. under his new identity. If he had really "dropped off the net" it's unlikely he would have been traced. Android's challenge vis-a-vis the iPhone will be that Google doesn't know a lot about consumer electronic devices, and the wireless carriers don't know a lot about consumer software. Apple is among the best at both. That was the biggest problem I had with this piece. Yes, in fact, there are genuinely evil people in the world. It is certainly possible to be overprotective of a child but this guy seems a little too far to the other extreme. So she isn't. I think of Quinn as a male name and did not read her "about" page. A really skilled intruder won't leave any obvious clues behind if he gets in. You are likely to encounter this only if someone is deliberately targeting your server for some reason. That said, most intrusion attempts are unsophisticated, analogous to a person walking around a parking lot trying car doors to see if any are unlocked. Tools I've used (it's been a while so some of these may be dated) include logwatch to check for suspicious log activity, portsentry to watch for suspicious connection activity, and tripwire to spot modified system files. Is this really any different than the "diversity" classes that some schools make freshmen take? With regards to being a passionate about hacking though, there's another problem: the pace of technological change. Take the guitar example: you invest a couple of years learning to play the guitar and perhaps develop a passion for it. That's something you can continue to nurture for a lifetime. On the other hand, take the example from the article: the bored web developer spends "a few years" mastering Ruby on Rails. Oops, by then RoR is yesterday's news, now it's Clouds and Hadoop and Clojure and [insert technology/language/architecture du jour here]. So I think what you need to work on is not mastering something like "Ruby on Rails" but something at a higher level of abstraction... skills and habits that let you remain proficient and passionate about your craft even as the technological sands shift under you. I'm not sure how to really articulate what these are. Heh. I was going to post that I thought this was a fairly useless feature, certainly not on par with the impact of the other new stuff. But, I can't really say that it is a bad thing... I guess. Additionally such agreements (essentially "insurance" against downtime losses) are only as good as your willingness to enforce them. Likely you'll be going to court over anything significant, and paying $100/hr or more to your team of attorneys. There's a balance. Too few protections or too many are destabilizing. I think I would feel like a puppet who's strings are being jerked in 20 directions by all my different "feeds". But that's probably just me. I have never seen the allure of the "social" internet that puts ever facet of your life on line. It seems to be to be the height of arrogance to think that anyone really cares about where you are going to dinner on Thursday night. Also a nice way for someone to figure out a good time to burglarize your house. Why should he change it? The UI is simple and functional. There is no dancing bologna to distract you. Changing it just to make it comport with some layout pattern du jour would only disorient/piss off people who are accustomed to the way it is. 37signals, another company that seems to have a decent handle on how to get users, also believes that not providing features is part of why their apps work for so many people. Many apartment/house finding sites have these features: search pages with dozens of checkboxes and dropdowns, and equally complex data entry pages for the people listing the apartments/houses. Yet Craigslist dominates. Simplicity wins. What's with the twitter fixation? I've benefitted from Knuth's work for over 20 years (as a practitioner, not an academic). Twitter? To me it's a curiosity at best; I've never used it. Is it just me or did anyone else have a lot of trouble reading that press release excerpt because of all the exclamation points. I know that the trademark name "Yahoo!" includes the bang but I found it really annoying. Is this supposed to be what everyone sees? I don't see any fade-in effects on their home page. (Mac OS X 10.4 and Safari 4). Yeah I was pretty sure I'd seen that concept somewhere before. It looks cool, but certainly not "different" enough from any other piston engine design to not have been conceived and tried by now. Thanks. Exactly how I feel. With text-mode interfaces I have the feeling of telling the application what I want it to do in verbal terms, which I find easier to remember than which button or menu selection does what I want. The author states: The disadvantage I feel most keenly when using a terminal is the cognitive load. I have to keep more in my head when using a terminal/command-line-based interface. Again I find the opposite to be the case. When I use Visual Studio I feel overwhelmed by the GUI. Panels and scroll bars everywhere, buttons, menus, etc. Contrast to Emacs, where I have, very simply, one large area for editing text. I can focus on what I'm doing. It's sort of a Feng Shui thing: the busy GUI is the cluttered room that drains your positive energy and causes constant low-level stress. The text interface is the well-organized room that has everything you need but it's out of the way until you actually use it. OpenDNS is an easy way to keep the kids out of most of the uglier sites on the internet. That's why I use it. I wish all TDD proponents understood this. Coverage != Tested. 100% coverage does not mean you have have exercised all possible execution paths through the code. Also, passing all tests does not mean there are no bugs. Assuming you have tests for all your requirements, passing the tests means only that software can perform those requirements. It does not mean that it will be bug-free, especially if the users try to do things the requirements didn't anticipate. TDD has the great benefits you mention but it is not the magic bullet so many of its advocates make it out to be. I don't trust any of them. That's why I don't have a Facebook page, I don't have a MySpace page, I don't use gmail or any of Google's services. I don't have a Twitter account. I do have an account on LinkedIn because my boss at my last job asked me to set one up, but I never update it. If you didn't have to worry about buying food, would you start a company? If you didn't have to worry about paying the rent/mortgage would you start a company? If you didn't have to worry about ..... Mac OS X has an excellent dictionary app, highlight any word, and from the app menu select Services -> Look Up in Dictionary. Even works when you're offline :-) Seems to me this used to be bound to a keyboard shortcut back in the NEXTSTEP OS, though it's possible to add one in the current Mac OS. I find a written document, perhaps augmented with screenshots, to be most helpful. Screencasts, by themselves, I find to be next to useless. A screencast demands investment of significant time before one can even determine whether its going to be helpful. With a written document, it's usually possible to tell from the first paragraph or a quick skim if it's something worth spending more time on. Screencasts are undoubtedly faster and easier to prepare than a written document, perhaps that's why I tend to see so many involving technologies such as CMS platforms that cater to folks who want quick solutions that they don't need to understand very deeply. Your sentence Tech starts to look the same after you have seen so much of it. resonates with me a bit (I'm 43 and have made my living as a developer for over 20 years). What happens a lot is some old idea is dusted off and becomes a current fad. Sometimes this is because the old idea was a good one, but sometime it's because a younger generation is ignorant of history and why that idea didn't work the last time it was tried. So sometimes there a feeling of "What! That again??" when some topic such as "NoSQL" comes up, but that doesn't, to me, make tech in general less interesting. It's my gut feeling that asterisks are so commonly used to indicate required fields that most users have come to understand their meaning. Nevertheless I also like the "optional indicator in the field" idea, and I also agree with the advice in the article to only ask for required fields. In other words, if a field is optional, give strong consideration to omitting it from the form entirely. Everyone wins except the theatre owners, of course. And the folks they employ. Not that legacy infrastructure has a right to exist forever, but some people do lose. I'd guess a tiered pricing would be used... high prices at the moment of release, dropping daily/weekly until they hit the standard minimum which I'd guess would be a few dollars. This way they get the high profits from people who can't wait, and they also get money later from people who would never pay the higher prices. I would pay more for a streamed movie than a redbox rental because I don't have to: a) pick it up; b) deal with the occasional damaged/dirty disc; c) take it back. What we're seeing is that there is politics in science, like everything else that people do. If a former association with ExxonMobil by one of the signatories casts doubt on the motivations of these scientists, then you have to apply the same standard to scientists who are affiliated with or have taking funding from any so-called "green energy" businesses or social progressive political groups And change it every so often, just in case. lawyers for Craigslist set out in their cross-examinations Monday to show that it was eBay that had engaged in deceptive acts by hiding its intention to launch a competing classified site, Kijiji, and misusing confidential information it had gleaned through its dealings with Craigslist. Don't they have to show actual damages? I mean, who uses Kijiji? Yeah it's rather difficult to check the sex of a child before it's conceived. Never heard of Stainless before. Thanks! The clear edges of physical products make it much harder for feature creep to happen. This might be true for simple products like water bottles, but does not hold true in all cases. Consider a car radio. I'd LOVE to have a car radio that had two knobs: volume, and tuning, which cover 99% of my use cases for a car radio. Try to buy one, though. Yes, though the author's tone was pompous at times, much of this also resonated with me, if (as someone else posted) you put this in the context of a typical corporate IT shop . He's pretty clearly not writing about a start-up that revolves around software development. He's talking about companies where IT is a necessary cost, very much like the accounting department. To paraphrase Spolsky: users don't read dialog boxes. Especially verbose dialog boxes. As for me, yet another reason I don't have a Facebook account. As for everyone else, assume that anything you put on-line will eventually (if not immediately) become public forever. Except that often doesn't happen. I'm being paid hourly right now and I do find it has some advantages: I hardly ever am asked to work more than 40 hours a week because I would have to be paid overtime; If I need to leave work early there's no guilty feeling of needing to "make up the time"; I'm never "on call" at night or on weekends for support--the salaried folks get that joy. Yeah pretty vivid. I'd have gone with much more muted colors to avoid the day-care center look. Forget it. Email should be terse, and plain text, especially if it's unsolicited. Anything long or full of images and multiple fonts goes straight to the "Junk" folder. The $10/gal gasoline is probably a close second. What are the temperatures like in your area? If I biked to work, at least 6 months out of the year I'd arrive a dripping, sweaty mess. One simple and easy way to run meaningful performance tests is to take a snapshot of your production data (minus any personal/private information of course) That's the real trick isn't it? You need to sanitize personal data, but maintain similar cardinality on all the indexes. Not that I really know, but in defense of the contractor I'm guessing that the Predator-to-satellite uplink and satellite-to-HQ downlink protocols were dictated by the Pentagon in the RFP and statements of work to use existing military signal protocols and the contractors really didn't have a lot of choice in the matter. Yeah, my first reaction reading this headline was "who/what is Yelp?" Well, your other option is to be a little more discriminating on who you issue credit to in the first place. I use credit cards, but only as a convenience. I never carry a balance. Why should I subsidize deadbeats? Multi-Factor as I usually understand it is based, ideally, on "something you have" (e.g. an RSA token, your fingerprint, etc) and "something you know" (a password/passphrase). Your example sounds like two "something you know" factors, which is really just a more complex password. What would be nice, is if the credit card companies could save your "default" shipping preferences. Then, unless you wanted to ship somewhere else, online checkout would only need to ask for your CC number... almost as easy as a retail transaction. Easily solved: when they put you on hold, transfer the call to YOUR assistant (or some willing co-worker if you don't have one). When the caller comes on the line, your accomplice says "OK, please hold the line and I'll get him." Turnabout is fair play. I've used OpenHosting with no complaints. Awesome to see a BSD-based hosting service. Are they fairly new? I was looking for one a couple of years ago and don't recall seeing their name. The point was not "don't use a database"; the problem identified was "inappropriate use of a database." And that is a problem which is much larger in scope than the simplistic examples discussed in this piece. I wonder how many wind/solar/bio energy proponents are even aware of this. I agree. A card in the mail would be more appropriate. A telephone call is something a bit too personal from someone with whom you've had no other contact in the prior year. Maybe it's not that lisp makes any programmer more productive, but that it offers the anecdotal "order of magnitude more productive" programmer features that Java, being designed for the "interchangeable cog" programmer, does not. What I like to do is reference a tracking number from the issue/bug tracking system in my commit messages. Yes, this has some possible pitfalls, e.g. the source code may outlive the issue tracking system, or may change owners without the issue history coming along.. but it works well in practice. Terrorists blow up trains, too. The point being, if a few train attacks occur, you can expect similar TSA regulations being issued for that mode of transport. Not that its very likely in the USA; with a few exceptions rail service is abysmal. It took me 48 hours to travel from Nevada to Chicago last time I took the train, what with mechanical breakdowns and other unexplained delays. Lost my luggage too. Never again. My initial reaction was also "why would you". Take the "two most isolated functions in the entire codebase" and make them dependent on each other? OK, assuming there is a good reason (not given in the example) to do this, I'd say you achieve this by passing whatever bit of state data you need to drive the behavior in the various calls to functions A and B. No need for global variables to achieve this, nor is it really any easier or cleaner to use them. Without making any claims on my level of "smartness", I will say that I tend to shut down pretty quickly when it becomes apparent that the person I'm "sharing" with is really just more interested in me doing his job for him. Some will say "well their very existence prevented any terrorist from even trying to get a bomb through" which is just as valid as "their very exitence prevented pink elephants from Mars from landing and stomping us all to death." No, it's not the same. One is plausible, the other is not. Well could you not write new A and B functions that invoke the original functions with state parameters added while also providing the state-handling mechanisms. Then all other existing calls remain unchanged. This really just introduces a namespace for what would otherwise be a "global" but it keeps the real "global" namespace unpolluted. It would be interesting to see how kernels compiled with pcc and gcc compare, size-wise and performance-wise. Politicians in charge of employees? The possible abuses boggle the mind Exactly the same. I also never really thought that pointers were difficult yet it seems to be a major stumbling block for many beginning C programmers. Perhaps having already done assembly language programming before I learned C was the reason. I once had a girlfriend who thought that way. Thought that going to the moon was a complete waste of resources because it "made no real difference in anyone's life" Back in 2003 or so, I was at a conference where a former Microsoft manager of some variety told me (paraphrased) that Microsoft's product strategies always revolved around selling more server licenses: Windows Server, Exchange Server, SQL Server. So all their product development was bent in that direction, causing some otherwise good ideas to miss hitting the customer need because there always had to be a tie-in to selling more licenses. Seems to explain a lot of the failures that are outlined in this piece. OTOH, any company the size of Microsoft has a lot of failed ideas, or poorly executed ones. Not every idea is a home run; foul balls are part of the game. Those came in Leopard, actually. I suppose one way would be to use an older "portable document" format (aka plain-text) and replace the sensitive text with strings of "x" characters. If you are employed but your employer does not offer insurance, ask if they would pay for an individual plan out of payroll withholding. I've done this and it lets you buy insurance pre-tax even if your employer does not have a plan. This is a significant savings. What they charge your insurance, and what your insurance actually pays them, are often wildly different numbers. A lot of people thought the same about MySpace a few years ago. Disclaimer: I don't use MySpace, Facebook, or Twitter and don't foresee ever doing so. Agree, I find that LinkedIn does little for me. I'm not in sales or marketing, and I'm not currently looking for a job. There's just no reason for me to log in to LinkedIn daily, or with any real frequency at all. 15. The higher a patient's body-mass index, the less respect he or she gets from doctors. I'm surprised to see this on the list, I would have thought this would have been established long ago. Anecdotally, I've talked with several docs who have commented on the frustration of trying to help people who clearly are not taking care of themselves (e.g 350 lb diabetics who won't lose weight, etc.) The research question is one that occurred to me. Do these cost data include spending on medical and pharmaceutical research? I would imagine that the bulk of that spending occurs in those same countries that are "above" the average line in this graph, and could contribute to that skewing. I'm sorry to hear of your health problems, but unfortunately doctors don't have tricorders yet. It's quite incorrect to suggest that people with "zero intellectual curiosity" are sought out by medical schools, in fact it's a preposterous claim. We have made great advances in medicine in the past 100 years, but complete understanding of the human organism and its diseases still lies far in the future. Some diseases have no "tests" or definitive diagnostics; they are identified by ruling out other possible causes of the symptoms. This can take time. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1009869 Yeah, really this is NOT anything new. Direct Marketing service companies have been providing this for years. Back in the mid 1990s we were sending one such company reels of 1/2" tape with names and addresses, and getting back reports of age/income etc. distribution. In many cases you're better off trying to steer around the collision than (or in addition to) stopping short of it. I've seen a few crashes where people could have just steered onto the shoulder or median to avoid the crash but it seems that they just applied the brakes and hoped for the best. I don't think driver's education in the USA teaches emergency maneuvering much. How is it elsewhere? Seems that I've read about studies that show that people have a certain, nearly unconscious risk tolerance. For example, ABS and all-wheel-drive made driving in the snow and ice easier, so people drive a bit faster or more aggressively until they reach their previous risk tolerance level. Thus the potential safety benefit is not realized in actuality. In fact, if people overestimate the added safety of the new technology, they may be more likely to have an accident than without it. Witness the common sight of four-wheel-drive vehicles spun off the road in a snowstorm. I'm sure they are getting a lot from Mazda. The Ford Fusion, for example, is basically a rebadged Mazda 6. Actually LPs have much less dynamic range potential than CDs. It's just that most producers do not utilize that range, they instead push all the levels to the top. I used to have a link to a study that claimed that many "long term" popular hits (music that has remained popular for decades) has a common thread of being produced with a wide dynamic range. I can't find it now... I find it a stretch to say that unused minutes can be considered "unclaimed property". The cards basically are a contract where ATT will deliver up to X minutes of use within a defined time frame. That's really just a bandwidth agreement. What's next, will cable companies be required to rebate me for the hours of TV that I don't watch every day? Maybe. Technology sharing is a big reason for a lot of these deals. For example the Chrysler 300/Dodge Charger uses a lot of Mercedes-Benz suspension components (though Daimler has since sold off their interest in Chrysler). Incidentally, Ford has recently entered an agreement to sell Volvo to a Chinese manufacturer. http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2009/dec/23/volvo-sale-ch... Every pre-paid card I've seen has in the fine print an expiration date. If there are some that are totally open-ended, that does change the argument a bit. Text fields on Mac OS X support basic Emacs keybindings for cursor movement natively. Yeah... I am on the same side of the fence as the author but I've also had very little success at evangelizing SQL and stored procedures to OO devs, so I've pretty much stopped. One point that I do think makes sense is where he says "just use flat files". Not that I'd actually advocate that, but if you're going to completely paper over the set-oriented nature of your data store, why not use a "NoSQL" (key/value) database and be done with it. You could always boot straight into a Windows install CD and blow away the vendor's OS install entirely. The problem with doing that, is that often (particularly on laptops) you need a bunch of special purpose drivers to get everything working. Finding and downloading these can be a hassle. Let's hope someone at Google is reading this and gets this fixed PRONTO. It is grounds for boycotting the service IMHO. Mostly agree, though I think physical media rentals are going to be around a lot longer than many people think. Though perhaps not the Netflix (i.e. mail delivery) model, maybe more likely the RedBox (vending machine) model. A lot of folks who like to watch movies don't even have computers... it's easier on the budget to spend a buck or two on a movie rental vs. $500+ on a computer plus broadband internet. If they are censoring the suggestion list, why do you assume they are not censoring the actual search results? There's apparent favoritism here, or bias against, depending how you want to look at it. If there were no filtering going on either way, I'd have no complaint. YEah I tried to take an old Sprint phone in to Verizon to get it activated when my wife lost her phone. They said technically it would work, but they were not "allowed" to do it. They are also now beholden to their fund sources... that kind of money does not come without strings. They are in trouble because they are in so many things that doing something good in one niche will cannibalize sales in another niche. Make a killer web office suite? Kills off sales of Office and Windows. Make a great webmail site? Kills off Exchange and Windows Server sales. Does anyone actually have a good experience with MagicJack's service? The idea of this device is cool, but people I know who've tried the conventional MagicJack, and reviews I've read of it, are both in agreement that it sucks pretty badly. Honestly, the really big factor in teaching effectiveness is the parents. If a kid is living in a household with dysfunctional or drug-addicted parents who don't give a damn about school, then with rare exceptions it doesn't matter how good the teachers are. Eschew government customers The long drawn out purchasing cycles and arcane requirements will suck time and attention that most startups can't spare. In the quantum realm, doesn't looking for something make it appear? http://www.hfrp.org/publications-resources/browse-our-public... Last time I lost significant (for me) weight (220 down to 180) I did it by cutting carbs. I did not eat only meat, but I did cut out all bread, other starchy food, sweet fruits, and sugars. So I ate meat, eggs, cheese, nuts, and green vegetables like broccoli, spinach, and legumes. I missed bread, because I love good home-baked bread, but you can have enough variety with other foods to keep a low-carb diet from getting boring. Atkins says to cut coffee and diet soda but I didn't do that. I did not exercise beyond normal daily activities. I like PC-BSD myself. But that said, I don't see any real change coming in 2010. There will likely be a small increase in non-Windows, non-Mac desktops in 2010, but nothing out of line with the trend over the past few years. Edit: The main reason why I think this is that mainstream retailers don't support it (e.g. Best Buy's "Geek Squad"). Non-geek consumers want something that comes with support or at least the appearance of support. You should always have a backup plan no matter who you use. You don't want a single point of failure on your ability to receive payments. The existence of absurd EPA regulations is not a surprise. However the claim that a car can be converted to CNG for "a few hundred dollars in parts and labor" is unbelievable. You can't just throw a couple of barbeque grill tanks in the trunk. A DOT-approved CNG tank will be roughly $2000 - $3000 all by itself, based on prices at http://www.cngconversionsonline.com/ Add in other parts and labor and I'd ballpark it at around $5,000 minimum. And it has to be done properly: you don't want a CNG leak in your garage overnight. Some sort of certification of installers is warranted. According to one specification document[1] for a baggage X-ray unit, it's about 0.1 mrem per inspection, which is less than a typical chest X-ray[2] [1] http://www.zortek.net/SpecSheet/Dynavision100100.pdf [2] http://www.newportbodyscan.com/radiationdosage.htm But, you'll burn more methane than gasoline to get the same energy. I wonder how close it ends up in reality. Could just as easily be a disgruntled employee too. Have all devs commit work to an SCCS, and keep offline backups. Pretty much protects you from this scenario. I am stunned to see this on the front page. It boils down to a bunch of crybaby whining by people who can't balance their checkbooks. Banks by and large give you more tools than ever to keep track of your transactions, and it's all free. Good grief. For every issue I have to address, I have that many more instances of experience dealing with something like that. Many more iterations of similar patterns to draw from. I wholeheartedly agree. I'm 43, and have worked in IT for about 20 years. Even in that span of time I've seen the same ideas gain popularity, fade, then return again (under another name, or in newer packaging, but fundamentally the same old concepts). Gives you a lot of perspective to be able to avoid getting caught up in the breathless enthusiasm of younger people returning from the latest conference or trade show. A dog of a breed with a strong protective instinct will probably do more to keep people from breaking in than any locks, anyway. The locks made for residential use are trivial for an experienced burglar to bypass, and a thug will just kick the door in or break a window. Conan was a writer for "The Simpsons" back in the 1990s. Taking his show to Fox would be sort of a homecoming for him. Business owners need to keep this in perspective. Most people have never heard of Yelp. I had not before I read this. The more you react to what somebody posts in an anonymous forum, the more you call attention to it. I don't think this is a bad observation. My slant on it is, if you are maintaining backwards compatibility to a point in time where these things just didn't matter, because only one person used the machine, there were no multiple user accounts, and the machine was not on a network... it's unsurprising that such an environment would be rife with security holes. Not saying it'a acceptable, just that it's not surprising. Edit: and it appears there's an effective way to mitigate this, disable the 16-bit support in group policy. I still file on paper. Why? Because it costs me a first-class postage stamp. E-filing has a fee of something like $15. Interesting little aside in this post, where he talks about hitting a license threshold on the number of projects and this triggering an evaluation of whether they really like Basecamp enough to pay more for it. I'm wondering if this would have happened if the pricing model was a much smaller increase per project. If adding a project is just a small additional cost there is no "threshold" you hit where you have to jump to a noticeably more expensive license. Yeah I'm really split on this myself. On the one hand he should have known better than to take on that much debt. On the other hand, the people offering him such easy credit should have to face the consequences of the risks they were taking by lending money to overextended borrowers. What do you do for people like me who browse with plugins disabled but Javascript allowed? Successful capitalistic democracy requires a moral foundation. Many things that are arguably "in the best interest" of an individual are not in the best interest of a functioning economy, and not honoring one's agreements is one of these. The fact that corporations are not being ethical does not justify on a moral basis the same behavior by anyone else. Further, if the coming predictions of high inflation turn out to be correct, the people who are still holding their mortgages will be paying them back with cheap dollars vs. people who walk away from their current debts and then need to borrow again later. Lamenting the outdated computers claimed to be installed in the White House, the author writes: some staffers had to bring in their own laptops with wireless modems in order to get on the Web It's rather frightening to think that White House staffers are using personal equipment on government networks, this is a clear vector for malware and worse. I think it could be used on any kind of catalog page to allow users to rotate the product image. Wonder what it would take to add a vertical scroll so you could rotate it in any direction. This kind of image manipulation is something I have no experience in. Just tried in Aquamacs 1.9, seems to work, except I have the Command key as meta (because of years of having the Meta key immediately to the left of the spacebar), so the M-h binding ends up hiding Aquamacs rather than moving focus left. There should be a way to correct that because Aquamacs disables some other standard Mac "Command-" bindings when using Command as meta. Presumably the victim's credentials (likely just a password or PIN, and possibly the proper response to a "secret question") were obtained with a trojan keylogger or some other means. The question is who's fault is that? Not really the bank's. The bank's claim that they honored a properly authenticated transaction is not completely unreasonable. What the court is really being asked to decide is whether simple password authentication is "reasonably secure." What are the alternatives? Seems that they'd have to use a physical smart card or fob device to generate one-time passwords, or use an alternate communication channel (email? SMS?) to verify that the authorized user is attempting to authenticate. Any of which substantially decreases the perceived usability of the system by a typical business customer. Nobody is forced to work for any wage, thus the "slave" analogy doesn't apply. If not enough people are willing to do a job for $5/hr, then the employer will have to either pay a higher wage or reassess whether he needs the work done at all. It's funny, algebra is when I first started liking math. I hated arithmetic and got poor grades because for some reason I could not memorize addition and multiplication facts very well so I was slow on the tests. With algebra I started to see that I could actually do something useful with math. It became more about thinking than memorization. Yeah a lot of the problems were contrived but at least it was more interesting than long division. Sadly that resembles most of the ASP/PHP code I've ever worked with. The very low barriers to entry of PHP and ASP means you have (had) a lot of very inexperienced folks writing code. That said, I agree with the original point that PHP can be very productive. No compiles, no builds... just edit code/refresh browser to immediately see the effect of a change. That's nice if you have the discipline to not do stuff like the linked example. Gives one second thoughts about the idea of self-driving cars zipping down the highway like a fluid in a pipe, never colliding or bunching up in traffic jams. Even *nix utilities have suffered the feature bloat problem. Many have so many option flags that they exhaust the letters of the alphabet, both upper and lower case, and move into the --wash-my-car-while-you-are-at-it styles. The saving grace is that for the most part, these obscure options are completely out of sight if you don't need them, but they do clutter up the man pages quite a bit. True, but if a human driver causes an accident it's treated as a one-off thing. If a software bug causes your auto-driver to veer into the oncoming lane under certain conditions, the manufacturer will be pilloried even if the raw number of accidents is less than what human drivers cause. Irrational, yes, but that's the way it is. I wonder why MS doesn't just build a browser around webkit and call it IE9. It's not like IE is a product that they make any money selling or anything. The photo caption calls it an "X" shaped object, and the last sentence sums it up: They have no clue about what this is, and they are still speculating about how this object was formed. Geeks would get to do some gloating, yes. But then they'd be happy. The general public would not know the difference or care one bit. Many schools have a district-wide system in place for this already, which ties the administrative grade records to a "family access" portal where parents and students can see their records. My kids' schools use the Skyward system. http://www.skyward.com/ A problem you'll have with any district that's already using a system like that is that teachers won't want to double-enter grades and assignments or use two different systems. And your basis for the contrary assumption is....? Apple was at a point in the late 1990s where they HAD to innovate, or die. Their series of fiascos with clueless CEOs and never-materializing products (Copeland) had pushed them to the brink of collapse. Microsoft has not yet had to face such a challenge, perhaps they will and emerge a reinvented, reinvigorated company like Apple, or they will continue to stagnate and eventually be another Wang in the history books. EDIT: typos I used to have that as my screensaver. It's been around for quite a while; I think there were several different implementations. It really fooled a lot of folks at the office who would approach me in the morning with serious expressions and say something like "something happened to your machine overnight... it keeps rebooting and blue-screening. When you quote a high rate you can always come down if you discover you really want the work for some reason. Once you throw out a number, that's the ceiling. IANAL but I think their claim is weak. "Site" + "Google"? OK, where did the "z" come from? They can't really claim dibs on any name that happens to end in "oogle" and your firm does not seem to have anything to do with web search. Domino Sugar once tried to claim that Dominos Pizza was infringing on their name, a claim which they ultimately lost. They've surely got the pockets to harass you and sadly you're going to need an attorney to respond to their complaint. "Official reasons" ??? The subhead of this blog states: Please note that opinions expressed within are mine and do not necessarily reflect those of Adobe. Real "fly by wire" software as is used by Airbus is presumably subject to very stringent testing and review. I wonder what the standard, if any, is for "drive by wire" systems? This doesn't make sense to me. Any "legacy" systems involved surely pre-date online account access by consumers. They would not have ANY password field or even any notion of a "user" in the sense of someone who is able to access a specific account. This would have all been built as a web application talking to the backend through a CICS gateway of some sort. The web app would be responsible for authenticating the user, not the legacy mainframe system. My favorite Tanenbaum quote I'm not against the idea of such software being open source, but I don't think it's a guarantee of quality by any stretch. I've seen and used (or tried to use) some hideously kludgy open source software. Douglas Crockford, who's website really opened my eyes to the capabilities of Javascript about 4 years ago, recommends only one book: JavaScript: The Definitive Guide (5th Edition) by David Flanagan Since he wrote that, he's also come out with his own book, JavaScript: The Good Parts . Disclaimer, I have not read either book, but I highly recommend his website: http://www.crockford.com Is there some kind of mandate that patent abstracts be written as run-on sentences? I don't use either, but if I need gmail to try buzz, it's a non-starter for me. The fact that drivers will not think to employ a variety of methods to slow down the car screams to me that there's something that doesn't exist, that should Real drivers education, and real demonstration of your competency to operate a vehicle before getting a license? ...the simultaneous user count grew from 10 to 50, then from 50 to 100 and so on. Each time the user count grew, I had to rewrite my code completely, because my software and hardware couldn’t handle it all. A nice real-world example of how getting something out there is more important than trying to achieve technical perfection first. He validated the concept, then worked out the technical issues as he scaled up. Meanwhile he had some revenue coming in to help fund development and hosting. Perhaps she had received information or suspected that she was going to be left out of that as well. Agreed, if you have a bug in a C program your first thought should not be that you're dealing with a problem in the compiler or standard libraries. However as you move farther down the chain, it's quite common to encounter bugs in open source code, especially in projects which have have a large body of "contributed" modules (I'm thinking of Drupal as a particular example, not to pick on that project, but I have found that the quality of contributed modules is generally not very good, excepting the modules that are widely used). Therefore I'd say that as a general rule, the likelihood of a finding bug in your "tools" is inversely proportional to the number of users your tools have. Jeff and I started out with a goal for StackOverflow of changing the way programmers and system administrators get answers to their questions on the Internet, which was deeply broken. In 18 months we’ve accomplish that Have they? Whenever I have a question the first place I turn is Google, and I usually find my answer on a site that's not stack overflow. TSA agents are sworn law enforcement officers. They train at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Academy. How many people actually care about URLs? At work I help with a drupal site and by default the URLs are going to be something like node/123 or even index.php?n=123 but some people freak about that and insist on "friendly" URLs. I ask "who types in URLs anyway" (other than the site root itself, maybe). People either bookmark them or are linked to them. Is this another "techie" blinder of mine? Am I wrong to think that the "average user" cares at all about what the URL looks like? It's OmniGraffle, you can catch a glimpse of the menu bar at around 0:44 or so. I believe they (McDonalds) are also the owner of Donatos pizza. At one point in the past they tried to start up a chain of restaurants modeled after Boston Chicken but it didn't last long. EDIT: It was called Hearth Express. I didn't realize they later bought (and then sold) Boston [Chicken|Market]. I'm not familiar with that work, but I was also going to say this is an illustration of how you can never really trust governments to always do the right thing. OK I just finished the first block (Subversion Reeducation) and one of the main points he makes is In Mercurial, every developer has their own repository, living on their desktop But if you read the subversion book, or any other good tutorials, you know that developers using svn can just as well make their own private branches So under branches/ I can have bob/ sue/ alice/ and they can have copies of trunk (or other branches) to their hearts content. So why is this a big "win" for Mercurial? (Will read the other sections later, no time now) Yeah it was called "It" during the pre-unveiling hype, while, everyone wondering what "It" was... I think Steve Jobs said something like "they are going to design cities around this thing." And now Boston says "This is a walkable city, not a Segway city." I thought it was because they were too obese to walk from one end of the mall to the other. What's weird is that you can think back and realize how random almost everything in your life is. For example, if I had gotten the job I applied for at Arby's when I was 16, in 1982, I would very likely never have met my wife, though I didn't meet her until I was 21. Parking is also one of the lowest-overhead ways to generate income from a property. Low cost to get started, and very little in the way of operating expenses and maintenance. Aquamacs: SHIFT-ALT-ENTER full-screens a frame. For side margins you can look at "fringe" settings. Just as a personal observation, I much prefer the traditional style. All these "I want..." and "Give me..." style dialogs make me want to vomit. At least on the surface, it would seem that the CC companies themselves have the most motivation to put a stop to this. Why are their anti-fraud departments not forwarding these sites to the FBI, getting court orders to shut down the domains (at least those hosted in the USA) working with big ISPs to get them blacklisted...? Is there some non-obvious reason that it's in the interest of the CC companies to let this go? Is there a lot of low-level fraud that customers never notice, and just keep making those monthly minimum payments? Mandatory paid subscriptions for content that is of value to the subscribers does work. Case in point our local newspaper, which requires a subscription to read content other than the classified ads. If you are not a subscriber, all you get are the headlines and a "teaser" sentence. Because the local news published here is not generally available on wire services or other sources, there is not really an alternative to paying for this content if you want it (other than buying a physical copy of the paper itself). It's really a question of the value of your content. If enough people are interested in it that you can make significant money with ads, you probably could also get people to pay for it directly. I think micropayments per individual piece of content would make the most sense here, i.e. I'm a lot more likely to pay $0.10 to read some interesting sounding thing than I am to commit to a much more costly paid subscription to your site. 1. Better for whom? Kodesh's feelings? WGAS? The guy was probably making 6, maybe 7 figures. He can handle the truth. Absolutely. They "almost missed the web" but then went on to have the dominant browser for over a decade. The history of Microsoft has been to let other people innovate. They did not invent the PC, the GUI, email, the web, the browser, spreadsheets, word processing or anything else that they now dominate the market in. AFAIK Linksys did not intentionally make the WRT54G hackable; they were forced into releasing the OS source when it was found that it was based on GPLed linux components. I think that's exactly what he's doing. He wants iPad/iPhone apps to work, to be elegant, and to be consistent. He wants the Android space to be full of sort-of-works crapware that you find when there are tools that let any half-wit drag-and-drop an app together. Heh.. I was actually job-hunting about that time. Wish I'd seen it.... He did. He used them. Even where states don't have such laws, responsible lending standards used to serve the same purpose. The traditional debt/equity ratio and payment/income ratios that were part of a mortgage loan qualification were relaxed or nearly eliminated in recent years, allowing many people to take on debt that in the past would have been seen as too risky. My first job after college (1992) was with Andersen Consulting. All new staff consultants went to a "boot camp" to learn how to program (they hired many people who did not have a programming background, as well as some who did). They emphasized "desk checking" as part of the development process (for this reason: submitting a compile job on the mainframe might have a turnaround time of hours). So, one of the assignments was to write a program, and desk check it until you were confident that it would compile and run correctly on the first try. It was a one-chance, pass/fail assignment: it either worked, or there was a compile or runtime error. Despite the derisive use of the term in this piece, there's nothing wrong with experiencing a "McJob". Two good things that could come from it are: you learn that this is NOT where you want to work for the rest of your life (or even another month) or you follow the path to franchise ownership that is available in most such jobs. Even if you don't go all the way with it, a hard working entry-level employee at a "McJob" can quickly advance in to management and learn quite a bit about how business really works. And get paid for it, rather than forking over tuition to learn about "stars", "cash cows", "question marks", and "dogs" If you're worried about it, get a loyalty card and provide fictitious information on the form. I've never been asked to provide any proof of identity to get a supermarket loyalty card. Though if you use your loyalty card and then pay with a credit card I guess they could link back to the "real" you. Years ago, when caller ID was becoming commonplace, a company (I think it was American Express) started answering customer calls by name--- "Hello Mr. Jones, how can we help you." This proved to be very unpopular with customers and they stopped doing it... they probably still use the caller ID but don't let you know that they are. 7) Don't call people engineers when the appropriate term is "developer" or "programmer" Yeah I've been with them since before Gmail and never considered switching. I hope the guys made out well financially in the deal. Nice to see the effort and dedication pay off for them. Yeah my parents were like that. The only things they did on the internet were pay bills and check their email (using Outlook web access, which not only works in IE6, it works a lot better than in Firefox). For the next few decades at least, there is no realistic replacement for oil. We need to understand why the safeguards that should have prevented this didn't work, and like with every disaster learn how to do it better the next time. As the owner of a middle-aged brain I think this is pretty much in line with my own experiences. I've always been bad about remembering people's names, and I don't think this has really gotten any worse over the years. My memory of trivial or unimportant things has eroded a bit perhaps; I rationalize this as my brain doing garbage collection. On the other hand I do think that I'm better at what I do than at any time in the past; I know more, I'm better at applying what I know; I know what approaches are likely to work and which ones have more risk. I certainly have not found that I "can't learn new things" though I am prone to being a bit more skeptical of fads and more appreciative of the time-tested and proven. Your website is useless to people who don't have Flash. How does Cisco (or any hardware company) ensure that their authentic, but still made-in-china products haven't been secretly altered? I'm not suggesting that we should not pursue nuclear, wind, solar, or other sources of energy. But even building out a nuclear electric generating capacity sufficient to replace our current oil needs would take decades. Wind and solar have theoretical potential but are certainly far from proven on that scale. And not without environmental impact of their own. In the meantime, we need oil. We should understand what went wrong here, and try to prevent it from happening again. Absolutely. I sum it up as: "What happens on the internet, stays on the internet". Where I work, everything.... EVERYTHING.... has to go through purchasing. Even a box of staples. I've never had a Facebook or MySpace account. I am on LinkedIn because a former boss was all excited about it and asked everyone to sign up, but I rarely log in or update my profile Facebook is a fad. It will be gone or irrelevant in 5 years. Just my opinion. Best thing I've found for oral hygiene is a Water Pik. It will really flush out your gums. Use lukewarm water, tap cold is painful at least for me. You can put some mouthwash it it too if you like. Since I've been using one my dentist has remarked on the noticeable improvement in my gum health. EDIT: This is in addition to regular brushing of course. I was wondering about browser support myself, and found this to be informative: http://www.deepbluesky.com/blog/-/browser-support-for-css3-a... If he writes software for manned spacecraft I think that would be terribly stressful: knowing that lives depend on whether or not there are any bugs in your code... I think if I wrote software like that I would be very likely to obsess over it. And please nobody suggest TDD. TDD has its place but it's not a holy grail and it only tests the tests you think to write. Even if your code coverage is 100% you have certainly not tested every possible input and path if the software is at all complex. Yeah I've learned the hard way that to say something works in a browser you have to test it in that browser. That version too. And with http and https (the latter sometimes behaves differently due to caching differences). Andersen. Yeah, I worked there. For about 11 months. "Today's internet content is dependant on Flash," said Grønvold. "If you remove Flash you do not have today's internet." That may be for some folks I guess. I run Safari with all plugins disabled and I'm able to do anything I want to do on the internet. To me, Flash is irrelevant. http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/CamelsandRubberDuckie... It's been many years since I took driver's ed but I don't really recall a whole lot of time spent on the subject of emergency maneuvering. It would probably be a really good idea if you have a kid learning to drive, or for yourself, to take a few lessons that include recovering from a skid (actually doing it, not just reading about it), drifting off the road, etc. etc. Sorry, I'm not buying into the concept. If selecting "Add -> HTML Element -> Body -> Div" on a menu is meaningful to you, you can write HTML and do it a lot faster than dealing with pulldown menus. Likewise, if you understand the logic you need to implement well enough to correctly diagram it, you can write the code to do it. And (with experience) probably do it faster. We've had tools that generate code from UML diagrams for a long time, but I don't know anyone who uses them. Another proposal to try to change people's behavior through the tax code. My guess is that the algorithms are already being adjusted. My fear is that a bunch of politicians who are as clueless as most everyone else are going to try use this as yet another opportunity to grab the spotlight. Expect congressional hearings. You also need a name that has some common usage. I have a decent vocabulary, but I did not know this word. Frankly, it sounds like a condition that might have one sitting on the toilet half the day. Just my $0.02 This is why Facebook will eventally fail. Someone will come out with something better, and they will be so mired in their own spaghetti that they will not be able to react. I guess the ad is invisible if you don't have a Flash plugin enabled.... Though it's popular to bash them these days, investment banking firms are an absolutely essential part of our economy. For all the complaining that "small businesses" do about bank fees, I wonder how many stop to think about how much extra volume those cards generate (albeit at a smaller profit). I'm old enough to remember the days when people had to carry cash or a checkbook to pay for their retail purchases. I cannot see any way that impulse purchases are not way up in the age of debit/credit card payments compared to then. And online businesses certainly wouldn't be where it is today without the existence of debit/credit transactions. I'm not speaking from firsthand knowledge, but I think that for the lower barrier to impulse buying, the reduced need to handle cash or worry about bounced checks, that it might well be worth fees that "averaged 1.63 percent of the transaction amount" Without college you will hit an HR brick wall at some employers, but likely these will be ones you wouldn't want to work for anyway. Sounds to me like your 5 years at MS is probably equal to or better than an undergraduate degree at least as far as technical competency is concerned. The F-bombs really don't add anything to an otherwise decent write-up. Use some more creative vocabulary. Regulations are generally the after-the-fact reaction to irresponsible, negligent, or ignorant behavior. The problem is, the folks who think that more regulation is the answer seem to think that the government regulators are benevolent gods who themselves never make mistakes, are not subject to greed, corruption, political influence, negligence, incompetence, etc. They should have titled it the 1000 most-visited sites except for porn. SQL Server is Microsoft's greatest software accomplishment and is a quite impressive body of work SQL Server is (was) Sybase, Microsoft bought the rights to fork it and sell it as SQL Server somewhere back in the late 1990s. So the accomplishment is not entirely theirs alone. MS has added a lot to it since then, no doubt. They've also developed a lot of nice administration tools, which is probably their smartest move. Especially 10 years ago, when properly administering an Oracle database required a DBA with deep knowledge of command line tools, config files, and Oracle internals --- and a high five to six figure salary --- whereas SQL Server even then was all point and click. Another (possible --- depends on your usage scenarios) drawback is that cell phone text messages are not always "instantaneous". I've personally seen lags of up to 30 minutes between send and receipt, particular in fringe reception areas. The military (in the form of the Coast Guard) has already stated that they do not have the capability to deal with this. Thad Allen, the Coast Guard incident commander for this oil spill, has correctly noted that all the technology and capability to address the problem is in the hands of the private sector, specifically BP and their subcontractors in this case. The federal government has some oversight and regulatory role here but they do NOT have any expertise in this. The military does not know how to cap oil wells. If the workload isn't much, can you work on your side project during the day after you've gotten your work responsibilities taken care of (or while you're waiting)? Scale it up a bit, and it's the same reason a lot of enterprises buy Oracle (or other big expensive proprietary software) when OSS alternatives would be suitable.... they want someone to call (or worst case, blame) when problems arise. IF they find out somehow, though, providing false information on an application/resume is grounds for termination almost everywhere. Yeah that is a risk. But if they're unaware that he's lightly tasked, would they be likely to realize that he's working on a side project 6 hrs a day? All in one gadgets are convenient but will never replace single-purpose devices for serious use. No Microsoft achieved dominance in the PC space because it was the "safe" choice. IBM PCs were not cheap back in the day, but neither were Selectrics and in the business world, "nobody ever got fired for buying IBM." Once Windows came along, businesses had the choice of keeping compatibility with their existing PC software and hardware or starting over with Macintosh. Most made the easy choice. And consumers who used PCs at work typically bought the same platform for home so they could install pirate copies of Wordperfect or Lotus 123 or Microsoft Word/Excel from the office. Unlike then, in the mobile space, and now the tablet space, Apple has won the huge market share position. Microsoft, Palm, and others have been working for years on the platforms but never quite got it right for the mass consumer market. Apple did. Will Android beat them? Remains to be seen but I don't see this as history repeating itself at all. The best one I saw, though not really a screenshot, was a photo on Craigslist... someone had used his cell phone to take a photo of a car he was selling, then used a web cam to take a photo of the cell phone screen, and then uploaded that. Grab has been around since NEXTSTEP. Was it really not in pre-10.4 OSX? Sigh. In 5 year's time I'm quite certain I'll still be spending 90% of my time in Emacs or a shell, just like I was doing 5, 10, 15, 20 years ago. In retrospect the beef lard was probably no worse than the trans-fat oil they replaced it with (they have since eliminated the trans fats). But the prior poster is correct... McDonalds fries have never been as good since they stopped using the beef tallow. I'm no fan of the Obama administration but if you watch any of the "analysis" shows on cable news channels it is clear that "stirring the hornet's nest" is a big part of how they operate. And I don't think it's a bad message to say "just because it's on the internet doesn't mean it's true" but I would say the same goes for any other media these days, including White House press releases. The airlines did not "steal" the passenger traffic... they offered something people wanted... a journey lasting hours instead of days. Are notebook users really mostly buying the notebook only to watch videos Yes, that and do a little email and Facebook. Most people who buy laptops (or any PC) are not programmers. What makes me laugh is the stuff that people post on their LinkedIn pages. I've never seen so much peacock strutting anywhere. Opportunity for an off-shore VPN service? Office on the Mac, lways (to me) felt like a kludge. It did not work like other Mac apps, it did not look like other Mac apps, and yet it did not work quite like it did on Windows either. There was Internet Explorer for the Mac also, it was even a bigger kludge than Office. I guess Apple thought they needed Office and IE at the time, but surely not because it was great software. In retrospect, I wonder if it really made any difference at all. The whole scenario plays out a lot like what led up to the Chernobyl explosion. Even after problems became evident there were several chances to shut down and avoid a catastrophe, but the safeguards, standard procedures, and warnings were ignored. What agenda is that? If this had been an ExxonMobil or Chevron rig, would the oil company be getting better treatment? Never, not ever. I read it as ever myself, at first glance. Is there really a market for refurbished hard drives? They are so cheap new. Puzzling in a way, though right? I mean this administration didn't hesitate to give AIG and Goldman Sachs very public tongue lashings. What's different about an oil rig company that screwed up? Same thing. I found a bug in a drupal module. Even went so far as to develop a patch to correct the problem. The module owners response? He complained about my choice of variable names. When there was a bug in a MySQL database being used by folks for chart review, standing there on the wards, I was able to securely get into the MySQL server back in informatics THAT doesn't sound HIPAA compliant.... The highest income people I know are in the trades... plumbers, electricians, concrete. They make far and away more than the programmers I know. Aside from nuclear energy, no known "sustainable" energy technologies have any hope of replacing a significant amount of the need for oil in the next several decades at least. The ultimate solution may indeed be "getting past oil" but that's a long, long way off. Absent some game-changing discoveries, it may not happen in our lifetimes. Parenting is a tough job, especially with your first child when you have no experience to fall back on. But OMG do I think they made a bunch of bad decisions with this kid. Letting a kid learn from his mistakes is one thing. But they did not educate him on the dangers of online chat rooms: they admit they had no idea what he was doing or looking at in his basement isolation. And letting the lice-infested homeless craigslist woman come live with them? I can't see any way to spin that as a good idea. "He's going to do it anyway" is a common rationalization among weak-willed parents who don't have the backbone to lay down the law. Is the trouble really worth it to save $200? It has to be one of those "just because I can" things for most people who do this, right? I saw Jobs give a presentation of NeXT's Enterprise Objects Framework (an early, even pioneering ORM) at a trade show in Chicago... during the presentation one of his NeXT machines crashed, and the audience got to see the system reboot on the big projection screen. I don't recall any real wisecracking... he just said "oops!" and maybe a little banter but did remain very calm and continued the presentation without really missing a beat. If I'm non-technical, the term "job" is throwing me a bit. I'm thinking job as in employment, which doesn't makes sense in the context. Maybe call it a "Harvest". "Harvest a document in seconds" instead of "Start a new job in seconds." The "New Job" button could be labeled "New Harvest" etc. Without having read this or the referenced PG essay beforehand, my thought was that the Segway did not take off because it makes you look like a dork. Similar to a unicycle in that regard. Some people don't care about that; most do and that's the big problem with the device. Indeed. I had a BSOD just the other day (in Vista). I don't know. I have worked with and around academics a few times. They can be surprisingly disorganized and crisis-driven/reactive. "Gets things done" is not exactly how I would describe the academics I've encountered. I don't think you need a finely polished UI to start with, but some wireframes or even hand sketches of what each page/screen/dialog will look like can be a very effective communication tool. Written use cases are great but a picture can truly be worth 1000 words. I process my mail like this: anything that's clearly junk goes in the trash immediately. The rest goes into a box. I process everything in the box at the first of the next month. Takes maybe 30 minutes to an hour. Set up your regular bills (mortgage, utilities, anything else with a draconian late fee) to be paid automatically. Might have been the one where he advises high schoolers to treat school like a day job. Not exactly the same thing as dropping out. You've been down voted here, but your post touches on some truth. As a parent your prime responsibility is not to "connect with" your kids and be their best friend. It is instead to be a provider, teacher, and role model. This often means doing things that your kids do not like. They may even say "I hate you" or something similar. Kids do not appreciate their parents until they are well into adulthood; I would venture to say that unless and until you have kids yourself you cannot truly appreciate your parents. And what you appreciate is not the milk and cookies and bedtime stories but the actual never ending nonstop no-breaks responsibility that is parenthood. My most successful weight loss was on a low carb, Atkins-like diet. It's not something I could see doing for a lifetime; I like fruit and good bread too much. The article contends that graphing your weight on a daily basis is a good motivator, and I agree with this as well. Doesn't have to be a computer graph either, a piece of graph paper posted on the bathroom wall by the scale does just fine. Reminds me of what pg said in one of his essays, to get into a good college you don't have to impress the professors: you have to impress the admissions officers, and they aren't nearly as smart. They are the NCOs of the academic world. Same largely applies to "classic" ASP and VBScript. You can write fairly well architected systems in that environment, but you have to discipline yourself to do it; the language won't really help you. Or, perhaps your brain is unconsciously working on the problem overnight and the solution is presented to your conscious self the next morning. I used to try to reach a "clean" stopping point before quitting work for the day, until I was advised that going home with problems outstanding can have benefits. It does seem that even if I'm not actively thinking about such a problem, I will have fresh perspectives the next morning. OOo does a decent job with XLS files (in my limited experience) but butchers PPT slides (also in my limited experience) I also didn't think it addressed a longer term perspective. I think that if someone throws out a "fact" that challenges some tenet I hold, I might be inclined to dismiss it at least in the immediate term. However as evidence mounts most reasonable people will at some point see that they have been mistaken and change their minds. If you believe the rumors, Verizon will be selling the iPhone in January 2011. Well the word that I presume offended you is in the title. Why did you click on it at all? Same thing happened to me in a fast-food drive thru. I was behind an elderly woman who was driving a Buick (no, really --- you see how these stereotypes gain traction). First, she overshot the pickup window. She reversed, but ended up too far away to reach the food being handed out. So she decided to get out of the car, but left it in reverse. As she got out of the car and her foot came off the brake, the car started to roll backwards (automatic transmission). She quickly sat back down and --- I knew what was going to happen but I could not go anywhere --- she stepped on the accelerator. Luckily she was only a few feet in front of me by then and the damage was confined to the bumpers. Some newer cars don't have a key, they have a pushbutton on/off "switch" (not really a switch at all, just a signal to the computer that the driver wants to start the car). To "force shut off" a running car in gear, you have to hold the button down for several seconds (think rebooting a PC by holding the power button down for several seconds). I recall at least a few reports, I think one was on a recorded 911 call and another observed by a state trooper following, that brakes were applied and after the car was ultimately stopped there was evidence (burned brake pads, brake rotors discolored by heat, etc.) that the brakes were in fact used. It may be that there were a few genuine throttle malfunctions which, once reported, brought all the "accidentally stepped on the gas pedal" accidents out of the woodwork. One of my first jobs was working at McDonald's. For a while I worked full time, 40 hours a week or more, all of it on my feet. I ate a LOT of their food, and this was back when they still cooked the french fries in beef lard. During that time I never had any issues with weight gain, cholesterol, or blood pressure. Just another way to exploit the human weakness for easy answers. If you're fat, losing weight and getting in shape is going to take work. Either discipline to eat less, or to do real exercise (3 minutes a day using some gadget is going to do NOTHING), most likely both. TINSTAAFL. I like to remind myself, when I read about these kind of studies, that everybody dies from something . It's not as if XP is a particularly BAD system. If the minimal amount of UI bling bothers you, it's easy to turn it off and have something that looks like Windows 2000 Professional. It's stable, it runs all the software most businesses need, and it more or less stays out of your way otherwise. All this assumes that x86 (compatible) architectures will still be available through 2020, something I think is not certain at all (and maybe this is what MS is counting on in making this promise) Agree, and I'd throw in the example of Drupal: the core and a set of well written contributed modules are pretty decent. The rest of the contributed modules are mostly hacked together, poorly documented, half-working garbage. Well nobody forces you to read the comments, do they? Ever been to Chicago? There's a check-cashing shop (they call them "currency exchanges") on almost every block. If you are willing to pay whatever percentage they charge to cash your payroll check, you can get by without a bank account. WHY people do this I do not know, but large numbers do. Crude oil is a natural substance. It leaks out of the earth all over the place. This is obviously an extreme case, but I think that with time, the environment will absorb this and return to some sort of normalcy. I think you've hit on why so many users keep everything on the desktop. They can have files and folders there (which most people CAN understand, by the way) but they don't have to deal with or see the rest of the file system (which they will inevitably stumble into pretty quickly using Explorer (or whatever file navigator app). I think anything beyond the simplest of automatic organization schemes will end up being confusing. I like to organize my files the way I want them organized. I can probably deal with all my pictures showing up under "My Pictures" but if it starts to try to do something like classify my documents by content it's going to depart from what I think "makes sense" pretty quickly. You presume that universal health care will lead to a healthier public Everyone knows who the bad teachers are, but it is a bureaucratic nightmare to do anything about it. This is one where parents can have an impact. As in most areas, the local school system here has a school that's in a "white collar" area and the students do well on standardized tests. Another school in the same system is in a more rural area and the students overall do not do as well on the standardized tests. Talking to some teachers who know, one big difference is that in the white collar area, the parents pay attention to what's going on in the classroom. If they think a teacher is slacking, they are calling the principal, the school board, and the superintendent until something is done. In the more rural school, few parents really challenge the administration to address issues in the classroom. Abosolutely. If kids cannot read, write, analyze problems, do basic math.... computers are a waste of money and a distraction from more fundamental concerns. Beyond "RSS readers suck", basically reading on a computer sucks. I can't do it for more than about 10 minutes without needing to rest my eyes. On the other hand I can sit and peruse the Sunday paper for an hour or more and not have any such feeling. I can get absorbed in a novel and read without a break for half the day. That's NEVER happened looking at a computer display. You overuse the word "awesome." Who will the two characters be in the Apple commercials? With PC vs. Mac we had the Bill-Gatesy looking guy straight out of accounting, and the cool laid back Mac guy. Who will it be for the Android vs. iPhone commercials? But optimizing for entrepreneurship and building companies results in a lot more opportunity for those who just want a job, right? Meetings Watch zoning on this. A mean-spirited neighbor could get you kicked out and fined if you're operating a business out of a residential apartment. If one of you actually lives there you're probably safer. Glad to see they linked Crockford's site. I discovered his site probably four years ago or so and it really opened my eyes to the capabilities of the language. I think anyone who wants to learn more about JavaScript should definitely include Crockford in his studies. Do you delegate any decision making authority to them, or do they just take messages? This assumes you aren't online, where nearly any shell script example you can think of is likely only a google search away. I don't think that anyone really spends days studying man pages anymore. Though it's nice that they are there when you need to look up something system-specific. I used ksh on HPUX in the early '90s and it definitely had searchable command history If Apple are so concerned with user experience that they are unwilling to throttle the iPhone to meet ATT's network limitations, then why did they partner with ATT to begin with? ATT are pretty generally perceived as having the worst wireless phone service in the USA, and that certainly dovetails with my personal experience. Could it be as simple as, in most societies, if you are poor, the more kids you have, the more welfare you receive. Also if the father is not around, you are more likely to qualify for welfare. When you reward a behavior, people tend to do more of it. I think a similar piece could be written with the title "How to tell a journalist from an anchor" I think a similar piece could be written with the title "How to tell a journalist from an anchor" 10 years to get a PhD!! Ten years is about 1/4 of your "working" life.... The problem is with the scanning of the bar codes. I think that the checkout clerks develop a technique for passing the items over the scanner quickly yet in such a way that the barcode is read on the first pass. In the self-checkout lane I often have to move the item back and forth, turn it a various angles, before it finally scans. I'm about 10x slower than an experienced checkout operator. Then, if you're buying alcohol or anything in an aerosol can you have to have your ID checked which is another slowdown. If I'm buying more than about 5 items I will get in the regular checkout or "express" line rather than self services, even if there's no waiting. This is really the point I think: companies need to give front-line customer service reps more authority to resolve problems, deviate from scripts, etc. Of course this requires hiring people who are creative and can think on their feet, and probably paying them enough so they are motivated to be helpful. Which is why most customer service is staffed by low-paid scripted drones. You mention downgrading/canceling... this is the ONE thing you cannot do on any customer service site I've been too. Verizon .. ATT .. Comcast... try to find a "cancel my service" button. You can order new services all day long, but to cancel you've got to call the customer service phone number.