My reading list revolves around two areas which I wish to qualify the following way: Job/Career/Technical competency related: 1. Perl blogs, Iron man blogging challenge, reading modern perl books from chromatic and associated blogs. 2. I make it a point to read whats the next interesting/challenging thing in my area of work. 3. Read questions on PerlMonks, Stackexchange. 4. Other tech stuff. General Hackery: 1. Hacker news. 2. Tidbits collected from twitter and other places. Current affairs. 1. news.google.com As an Indian myself, let me explain how things work here. Like everywhere else there is a regular mix of people in India. But what one needs to really understand is that sheer volume of people in India highlights the rat race that exists in all societies at a level of contrast that attracts these articles. In most cases, the people are from humble beginnings or from small towns and cities. And the effects of the pre FDI days still continue to exist. The mentality among parents is that opportunities are scanty, hence need to be treated precious. This leads a lot of conservative thinking. Actually right from early days of our post-independence era, the only way some one could really well off financially was to either be a doctor, engineer or do a real big business with a lot of initial investment. The other options remained joining the military or civil services. Having said all that opportunities, both in terms of jobs and college seats were very little. Most people in the previous generation have either worked in process based factories, or small time shops like grocery shops or other places. There fore the perception automatically is "study well for a seat in a professional college else you are doomed". Now opportunities being scanty and people looking for them being more, automatically makes people go to the limits to get what they want to get. Hence just to pass exams there are books, guides and tutorials which focus on only scoring marks! Add to that the IT boom has led to opening of "only on paper" kind of colleges where people enroll just to get a degree. I hope by now most people understand why its important. Its important as we have linked education to money, jobs and earnings. The purpose of education is to learn and use the learning to add some value or what pg calls create wealth. Whereas by linking education to all the material stuff we automatically create a rat race. The solution is simple, award work not words(Degree abbreviations) next to one's name. Jobs must be given to one's who can 'do', not the ones who just 'know'. Having said all that, I can honestly say there are a lot of good people who make genuine attempt to learn and build stuff. Its just that our country is really big. And like everywhere else, it will take time to overcome this huge inertia and bring in education reforms. Government is already working towards that, they have introduced laws to bring in Grades in place of Marks and much more is in progress. The problem is people have a notion that people from big-brand colleges will always do well. Though this isn't true always. But I think that helps at some degree in eliminating false positives. From my experience I see, often the best paid are the ones who hop jobs very often. They would have very little experience and ability to work. And often don't work at all. But they would have strong associations/connections and would have worked for big brands. And the HRs hiring some how think that coming out a big brand automatically makes you more qualified for that job. The net result is a certain section of people(inefficient) go round and round every 1.5 years. The same talent pool keeps circulating between companies. Sooner or later their bluff is called and companies reach to a conclusion that there is no good technical talent in India. Which is of course wrong. On the other hand, good folks who tend to hang on for some time learning and working for long term projects are treated badly, denied promotions and hikes. After all this the system still wonders why the good folks are not in enough supply. It's simple, we don't reward meritocracy and we don't get people with merit. Although this seems the easiest way out, but I don't think we should give into the demands of the system. For a while going away to US or the West has been the aim of our youth and needless to say this has caused significant amount of brain drain. The society is resistive to change, but change they will finally some day. For example, a relative of mine immigrated to the US in the 90's. And is a successful doctor there. Now sometimes when he comes back for a vacation he wonders it was not such a good decision after all. There are plenty of opportunities in India. And you can economically well off too. On the other hand. The cost of living in the US is too high, for the conservative and savings driven lives of Indians it becomes a little to get adjusted there. You life is driven by perpetual debt and insurances. Ultimately it looks like money is not for your luxury but you are for the luxury of money and big banks. Sure the infrastructure is a lot cleaner and there are high rises, it may feel like you in heaven for some time. But on a longer run, spending your whole life paying off bank loans, credit card debts and all sorts of loans and debts. At the end of it you feel all that was not worth it. Flipkart did well because they executed the Idea well. They still have a long way to go. But last time I checked they too hire and give a lot of preferences for people from IIT's. Oh, I can tell this isn't just a thing about your company but nearly all companies in India these days. Yes arranged marriage market is a crazy place, Unless you have a tag 'manager', 'architect' the prospective girls don't care much about the boy. And this is understandably so, some time in the 90's and early 2000's the IT sector grew rapidly and promotions and hikes happened regardless of your worth. I even know people who have just got into the industry an year or two, did some testing and report writing. Pushed and sent to an onsite location like US or Europe and the third year you are back, you are promoted to be a manager. The middle level management in most IT giants is rotting with inefficient talent promoted early. There fore the assumption with the current generation is regardless of their merit they need to go to the 'promised lands'(US and Europe) in an year, get promoted to a Managerial designation, book a flat, buy a car, marry with heavy dowry and settle down. That's not happening these days. So most resort to job hopping. Some even hop jobs every eight months, whats more hilarious is.. Companies giving hikes to people who hop jobs but not to the ones who stay and perform. Adding to this regional politics in office spaces, drives the genuinely good guys crazy. Yes, but partly the rapid growth in the 90's and early 2000's is also responsible. Most of them, heck nearly 95% of them got rapidly promoted regardless of their merit. The problem is the moment is start offering good compensation people flock to such opportunities, some how mug up a few interview questions, read some stuff and join the company. And then do nothing there, just relax. After two performance review, when the milk is clear from water they just happily go the next job with the same interview trick. So now they earn well and don't perform either. The actual thing is to spot and retain good talent. Not just the start up in general its a little to hire good developers in India. Not because they are unavailable, but because they are often lost in the huge crowd rush. The general good folks that come out IIT's and REC's do either join a company like Google or alike. Or Write a entrance exam like CAT to work for some investment bank. Or do their MS in US and permanently plan to settle down some where in the west. In other words they just don't want to be a part of the system at all. Barring a few. The other good folks have a very terrible problem they are forced to run with the crowd. Often they get hired by the IT big giants. The scenario there is pretty different. In the 90's and early 2000's most of them in such companies got promoted very early to managerial designations, went to onsite location like the US. Got very rich due to stocks, money earned in foreign location(due to foriegn exchange) and the hikes from promotion. They have a lot of money and give a damn on how things run, they have nothing to loose after all. When folks join such big companies often these are the sort of people whom they meet and are forced to draw inspiration from. Most managers have hardly coded and don't know a jack about technical stuff.And since the hurry is to now become a manager, buy a flat, a car, marry with rich dowry and settle down. The struggle happens on three counts and chief being get rich as early as you can, BY ANY MEANS you can. So since now becoming manager is the key, most don't want to code at all. Some how fight, do politics(Which is very common here, due people from so many languages and regions mixing together. there is severe politics and biases towards there respective people) and go to onsite. And if this doesn't happen, go job hopping until you get it. The sad fact is companies reward jop hoppers but the sincere ones who for long time and perform. I even know few folks who have hopped 5 jobs in 4 years, consider themselves Java expert and don't even what CLASSPATH is. Once they get the tag of 'lead' or alike they think they can just give orders and have servants do the job for them. This how 95% project managers and other designated alike work here. Adding to that to 'CYA' they purposefully promote inefficient folks, I think they a feel a good guy is direct threat to their own position. The net result is more and more less risks projects are taken by Indian IT giants there days. Most of them in just bench testing and infrastructure management like IT support. And some times the managers are so inefficient they can't execute those projects properly. Now coming to actually talented folks, we are terribly frustrated crowd. As self taught programmers(From other branches of engineering) and despite our hard work and merit we can neither go to companies like Google, because they treat non-CS and non-IIT folks like 'mud blood muggles' nor work for start ups. Start ups are mostly from MBA types who believe some how idea is all that matters and programmers are like typists whom they can just use and throw. There is no easy way out of this problem. At least with the current social set up in India. Sometimes I feel I must immigrate to the US( Like Russians did frustrated with the system there.). But no, this is my country. I will stay here and fight the system. And will do everything I can to make my country a better place and have genuinely good guys get what they deserve. For the most part I think what the user edw519 tells is perfectly correct. If you sure of your competency and confident that you can actually be 10x or 100x more productive than other than you must work for somebody who pays you 'per unit of work done' rather than somebody who pays you lump sum. Unfortunately unless you make people pay for services they don't recognize your worth. Back here in India, like every where else good hackers don't get noticed until they make some noise. On the other hand even below average programmers who hop jobs often are paid real good packages. The way companies think of it is, that in any project if there say a x people. x-80% people work well, and are expected to compensated for the work of x-20% people. At the project level when the productivity data is measured, it turns out productive people have averaged out the unproductive data of the other crowd. So on a company wide policy basis a uniform hike applies, since data suggests productive was around industry average. The actual work of productive guys never gets displayed at all. This is just day light fraud, and a very scandalous way of rewarding people. The best are human beings too! I mean even the best work in two ways. Build on best principles already known, and make your own best principles. The first depends on how much you know, how much time you have taken to learn, implement, practice and perfect. The second depends on how far you can see. In either case you can always overlook or fail to predict the even the easily foreseeable future. And that happens due to many reasons plain human error, or even over confidence which is some times the case with the best. The best way out of this problem is what Jeff Atwood had blogged some time days back. Is to keep failing, and keep failing in different ways. And each failure needs to be translated into to lessons of some sort and then the solution of it a best practice. Even the Netflix model of failing purposefully will do. There is no way the best can be flawless. Nothing is flawless, so as long it is done by a human. Unfortunately the humans in reference here are supposed to be the best of the lot. This brings in the eternal question during times of crisis ,how are the best very different than the mediocre or the average? If not then with little hard work and smart work here and there any body can beat these 'best' during non crisis times. And during the crisis time all are same any way. Probably that's why there are a lot of successful companies even with average talented people. Not only is XML shoe horned for purposes where it doesn't belong to, but also people who know only XML tend to use it so badly that it brings bad name to technologies associated with it. I work for a project that has involvement in a lot of technologies like Java, Perl, C and C++. Now the problem is somehow there is assumption that its difficult and costly to hire good C/C++ programmers. So what is the path taken? They tend to replace everything with Java. Now comes the actual issue, its easy to hire programmers who know Java. They come in volumes. Just post a hiring Ad, and thousands will land up at your doorstep next day. The actual issue is how do you separate the good ones from the bad ones? Once you hire such programmers, you have to deal with technology addiction. Things like eclipse, XML etc the whole project begins to revolve around such things. In my project nearly everything is XML, config files, DB, persistence you name it. If its on a file its XML. This JSON in XML which is surprising most of you folks already exists in a lot enterprise code bases. Project managers seem to have a narrow vision, debates on issues like these terminate with 'It works, so we just don't care'. I'm not against IDE's. But when your programmers can't do a simple deployment on test boxes, can't figure out even simple commands. All under the excuse of 'I only use eclipse', It begins to show up on the language community. Java in it self is not bad. But by reducing the barrier to entry to such low levels you are opening door for all sorts of toxins to come in. I see Python is the next Java in making. Masses are flocking to it. As it usually turns out to be, most of them horrible. They just contagiously corrupt the whole community, spread the disease and once they are done destroying it they move onto some thing new. After all you need to do something for a Job. I know parsing XML with regular expressions is a sin, but when you need to get some data out a 20 GB XML immediately in the next 10 minutes. It turns out that its better to check out the layout of the XML, use combinations of grep, sed, awk , perl with pipes just to serve the need for the moment. This is better than spending next 5 hours writing a Java program to do it. Its not a permanent solution, but either way that Java program and the shell hack are both going to do the very same. I would rather use the shell and do it, rather than spend the next 5 hours with Java and eclipse. There is interesting side to this example of yours. Terseness and its power have never been appreciated by the masses. The average programmer needs a tool, that can match his level of competence. This isn't just true in Data formats but also true when it comes to technologies. Java and Python, are loved by the masses today for that very reason. So as long as eclipse and its Ctrl-Space takes care of 'filling up the blanks' most programmers will use it. Beyond that everything is irrelevant at least for the masses. Now one fine day a cool Perl/Lisp/C programmer comes around and shows a you how you could do all that with more compact code along with flexibility and power and people suddenly realize what fun they were missing for years. Verbose stuff tends to get very famous for a while and then just fades away with time, never to be seen again. This whole thing about not speaking about something wrong ultimately leads to right stuff being lost. Enterprise vendors like IBM are always in the hunt of giving the industry something that forces volumes of people to use it, and then design tools around it that make people addicted to it. Just put a auto completion feature in a couple famous IDE's to enable this happen, and see how many people use it without caring what, why and how of it. Then one fine day there is situation that most of the programmers in the market are trained to use it and if you have to run a project you to hire them and let them to what they want. And then the technology adoption grows. Its not OK just to remain silent. Proper criticism is needed often, it helps things evolve in the right direction. I agree with you. Actually I'm not too much in favor of XML either. Somebody high up in the hierarchy attends a few conferences here and there, reads the IBM journal. All along the word 'XML' gets repeated some 1000 times. So the impression he gets is, XML is going to add value to everything it touches. Most developers like me have no say in that at all, we have to just use it. I prefer the hack to get it just done. But agree with you, none of that is a permanent solution. The thing about Bangalore IBM'ers I'm from Bangalore myself and can say that you are 100% correct. The whole thing is IBM Bangalore is actually composed of IBM services, and most of them service projects. I have many friends working there, and its just another Indian company. Its your usual job hoppers who know nothing but keep moving from one company to another just for hikes. To more about the state of affairs here, read my comment on another thread - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2480368 Big companies divide their company internally into many units. Things like research, services or even on basis of Industry verticals like Banking, Communication and Entertainment. The units in IBM that work on Mainframes and Supercomputers et al, are totally different than the ones that execute maintenance and service projects. The people, the culture everything is different. India/Bangalore/Rest of India situation has become a joke to say at the least. Words like 'Architect', 'Consultant' , 'Tech lead' are all dangerous words here, generally a person who has that designation is useless, hasn't done any work at all. During 90's and early 2000's most people got rapidly promoted regardless of whether they deserve it or not. They have hardly coded, spent most of the times at on site locations made good money and are now just relaxing and pushing time. Managers have no frigging clue how projects need to run, architects don't even have basic technical skills. The assumption is that you can just give orders to juniors and get the job done. That is how most of the so called seniors work here. Good hackers/programmers are never rewarded due to many reasons. The horrible ones hop jobs to get good hikes and ultimately end up earning more than the good guys. The general attitude of the guys joining the industry is not be technically good, never code, just get promoted quickly, go to onsite, earn money in USD, purchanse a flat, car, marry and settle down. And these sort of guys were actually rewarded during 90's and 2000's. So now everybody wants to be like that. The actual good guys are there, but are lost in the crowd. This is like saying - 'I gave you a job so now I can treat you the way I want'. This sort of attitude is what fueled passions for communism. It keeps labor unions alive and general strikes perfectly acceptable. Because the employers some how have a attitude that they own employees and they are doing some great favor without which employees would have to starve to death.Giving job to someone is two way business, The guy needs you and you need the guy. I would take serious offense if my employer tries to behave like god and then treat me like a dog. It hurts more if the treatment is subjective, meaning a few people are treated well and a few aren't. And even more if I'm meted out such treatment solely on the basis of my color, religion or any other thing like for example sexual preference. I don't think that's true. Speaking of India, I can tell you since I'm from India... You can't possibly imagine the food crisis here. We are nation of people with millions of people not having access to even to meal even once a day. And that is not by option, but they simply have no way out. We have farmers committing suicide almost everyday, there is no water or very scanty amounts of water in many parts of the country. Unlike the US where is there is proper planning and good infrastructure(Irrigation, equipment, fertilizers, information, equipment etc) for agriculture. Farmers here back in India are purely dependent upon rains(Monsoons) and ancient methods of planting seeds(using cows). The land is often passed on from generations to generation and undergoes division as a part of inheritance due to which most farmers never get a large chunck of land. Adding all this the farmer productivity is very low, there is no support from the government, no rains, no equipment etc etc. And Farmers really are very poor and not as productive as ones in US. And prior to this there was slavery sort of set up, where you give away your whole life for a land lord. The country is very big, and there are too many people. The prices keep on rising. The middle class can't afford even grains and vegetables let alone meat and other stuff. The poor hardly get a meal a day. And few just eat a single roti(Indian flat bread) with salt for the whole day. Compared to this the Americans are feasting everyday. AMERICANS ARE LUCKY, I repeat AMERICANS ARE LUCKY. You are lucky to be eating stomach full everyday, You are lucky to be worrying about iPhones and not hunger and diseases. Be grateful to God and thankful. There are many places in the world where there aren't even the most basic necessities what you take for granted. I don't know about the whole asia, but processed food is very scanty in India. Most of the processed food is Jams, Ketchups etc. Which is hardly consumed by the poor. But unlike the US its very easy to buy fresh stuff here. Near the villages and country side most of it metal. Most due to high durability. But in Metro's Plastic is pretty famous and is widely used. Its in our culture to carry tasty food cooked by moms to schools/offices. But it seems like that culture is changing big time. McDonalds et al, have started offering good enough meals for 40 rupees onwards(less than $1 approx). Having said that, 40 rupees very unaffordable for a lunch meal. Even for a software engineer. Dining in all these McDonalds sort of restaurants is considered as for rich people. >>The workforce for the dhabbawallas is cheap and they live on a fairly low income. The way I understand it only a certain caste are dhabbawallas (correct me if I'm wrong). You need to understand the way this system works. In India the smaller cities and towns have virtually no opportunities if you want to financially well off. There fore the metros are flocked. When such a large population of people gather at a city. There are huge opportunities for anything and everything. Tiffin delivery system is one such opportunity. You will see many other things in India. Roadside Coffee, tea and cigarette vendors. In the US you people buy everything in super markets. But here vegetables are sold by people who wander street by street selling vegetables on push carts. Heck there is even a market for people who take care of your slippers when you leave them behind while entering a temple/mosque. Even though what they earn is very meager and may be nothing. But at least they have some means through which they can fill their stomachs. So dabbawallah's may be earning purely on basis of volumes alone. Not exactly, there is difference between offering quality of service out of professionalism and offering quality of service out of the fear that if you don't some body else will and take away your job. And if you lose your job you have no other option but to starve(With your family and kids). Its a little bit to imagine this in the US, partly because you haven't even the outside idea what sort of poverty is there here in India. They are not the same. And that sort of desperation can't be felt unless you are in that situation. Travel in the Mumbai local once and you will know why. You may probably even feel wearing clothes is a burden. And this isn't the case only during peak hours, this is the situation 24x7. Except that Fedex and UPS will never be able to beat that price. For a simple reason Fedex and UPS do it for profit and Dabbawallah's do it for poverty. That is already there from a long time. Mobile phone charges have become dirt cheap. Sometimes free calls to some 10 numbers, billed per second(1ps per second). There are pre paid cards. For even 25 rupees(25 cents). You can even avail internet access for a day! From some carriers. I hope you are getting a glimpse of how messy the market is here. Its about priorities. Lunch/Food is something that impacts your health over time. I know time is a priority, but if you are not healthy nothing else matters. A sick persons time hasn't much value. So now do you understand why tiffin boxes are made of metal. Not that microwaves can't work with plastics or all sorts of plastics. But because most people in India can't afford to buy a microwave at the first place. This has motivated me to somehow contribute to Python now. Although I have been Python/Perl programmer for a while. Other projects need this sort of stuff to attract contributors. Will be nice if Perl can also do this. This will help Perl 6 efforts a lot. The trouble isn't in installing git, or interacting through mailing lists. The trouble is in getting started. In order to contribute to something(fix a bug/develop something new) one has to understand what the expected behavior of the software is, how is it deviating from the current behavior. How and what can one do to correct it. This involves understanding of many things. Technology, the programming language and some CS areas. All of this most of the times a little out of reach of the ordinary day to day to programmer. The problem in simple words is 'The barrier to entry' to contributing most Perl/Python interpreter kind of projects is too high. You need to know a lot to do anything there. I think that prevents most people from contributing even if they want to contribute. When the process to doing something becomes easier it acts as a catalyst to doing things(Increases the pace of things, makes people less stressed out). But that itself doesn't increase the total number of new projects. Doing something new is totally different. What it takes to do nobody knows very clearly. This question has eluded humanity since its existence. You don't find Pyramids like the ones Giza in all ancient civilizations. You don't find literary works like that in India in any other ancient civilization. Sure the process to do anything in those societies may have been a catalyst.But starting something new totally depends on the quality of people who are there and in what many volumes they exist. While git might have made contribution easier, it will not make number of new projects higher. We must leave the obsession with the iPad aside for a moment. The whole idea is to deliver educational content through a hand held device. The thing here is there are many parameters attached to it. First is the device, then the content delivery itself has a cost(Internet subscription et al) then the maintenance of devices etc. So the cost of the device is not the only thing. There are many incremental costs. Most of this is definitely out of the reach of the people who actually need it. $500 is a lot of money for people in my country. Most may be earning only 1/5th of that in the whole month. Average salary of a teacher in India a around $150 a month. Which is around $5 a day average. How do you expect mass technology adaption with these sort of expenses? Too much knowledge doesn't imply too much work, You are right. In fact what matters like always is the execution. If you have a process to remain productive, what matters is to execute that process well and with discipline. That process might not be very great or best in class, but well executed bad ideas always lead to better result than badly executed good areas. Here is my hack for remaining productive. Which I have tinkered after reading David Allen's 'Getting things done'. I have a table which has the following common fields. Task, Deadline, Started, Finished, Log, Priority and Next Step. A little modified from David's actual GTD. This table helps me do many things, first plan my tasks, next set a deadline to achieve it. Started and finished fields help me measure how much time I have taken to get it done. Log gives me an idea of complexity. Priority decides what needs to come next after what. Next step keeps me on tip of heels always generating new work for me. I review this every night before going to sleep. And at least once a day if I'm hitting the daily deadlines. Now comes the most important of all, its called 'DISCIPLINE'. If one is not disciplined none of this ceremony works. Infact I would say better get disciplined before you get into all these techniques. Discipline is a personality trait, It has to be developed with patience, perseverance and practice. You don't get disciplined by tinkering /etc/hosts you get disciplined by making it happen even without tinkering /etc/hosts. Another important part is review. You must review your progress every now and then. My review happens every Sunday afternoon, the review happens by measuring what I have done. What will I do and is all that really sufficient to meet my daily, weekly, monthly, six monthly, yearly and then life goals. I make it a point to apply this not just to work, but even to my hobbies. My music practice and other stuff. Most of the users here have suggested very fine ways of measuring productivity I guess I will employ some of those techniques during my review process. The problem might be 'Hopeless Engineers' as you term it. I don't think certifications can correct people who do it just to get a job. The general way of passing certification by the masses is to get dumps of previous years questions from the internet or friends. Read the the book, mug it up as much as you can. Read the questions and clear the certification. This is bad, very bad in fact. Its amazing things like this happen from time to time, even things like storing passwords in plain text. This goes on to show only two things, either utter negligence and lack of seriousness on the part of designers or just that they are not aware of even the very basics of computer security. Engineers passing out of colleges with just degrees and some out side memorized bookish knowledge. Copy pasting snippets of code from the internet when they are asked to write code. Just doing minimal feature compliance tests. Lack of idea of seriousness of jobs they are doing. Failure to understand the overall architecture. And hopping jobs when this sort of things happen. A ideal approach to computer science security is to have professionals obtain licenses. All people working on security must obtain a license. And failing on things like this must attract penalties and punishments. How does that justify not using one's brain? Well the problem is simple. Some things break or get messed up. Now a root cause analysis is done and its found if a particular thing had been taken care of, the problem would have been avoided. So now what is the step taken? The solution to the root cause analysis is put as a 'checklist' and now applied to everything or when something is done. And this is put in as a process. Do this, do that... every time you deploy or code something. Now here comes the problem, the people who write the checklist understand that its only a guidance rather than a compliance document. People who come later or those who don't think take the both the process and checklist as some sort of document which if you adhere to, your job is done. And anything and everything else can be done without proper testing or thinking. This goes on until something breaks again, root cause is now found and it goes into that checklist. Its this sort of approach to technology and programming that is creating all the problems in software today. No certification can fix this problem. Supply always meets the demand and not the vice versa, A more appropriate question to ask is 'Why is there so much demand for crappy engineers in India'? The current form of education system is very different than what existed during the immediate post-independence era when the reforms were carried out. The entire Indian Industry and people passing out on the basis of their jobs in those times could be classified into the following categories. First and foremost, The elite, the civil services, UPSC et al. Next opportunities in the defense services, Next came government jobs(clerks, small time accountants etc). The private sector jobs were limited to factories(Process based jobs) like ITI, BEL, HAL etc. Then small time business men. So depending on them the general qualification were BA, BCom and Industrial training courses(Welding, electrician etc). Medicine and Engineering were considered elite, the demand and supply was both limited. For a while India had a Gulf boom, many people went to gulf to work. But real turn around happened after Manmohan singh's FDI's reforms in the early 90's. This is when the outsourcing market took off and the IT boom started and demand for both crappy colleges and engineers went high. During that time, it was easy to get promoted and work in a foreign country. Due to all this every tom,dick and harry got promoted and became a millionaire. Even if he was moron and knew nothing and did nothing. The market was such that all this could go on. Now the entire Indian IT's middle management is rotten. The expectations of the current generation is very high. The college grads think they can easily promoted to be a manager in 3-4 years so they need not have to be technically good. All this has led to horrible state of affairs that exists today. The scary thing is good people are never rewarded and bad ones some how keep making money through job hopping. >>When you look at it in a different way. Would you rather have more engineers than less? I would go for more. At the expense of quality?? Literacy isn't the same as education. And because of this sort of things its that Indian IT isn't able to take any thing more than IMS projects today. The managers haven't the slightest clue how to run projects, and engineers haven't the slightest clue how code, design and build. No point in having paper degrees if people can't work! Money comes from work not from degrees! And its not about passion, its about doing one's job properly. And that can be done even without the burning passion. If my job is that of a coder, I should be able to do my job properly even if I don't have the passion to write the next big OS kernel. And the employment opportunities, how can we sustain getting business when we can't deliver on the current ones? In India too its the same, the actual smarter ones end up earning less than the morons. May be you get what you reward. You reward crappy programmers you get crappy output. Sorry I refuse to believe in this. Last time I checked, Good folks in India come out irrespective of the college. I know a lot of IIT'ians who really put the name of the Institute to shame. Eating on a brand name has been a long used strategy by people in India. I am Indian, and I refuse to believe to this 'cheap' meme. FYI, as per Indian standards most of these crappy programmers are paid really well. In most cases better than the good programmers. The thing about good productive programmers is same as that in the US, they tend to stick around for long time in one company, take time out to learn and master the trade. And are not usually on the job lists. On the other hand, due to rapid growth it has become fashionable here for the bad folks to hop a job often. The trick is simple, the performance evaluation happens every year in most companies here. Before their performance is even judged, they fly to some other company. Hiring is often done by HR's. They are given a template of standard questions flicked from the internet. Most of which are factual and don't test a candidate analytical ability. Questions like 'What is a class', 'Can you define X'. If you memorize the answer you can easily pass the interview. There are dumps of questions available for clearing common certifications like SCJP et al. They say some jargons in interview, negotiate a good salary and join the company. By the time their performance is evaluated in the company they go to some other company. This is what is happening in India currently. The good folks are there but they are invisible and often lost in the crowd. Most of the productivity tips seem to be another way of describing David Allen's 'Getting things done'. Some times the described method is either close, a little different or some times badly. The whole idea revolves around a few things. First being goal, goal itself can be divided to lifetime, half life, 10 year, yearly, monthly all the way granular to daily goals. In order to achieve the goal you need planning, hence you make To-do lists or others forms of tracking mechanisms with deadlines. Once this is done, the working on the list seems to be a matter of two things discipline and tracking. Tracking implies some sort of measurement. And then finally reviewing and course correction.Doing this in the intervals of your goal periods. And there is always that 'next step' that David Allen describes in his book. That is all there is to productivity, the crux is to get organized. If you do this simple stuff you can solve and manage most of the stuff that is out there to manage. Not exactly an OS, but to replace C the language will have to become the lingua franca for performance(read speed) critical applications. C has wide adoption not just in writing Operating systems but in other equally challenging areas of CS namely databases and compilers. Modern day applications like webservers, middle ware layers and caching applications are all written in C(or at maximum C++). Not to mention, C syntax is almost every where. So there are many trained programmers already here. If go needs serious adoption Google will have to do the following things. Develop killer apps in Go, give the world few things written in Go the world just can't live without. Write real cool tutorials/documentation/recipes and manuals for Go. Take it to enterprise have you people talk in every other conference on the Globe, convince universities to teach it. Make sure the day to day programmers has all the right tooling, support and batteries to use Go everyday. Sun did a lot of this stuff to promote Java. I think there is a lot to learn from that. I don't think it will make sense to re write a Unix-like operating system in Go again! or other one. Google can release something else, like high performance webservers, databases or other web infrastructure. They are in as much demand as probably an operating system. And they make good applications for a killer app. Its a little difficult to beat 'Ideas done right, first time'. For the very same reason it will be difficult to replace Lisp(grouping all its flavors here), Perl(CPAN, power, flexibility, freedom, rapid prototyping, extensibility, help, documentation, support, regexes-text processing), C, Unix etc. Despite their inherent flaws they haven't gone away, no matter how attractive alternatives exist. Because they solve certain set of problems so well, you just can't do without them. Even tools like sed and awk have their own niches and uses, and replacing them with something else is just isn't going to happen. Not true, I remember a few years back being a major Perl shop. The advice from senior guy in the hierarchy to use Python was 'If Google is using it, it must be good'. And I know whole bunch of people around me in many projects used it just because of Google. Every tool has its own merit Python is nothing special in this regard. Python's low barrier to entry has invited many newbie's to pick it up in a day or two and get going with solving problems. But it has its own flaws and isn't that great as often people project it to be. My own experience with Python, after being a heavy Perl and Ruby user isn't that good. Especially if you are coming from a language like Perl, Python as a language has an interesting trend. At first you feel very happy that things are so simple with it. Then slowly once you learn the language and start getting deeper into it, you try to use it for day to day work. Suddenly you realize that text processing sucks badly, something that is very big problem on Unix based environments. Writing a single regex takes a 10's of lines of exception handling. You try to use it for quick dirty scripting, again the language runs out of steam very soon. Its just too verbose for scripting class. Now coming to more important reasons. Sacrificing power for readability might be great for newbie's but isn't good experienced programmers. Lack of multiline lambda's, no good support for TOC, GIL, barely there object system(compared to Moose), lack of extensibility, lack of syntax plugins. Forcing one way of doing things, all this is great hindrance if one wants to climb upper steps in the ladder of programming. And above all lack of thing like CPAN is just something more than sufficient reason above everything else. I left Python for Perl, but had to go back again. Python wasn't just serving the need for day to day quick scripting. Which I often need to do twice or thrice a day. Text is uneliminable part of large IT projects. Tools like Perl, sed , awk help me do my job quickly everyday. Slowly I realized if I'm using Perl every 50 minutes, I might as well use it for long term projects. On the other hand, Best practices matter for every project. You can writeable and un maintainable code both in any language. We are back to being a Perl shop again. And its the best decision we have made. Perl has exception handling, its only that its not available via your usual try-catch syntax. If you want a more sugary exception handling syntax there is always Try::Tiny ( http://search.cpan.org/~doy/Try-Tiny-0.09/lib/Try/Tiny.pm ). Another advantage Perl has over Python in case of parsing is that regular expressions are first class elements in Perl, so they can be passed around like objects. Combine them with more powerful things like given-when( http://perldoc.perl.org/perlsyn.html#Switch-statements ) and parsing becomes a lot more easier when compared to Python. Smart matching is a great feature. And all this obviously leads to better performance in terms of speed because less code to process means (to an extent faster code). And syntactically as well. Imagine doing such a thing in Python. There isn't smart match operator at the first place, there is no switch statement, and on top of that dealing with innumerable regular expression functions(compile,match,search) with try-catch statements inside if-else loops. This piece of code in Python won't be easy to read and solution isn't elegant and better than Perl either. Perl turns out to be better in all ways, the code is readable, concise, faster and powerful. I don't think you got my point about regular expressions in Python. If its only one regular expression, then its 3 functions. But if say you have 20 regular expressions, now you have 60 function calls. Say you have to add 6 statements of exception handling to each of this, you now have 360 statements. Imagine this inside a giant if-else loop structure. Without a doubt the Perl solution is a lot more cleaner than Python solution. Could you please explain how I don't know anything about what I do aside from what I've written?(I don't know how you make such a comment without knowing anything about me). And what are those specialized toolchest of string tools that Python offers? I have clearly explained(In comments above and below) Perl's 'tool chest', now can you please explain how Python 'tool chest' beats it? Seems, languages like Python and Java are best when all your application needs a glue between one part of architecture(webserver, UI etc) and other(database, XML, JSON). Or at maximum some extra stuff like sockets. The problem with Python sort of languages starts when you alter you inputs and outputs such that they are no longer standard and structured. All examples that Python folks give as superiority of Python over Perl come around in areas where data input is structured enough. Things like scientific computing, web programming(Interaction with databases, XML, JSON). There are a lot of languages which can do this, The actual challenge is in areas dealing with unstructured data. There are very few languages which offer convenient tools to deal with those sort of problems. Unfortunately Python isn't one of them When you buy apple related products to develop for their mobile platform you are buying the tool chain required to develop for that platform. This is very much different when compared to purchasing sofware for the servers for back end development and deployment. Its like you purchase the iOS toolchain(hardware and software) and sell the app to the user. The user purchases is own iPhone and runs that on it. You don't buy iPhones for the users do you? As far as backend development is concerned. You have to buy the tool chain as well as the software(read OS, SQL Server, IIS etc etc) for the servers that your developed software runs on. Now the problem comes when you need scalability. Adding more servers to your stack means not just spending money on hardware but on the software stack as well. So now it all boils down to buying real large and powerful servers since scaling out is not cheap. This has added risks like on issues like replication, back up etc etc. No one wants to be caught up in this sort of a situation. Especially start ups. That's hardly surprising, Minimalistic tools haven't been able to survive for a long time. Problems change, programmers needs change. What was not necessary yesterday, might be very important today. You will have no option but to keep adding on things as they are needed. I started out with vi, then found out I was better off using emacs. Its rather better to use something designed to be big from the scratch, than to be using some thing invented to be minimal but bloated later just to compete with others. Python is just undergoing the natural trend. Now we are talking! We have zeroed down to what prevents people from taking risks or being happy or being content. Its about slowly walking in debt traps which never go away all your life. As a kid you are fearless, because somebody else takes care of your finances, you feel no pressure, stay happy and do what you want. Once you grow up, in your teens you take inputs from things around you and try to be like the richest. What you don't realize is that such a life 'loaned' not 'owned'. The day you go to work, you spend your salary like no spend thrift did before. You change your iPhone every year, because everybody else is doing so. You buy everything from credit from clothes to toilet paper to car. Sometime later a colleague purchases a home and due to peer pressure you just trap yourself into a 20-25 year load on back breaking interest. You pay taxes on property and everything you own. By the time you are done with all this you are too old to even enjoy what you have. Meanwhile you spend away your whole thinking of clearing the loans, trapping your self in never ending fear 'What will happen if I don't' clear the loan/ or if I loose the job. This greatly reduces your ability to flexible and agile in terms of taking risks. This also kills your pursuit of happiness, because all the while you are worried of doing something out of compulsion regardless whether you like it or not. The thing important here is to fix a upper limit and have some attitude for gratitude. A heck lot of people work a day of manual labor and go home with happiness filled in their hearts. While we worry about not having some X gadget which some colleague has. We complain about vacations et al. Not tying happiness with money can help you get a lot of things in life with little stress. Yes, that is always the case. Poor people often work hard and save money for many reasons. One obvious reason is they really have no way out. If you are given one and only one chance to do something, you are left with no choice but to do it well. The other aspect I see is upbringing, when all you see around is poverty and and way out being working hard, you grow a natural tendency to think of hard work that way. You also learn to live frugal, and manage even with little resources. Later on life when you earn well, these habit help in saving and making proper investment decisions. On the other hand people raised in spend thrift environments, try to match their living accordingly. For example even if they do no have money they try to buy things through debt and credit. Saving and making investment decisions overtime make you rich, this is obvious and nothing surprising. But people rarely realize this. Well the first question that needs to asked here is why do those people borrow money after knowing very well they can't pay it back? Its purely their mistake, and nobody else (society, government etc) can be blamed here. I think the guy earning high is to blame here. Nobody else is responsible for one's financial mess(Recession, Inflation, government etc) if one doesn't know how to manage their money well. All measurements in the world are relative. One person lives frugual, saves and invests money. Another person doesn't.The spend thrift guy will have himself to blame. You can't have good earning conditions all your life, good and bad times come alternatively in every person's life.There will always be recessions, wars and inflation. There will always be health problems, there will always more competition. The responsibility to secure your future when you have the chance is yours.Savings and good investment decisions make people incrementally richer. A person may not become a millionaire next year with this strategy, but over time savings and good investment decisions can make you really rich over time(When you need it the most). While we analyze why there isn't much gender diversity as it is before. We must also understand how much the industry has changed over years. The volume of work that existed back in the pre - 80's era and now isn't even comparable. And with volume the culture of our profession has changed drastically. If its your usual 9-5 job, where you have to apply routine steps everyday then it would have been OK. But being progressive in programming requires you not just to work hard(And in most cases working under difficult deadlines and overnight) you also have continuously keep learning and update yourself with things that come along everyday. This is pretty demanding if you have a family, kids and especially when you are pregnant etc. There are physical limitations in those issues. If I look at the way my career has been, I sort of had to stay and overnights and work on difficult deadlines many times over long periods. It becomes very difficult for a mother with kids to accommodate work and family in that kind of schedule. So she has to often opt to be one side. A general counter point presented to this argument is to ask the Project manager to be more come with a more accommodating plan.This is often not possible due to economic reasons, given the time, money and resource something needs to be delivered. This has nothing to do with male domination in the society, these are just unavoidable situations. This is typical of many other professions. Why don't we find as many female cab drivers as male ones? Why don't we have as many frontline female soldiers/nurses? Let alone all that, if the current biological situation was reversed. And men could stay at home(Do the house choses, kids, food etc) and women had to take all responsibilities of house, family, money and security for their whole life. How many women in mass(not individual cases) would be happy with such a tiring and demanding life? Well I guess everything in the nature and the way things go have a purpose. You take a break for some years come back and see who was your peer sometime back is now your boss. How would you feel? The feeling of underachievement especially when you know you were helpless to prevent that, hurts! It would hurt me atleast. If I knew I would face a such situation I will rather take up some other profession. This is actually a very important point, I work so hard currently because I know I will have to secure my family's financial future after I get married. On the other hand, If I were to be a girl I would be a lot more relaxed in may approach because I know my earnings are not the primary source of income to my family. And husband is going to take care of it anyways. How do you do that in other languages? Whatever language that you will ever use will require you to understand and to a degree memorize your usual keywords, operators and syntax elements and rules concerning interplay between them. Regarding other stuff, building good software requires understanding a lot of things which have nothing to do with Perl. Understanding concepts like recursion, closure, OO, functional programming concepts etc etc. These have to be first understood in theory. The Perl syntax is only a notation in which you express your ideas. Besides that designing good software requires people to understand design patterns, designing maintainable software requires people to work on large project under sound practices. Writing fast and efficient software requires people to learn Algorithms and data structures. And so on... These principles remain the same regardless of the programming language you use. Then why is it that only in case of Perl people hold the language responsible for everything. To be frank, I have seen crappy code more often in other languages than in Perl. I have seen over abuse of certain element like XML in Java, and now these days Python. The fact is if your technology community is huge you get a lot of crappy people along with your usual set of good people. This happens for various reasons, Everybody wants to learn something that is famous as it helps for Job reasons. Perl's strength apart from your usual language kit is CPAN, language tools to produce highly useful rapid scripts in time. Heavy data lifting, data munging. A gentle glance at things like Moose, Modern Perl, Devel::Declare and all associated software with them(Catalyst, DBIx::Class), will show you the genius of Perl community in coming up such great stuff in time. Legacy? I hear about new Perl projects starting in large enterprises everyday! Unless you are in the web programming domain(Somehow web developers think their's is the only software being written in the whole world) where your Python and Ruby frameworks seem to be famous. Perl is pretty big in the backend. Perl is here to stay, and its simply too useful to be going away anytime soon. Python is a beautiful language too! Perl has its own strengths. In order to win as scripting language on the UNIX environment a language will have to get some things right very well. Two of them namely 'Processes' and 'Files(text)'. UNIX is really about these two things heavily. That is why you will see UNIX by a vanilla installation has shipped with tools like sed, grep, awk, cut, tr, cat and other text processing tools for decades. Because a file can act as a pretty good representation for data, storage and problem representation use cases. Another area that the language will have to get right is 'DBMs'. Speaking of Perl's merits as scripting languages alone, Perl offers a native way of interacting with all these things that I mentioned in the previous paragraph. Things like ``, system(), open(), close() , die(), chomp, while ), split(), grep, !~ , ~= and regular expressions make text processing a breeze. In addition, Higher order parsing is very easy in Perl too, Regular expressions are first class objects. For more information on this you can read Mark Jason Dominus's Higher order Perl. Which is a free book. Now coming to Perl's merits as general purpose scripting language. You have your usual language tool kit with data structures(usual numbers, strings), arrays, hashes. Flow control, functions, OO, functional programming features. But the plus and the biggest winner is the extension system. There is a huge repository of readily solved problems on the CPAN. You have language extension modules like Moose, Try::Tiny, etc etc. In terms of the web development ecosystem, Perl has catalyst, DBIx::Class, Plack etc etc. You also have a good asynchronous programming framework. In terms of documentation. Check out the amazing perldoc.perl.org. There is also Learning Perl, Programming Perl and recently Chromatic's beautiful book 'Modern Perl book'. In terms of development practice and stability. Perl has a track record and battle tested for decades now, Its used to develop mission critical applications. For best practices you can read Damian Conway's Best practices book. Also, Checkout enlightened Perl and Task::Kensho for the best of the breed modules. As a plus and cherry on the cake, there is a new sister programming language called Perl 6 in the making. With great concepts, cleaner defaults and more pragmatic in the real world. Perl 6 is usable today with Rakudo. Give it a whirl. I didn't get your point. I have found Perl(And many have) very useful for whatever we do. So we continue to use it. Just because there is some new shiny stuff around, we don't use just for the sake for using it. Trolling Perl to advocate Python hasn't helped for decades and won't help now either. A better debate will be to argue on technical merits. Trolling and whining gets people curious to verify if all that is true, thereby forcing them to read and some readers adopt it too. Nobody was down voting you to make themselves right. But the remarks that you made about CPAN to be frank didn't make any sense at all to anybody who has worked with CPAN seriously over years. Both in terms of quantity and quality CPAN beats any other scripting ecosystem by a very great margin. And its really not about the number of the modules. That many number of modules would not have been possible if Perl(syntax, extensions system) was not flexible enough to allow them. The traditional approach used by languages is to first build a set of semantics define a syntax and standard library for it. Then any other development in that language happens through frameworks and libraries. Perl is special in this case that Perl allows syntax extensions through modules. There fore you will find not just Modules to do your task, but also modules that add and extend to exiting Perl syntax with sugar. Perl 6 extends this concept further through grammars. How often and how many language are there today(Counting Python and Ruby especially) that can add something like Moose(Moosex extensions) and other syntactical extension to their language, without breaking backwards compatibility? Python took around 8 years and broke backwards compatibility to make as little changes as context of a for loop and print statement. Now imagine what it would take Python to fix its object system or its scoping problems. I also like Larry Wall's "Waterbed theory of complexity" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waterbed_theory ) which fundamentally says complexity needs to be handled at layer or the other in a system. Which primarily brings the eternally asking the question of "Using the right tools" for the job. Apart from knowing all the CS know-how behind how things work. Practical software is all about knowing if there are existing off the shelf solutions that can be just plugged into take care of that part of the complexity. I think innovation is more than just code, its also about how you can go about solving a particular business problem in the most practical way. I think in MIT lecture series of Structure and Interpretation of computer programs, the instructor bring about a very point. Its something like this "A part of understanding and building large complex systems is to know what parts to neglect". We often test people with knowing about the granular details. But we never see if they know how to build powerful abstractions. Which is basically the core any large complex system. I don't think anybody(or any union for that matter) will stop working just like that. Especially considering the fact that time is equally crucial for them. Unions are needed to a extent, In my country(India), I would say unions are the only savior people in those professions have. As, if they are wronged in some way traditional way of approaching the courts takes years to get justice. But coming to the larger point, in societies throughout the world hard work isn't fashionable. The default assumption is that somehow only bright, smart and intelligent people have the monopoly to be rich. Dumb, hardworking rich people doesn't even go well below peoples throats. When you see some one poor, meticulously working hard building a career,growing rich by savings/investment over years and compare the same with some one who was originally rich and intelligent but has now lost significant fortune, career and other stuff because of the laxed attitude, over comfort and over spending(spend thrifts). Often the first guy (originally poor but now rich by hard work) is considered purely lucky or at most 'time is on his side' kind of arguments. A rich cab driver or a truck driver isn't something that goes down well in many societies. Truck drivers other manual labor workers do a lot of work, take bigger risks(in terms of all aspects). They have their own careers, retirement option et al to consider. Therefore I believe what your parent poster wrote is very correct. Adding to your point, 'Quality' itself and its perception is not equal across professions. For a truck driver how quality is measured might be totally different than how its measured for a programmer. That happens in nearly every language which is famous and widely used. I have seen awful Python code in the past. So bad that it would have led me to hate Python, so bad that it would have forced me to believe Python as a language sucks. But by now I am mature enough to understand that if you hire bad programmers you get bad code irrespective of the language its written in. You can use any tool you want, if you use it badly the result is going to be bad. These are days of Python and Ruby fanboyism so very obviously everything is going to look ugly in front of it. Code bases in other languages will be declared legacy and the same thing will be translated to the new shiny language and called the 'modernized' code bases. Your RDBMS use cases will be shoe horned to NoSQL databases and declared designed for the web. This will go on and on for anther few years... Until we get to see page long blog posts another few years from now describing how many bad Python + Django examples can be found on the net. Or how bad Python and Ruby Legacy codebases are. How framework dependency with Django, Rails or Twisted sucks. Or how someone had to spend huge engineering effort migrating from Python 2 series to 3 series. Or how they had to rewrite a large part of SQL logic to work with NoSQL databases. This trend repeats every few years, every few years a set of tools get trolled badly. Very correct, But as a matter for fact we need to define the term 'Happiness', a lot of people measure happiness by how much minimum they can achieve(Which makes them happy) with how much minimum effort they put. For example, if you put in 5 productive hours of work a day and end up achieving a, what you describe as a happy life, you would consider that success. But a lot of people tend to measure success in a different way. For example, Even though during atleast two days in a week I might have opportunity to go back early. I purposefully use the free time to check if I can do some extra work which will give an edge to my career. Generally its something like this, I check if I can add some feature that has a direct impact on revenue or some bug that I can fix or something I can read upon which will help me take more informed decisions later. I was not a very brilliant kid in the school, nor in college nor during my engineering. In fact I was almost on border, but I would always make it. How? By multiplying effort over time. Most of my friends back in school when I meet them today, find it astonishing that I have made it so big in the industry, while even many high scoring folks haven't. At work my philosophy is very simple, Seize every work opportunity as it comes. Ensure you multiply effort with time. Thereby, completely hedging for my low IQ by sheer work alone. Indeed as they say opportunity multiplies as you seize it. I also see a lot of high scoring people straight out of college who don't do it big in the industry. Because intelligent people expect, brilliance will make up for everything. But the fact is, Intelligence only acts as a catalyst in the path to success. The bulk of everything else is sheer hard work. Apart from this its important to understand things like management. Especially time management. Its important to plan, review and track your life time, decade, yearly , monthly and weekly goals. Measuring your productivity is important. Reviewing it constantly, and course correction is the key. The great thing is today you can achieve anything by sheer work. This gives me great hope for the future. In general what you are saying is true, but its not the general public your must fear in the competition. Its always the exceptional guy who is going to win the prize any day. And that is why people always run into exceptionally productive people and don't find it easy to compete with them. Multiply this with the drive and energy which keeps them productive over time and suddenly things get very difficult. For most people 5 hours of productive work will see them by, but you should not expect that to be sufficient to be the best or to be sufficient enough to beat the best. For that you will have to do something extra. Edison Vs Tesla debates often end up going no where, this is because the debates take the nature of debate between two school of thoughts. One which believes that learning the body of knowledge and using proper academic approach to research is the right way to success(Tesla), other approach is to take a interesting problem without having no background and prior knowledge of what you are going into, but as you go deeper you begin learn and do things by experimenting on the way(Edison). Edison approach takes time, a lot of work and thereby you need to find ways of being more productive. Both methods have their plus'es and minus'es. But.. If you find some body very hardworking, going over the counter to put effort in his work to achieve something and he ends up being more successfully than everybody else. That shouldn't look surprising. And that precisely what happened with Edison and Tesla. Although Edison lost the war of currents, but comparing their lives as a whole Edison ended up achieving far more than Tesla. It happens that when you build respect by demonstrating excellence in your work yourself. You can get far more work done even without saying anything. Not a long time ago, I worked under a manager. At that time during the start of the project, we had to learn a lot of new technologies to get started. One of the technologies was Perl. Now typically managers leave it to the developers to do all this. But not with this manager, before asking anybody learn it, he took a a week's holiday. When he was back next week, he called for a meeting and started training all the junior guys. And demonstrated what he expected from everybody by doing it himself. His motto was simple, he would never demand from others at work what he couldn't give himself. He ensured we got know everything that was required. Anytime we were stuck, he would personally ensure we were unblocked. He worked, conducted meetings, did his managerial duties and still wrote programs with us. He would stay with us, if things went on late in the night. He would sweat with us. Net result, whenever a request came from him we would do it no matter what it took. At the very same time, I have also worked under extremely arrogant people with no clue about management and seen how things go. No plans at hand, no ways to measure and track. Assign work, and come after a month or so and just pick up fight with developers for simple issues just to assert authority. Fight and demoralize people until you have ensured you get the feeling that you have the developer feel that you are the boss. When people make mistakes you are supposed to counsel them, not demoralize and abuse them to assert authority and get job done by force. Now what respect would such people command, even their legitimate demands are looked in a negative angle. Its all about how you deal with people, people skills are a requisite for every job that requires dealing with people in a way or the other. America won't fall behind Indian and china for the reasons you mentioned. I'm from India and I can tell there is huge problem of illiteracy here has well. And I believe every nation on earth has these problems. America today is loosing because of totally different reasons. And nobody but America as a nation is to be blamed for that. The way I see America is loosing out jobs that have earnings directly accounted by number of hours worked or volume delivered(In other words manufacturing kind of jobs). And for that every single aspect of the American society is responsible. Don't get me wrong, I'm for capitalism. But there is huge difference between mindless consumerism that goes on in America and what happens in the rest of the world. Coupled with high standards of living. It is, but impossible to provide manufacturing and other process based jobs at rates similar to that in China and India. And given the conditions under which most people are made to work is unthinkable in America. There is a saying here, that if you don't want to do a particular job somebody is always out there who will do it.And will do it better over time, and during the same time begin to lead that market. This is what has happened, back then when America was not into pointless wars, and the tax system was sane. A lot of Americans didn't to the very same jobs which are today being shipped(And why would they, when you are paid well to do better jobs. And sometimes paid to do nothing at all - read social security benefits). We have no such social security/medicare benefits alternatives here. Here either we slog and earn or just get wiped out.We don't enjoy/get vacations/trips. Most of us can't eat at restaurants everyday. We can't spend like hell, just to buy a new version of the iPhone. Here in India, Its all about struggle to livelihood to its bare minimum necessities - Food, Clothing and Shelter. We have no other option but to beat you. That's what we have to do to survive here. 10 years ago, foreign students would come to the U.S. to get advanced degrees and then stay in the U.S. to get good paying jobs. Here in India, Going to America is very fashionable and earns a lot of respect in society. A lot of friends went to America for further studies for just 'America returned' brand factor. Indians have a lot of misconceptions about America. Some of the most ridiculous economic assumptions. a. Everybody in America is ultra rich. b. There are no poor people in America, Everybody in America is a millionaire. c. Everybody owns a car in America. d. In America all houses have gardens, beautiful parks around them. e. If you are in America you are in heaven. Thereby the mad rush to get settled in America, somehow. Some people take ridiculous loans to study there. Ultimately leaving no other option but to stay back in America work there even for throw away prices just to pay of the massive debt back home. People back here in India, find it very difficult to believe that there are a lot people in America who have to work very hard just to make ends meet. This article is talking only about one part of the story, while it can't be denied that people demand girls to look good. At the same time, girls themselves get into peer pressure easily. Very quickly in their lives they get the feeling that in order to be 'looked at' you have to be beautiful. I am not saying that guys don't suffer from this, but girls suffer from this more than guys. Its like the TV channels competing for TRP's. The demand for a something good exists, but the fact is that the demand is fueled by the content providers and not viewers. Now on a larger scale, the society doesn't dumb down girls. Its just the mere biological reasons prevent them from doing so many jobs that are common for men. Women have higher social pressures, physically and biologically they have more limitations when compared to men. They have bigger social pressures to deal with. All in all, this counts for most of the reasons why women don't get the incremental learning at the same rate as men. Now come to look at the other part of it, there is huge difference between looking good/presentable and wild chase for beauty. Cosmetic products exist both for men and women, but their nature differ. Apart from your usual set of deodorants and usual kit et al, you don't mascara or lipstick for men. Not that such a thing is not desirable for men, but its just that men won't chase it at all. Ultimately you truly get what you want. C'mmon. I am thin, I can't call myself super good looking either. I am not very extrovert and not too much into sports. But I can't use this as a reason to be bad at other things. Present ability, hygiene , looking good, neat and clean matter to both the genders. But if a person is not very attractive by natural look, that is no reason to not perform well in life by personal choice . That is not a reason, not to work hard, not to try, not to give your full. Blaming things apart from oneself only goes so far. And doesn't help anybody. Just because I sucked at sports, I can't use the same reason to be bad at programming. Well if you start doing that, you would spark off a new debate. "Don't tell girls how intelligent they are". Because then the very analogical argument will be used to say - telling girls they are intelligent is making them under perform in other areas. In short, if you are not ready work hard and do something on yourself by your work alone. There are plenty of reasons you can use to justify what you are. Hang on, did anyone propose affirmative action here or something? All the blog talked about was trying to praise girls for their smarts rather than their looks. If this is enough to cause misery for you, I think you have self-esteem issues. Sorry the blog talked silently about a lot of things, which squarely put the blame on people for a lot of mistakes which girls make personally. I appreciate my nephew all the time when he wins a running race or plays cricket well. But that is never taken as something that can be used to be bad at academics nor does not speaking about he being good at studies permanently deter him from being good at studies. If girls aren't good looking, how does that stop them from picking up a book and studying hard for an entrance exam. Or burning the midnight oil meeting a tough deadline? None of that has anything to do with beauty. That's something which has to come from within. Willingness to work hard and go to tough times is what brings success and that is irrespective of gender. Somehow I find it difficult to accept that argument that saying somebody that they look good suddenly becomes the reason to be never good at anything else ever after. I am not saying that looking good doesn't matter, sure it does. But it begins to truly matter only if you want it to. The world is a tough place. Its difficult out there for the mild hearted. But that's the case with all the genders. When I was not allowed cricket for my school team, I didn't take that as male oppression or something that should dumb me down for ever. Although the common perception at that time was, if you played well you are more likely to get a girlfriend at that directly cor related to being smart . Its just that I was meant to do something else. Which I did eventually and did pretty well. Today I have trouble getting a bride for marriage(here in India these things matter a lot). But I know deep down within me, I may not be a alpha male among the pack, not very muscular, smart good looking and physically active. But for the kind of hard work I put in I will be a lot more richer than the alpha males. In fact this happens all the time, The society is sure responsible for these sort of perceptions. But they become the reality only if we want to. Now to all girls who reject me to settle with a alpha male, when you discover a decade later I'm more financially rich. Please don't call that women's oppression. That just making wrong decisions and paying for it later. Yes, Even I don't understand how giving a good complement can do any harm and that too to an extent this article points. In fact the opposite is true, if you call a kid stupid or ugly it can be him/her very discouraging. Also the point on women seeking beauty to ensure the get the alpha male from the pack is very true. Flame me away... I can't show sympathy to any person who can actually work hard and do something, but just doesn't and keeps blaming every outside reason for why they can't. Looks, poverty, opportunities etc etc all buzz words matter. But none of them matter more than personal will to rise beyond, get moving and do some work. Sitting on time and opportunities and letting them go by as time flies over the years. And then at the end of an era blaming 'looks' and other stuff for failure doesn't deserve any sympathy. I would rather show sympathy towards people who are disabled physically or other wise. But perfectly healthy people giving reasons as to why they couldn't do what they wanted, while they could actually have by work don't deserve any mercy. I don't take it for granted that they are optional. I think that taking the position that women have a choice to play the game is a difficult one for me to accept. This is something that even I agree, Here in India a lot of women are helpless and clearly driven by social pressures. Often under poverty and caste obligations. But we are not talking about that section of women here. We are talking of girls(in the article) who in very clear conscious have the choice to spent their time, money and resources in a particular way. But don't take the best way out, and take the wrong choice. This is utmost bad decision making, not a social problem. Otherwise every other social persuasion or thought can become your life problem. From your post I get a feeling that the average girl is happy being what she is now. Then I fail to understand whats the need for posts in this thread's original link.And what is the complain all about? Looks like the girlish definition of 'dumb' is a lot more different than ours. If being good looking and beautiful is what makes them feel successful, then why isn't that goal worth chasing . I do know when we talk of women in the military, or ones burning midnight oil in some software company chasing a tough deadline we talking of exceptions and outliers. Not all women want to be that, not all want physically stressful jobs which demand a lot of endurance. Not all want emotionally demanding jobs. Not all want to be in a place where working midnights and weekends is inevitable. Vast majority of them are just happy with current roles. If so why should the whole majority of womenfolk change just for a few outliers? So, now I fail to understand what people are after. You praise someone for something, it becomes a problem. You don't then its a different problem. You criticize, you get noted for being rude and discouraging. The key here is to take what is good and beneficial out of a talk and just move on. Else each social persuasion and thought can ruin your life everytime one hears some one speaking. This is worth thinking over. I think a lot of boys do aspire the adrenaline rush professions. But if they don't end up being one, do they now resign from their whole lives and just go saying the social persuasions to be such, destroyed their whole lives? There is always going to be a social persuasion for nearly everything. They way we eat, dress, talk nearly anything people can see, people can pass a comment on. And that becomes a mass opinion and taken to be the established truth later. Somehow I find it difficult to understand why women consider themselves so special in this regard. Why do we end up comparing representation of women and men in every industry is beyond my understanding. In the name of diversity and women's empowerment, why should we expect a guy to work late in the night, come on weekends, push hard deadlines and a girl is given all options to leave early? why is inefficiency assumed to be OK and acceptable just to accommodate them? If a girl feels need to emphasize her equality, can't it be done by performing? Why do rules have to be bent, made lot more easier? Its like a foot ball game, where you remove away the defenders so that they can score a easily. This sort of defeats the very whole purpose of empowerment. Empowerment is to give strength to something so that it can compete with challenges as they are, not remove away the challenges so that can be easily met. I am from Bangalore, And I seriously don't understand this Bangalore and Beijing hate. Why do Americans assume all Chinese and Indians are fools? Aren't you people shooting yourself in the foot by assuming your competition is weak? Outsourcing works for a lot more factors than mere money. But money is a major factor. Here in India, we have usual set of good and bad engineers like everywhere . There a lot of very good talented and hardworking folks here, sure they don't come cheap. But they come cheaper than what a similar guy in the US would cost. I have myself seen a lot of quality work getting delivered at almost 1/10th the cost it would have taken in the US. The US taught us ideals of capitalism, didn't you guys want the world to follow your way of life . Now when we actually do, you guys frown.. withdraw turn your back on the same principles you have taught us for nearly half a century now. You have nothing to fear from the bad engineers here, trust me they are loosing out very quickly. What you must fear is good hardworking folks coming at cheap prices. That will be a big problem, because when some one sees quality coming for cheap they will go for it. Also, Indian is a huge buyer of military equipment from the US. We spend billions buying stuff from you. But we never complain that those jobs are being outsourced to America. In fact we love America for the help they offer us. We live in a globalized world, this is how its going to be in the future. There are problems, Yes I agree. Both cultural and communication problems. But on a grand scheme of things when you interact with each other for something like 2-3 years. Those differences are negligible. When I started out, I faced similar problems. But I became friends with a lot of Americans, after our daily interactions. You do get to hear about projects that fail. But they are small in number. There are so many successful projects here that running for more 5 years and some time even decades. To blanket say that you are never going to get good quality from there, is just not right. This is a touchy issue, I understand as people are loosing jobs. I would be equally emotional if I lost my job. But self reflection is also important at the same time. Yes, I agree on this. There is a huge problem of hiring good folks here. In fact most of the work coming to India is somewhat in an area where you are required to maintain and keep systems up and running. In other words a few feature additions but a lot of maintenance and bug requests. A lot of work is also on the lines package management, something like working on SAP, or IT support or even testing projects. I would like to know if majority of the developers in west would be happy doing those jobs. Because such jobs don't have a good career growth path. And price at which they do that here, is just unimaginable in US, I know. For a lot of time now, Engineering and Medicine have been the dream careers to chase in India, the reason is simple. Before the FDI reforms started in 1992, the only way some one could make it financially big in our society was through ancestral property, a big family businesses, or plainly doing your engineering and medicine and then settling down some where in the west(immigrating). After the FDI boom, the IT sector here exploded. People from middle class background became millionaires in no time. In fact that's how Indian IT got a fat inefficient layer of management throughout the country. Very soon there was an impression that you have to get into software to earn that high. So the mad rush to get into software started. This is where the quality dilution occurred. A lot of clueless people got promoted to be managers. Because technology was not considered a good career growth path. Also there is a mad rush here to visit some foreign country. These are generally called 'onsite' opportunities. Trust me, you have no clue what sort of politics runs across to get those opportunities. You have a lot of good developers but they never get their due. Neither rewarded nor appreciated properly. Good developers don't sort of get the stuff they deserve here. But projects generally run on work by 'task masters'. In a typical team you will have few little really good folks and a little average folks the remaining hardly do their job. In fact when we talk of good devs that's the kind of folks that we are talking about here. But they are available in pretty good numbers. Coming to manufacturing, IT support. That's really more of process and procedure based. So I won't comment on that, may be that's a difficult area to compete with. Because there you have very little intelligent things to do. Company loyalty is one thing, but ultra fast jumping is an another thing. I know some in my team who have jumped something like 6 companies in 5 years. That's like an average of 9 months of stay in a company. Given the joining formalities, getting a project, knowledge transfer and a good start. The person hardly spends 5 months working in a company. That's plainly insufficient by any measure. Recently we hired a girl, who has all brands next to her name. Hopped like 6 companies in 5 years. Endless projects to her resume and everything looks fine and dandy. After hiring her we figured she was fit for nothing. Every day she reads interview questions for about 1-2 hours. Makes calls to her friends. When asked to work, she just slacks around, force her too much and she throws in the 'harassing the girl' card. Now she wants all foreign travel opportunities to herself. We know for sure she will quit in another 4 months, and she will get a good job too. Remember she is an expert reading those interview questions for an hour daily. This is the regular crowd here in India that hops jobs too often. So its perfectly acceptable for the HR to ask for solid experience on a persons resume. Elite institutions do little to produce great people, they just act as a place where great people can assemble, learn and move forward. The same with IIT, IIT itself will do little to make the person better. Even my experiences with IIT'ians has not been uniform, a lot of them are good ... but not everybody. Now the main stuff, Academics is one thing, industry totally another thing. Academics assumes that you can memorize, recollect from the memory and invent. The industry assumes your can discover and deliver. In our times to be able to discover is far more important thing than ability to invent. Coupled with productivity is what makes this software so interesting. If you are productive, hardworking, and discover and experiment quickly you can achiever far more than any guy from IIT or whatever. In short, Education only takes you so far. After that its all upto your work. Here in India, when I went to school 10 years back there was a subject called 'SUPW' - which expands to "Socially useful productive work'. They generally teach kids how to make some thing very simple which can actually be sell-able or used to solve a problem. I and my other friends like 5 other kids had made some 5-6 door mats from cigarette packs alone. And then we were taught how to go and sell them. I remember we had made some thing like 200 rupees back then(A pretty a big amount for kids). There were many such small projects, Many had woven designer baskets. Or some kind of a trivial sofa using cardboard. Unfortunately I heard, these days that subject is no longer being taught for more fancier things like karate, or learning parts of a computer. In short, in school they taught us how to hack. Generate wealth. I don't consider side projects a good metric either. I hardly have side project for a simple reasons because, I get pretty much burnt out by the daily work itself. Unfortunately salary hoppers are so common among the job hopping crowd, that its sufficient enough to say the most and nearly all job hoppers are salary hoppers. I started out vim, with bare minimum commands but later on went to emacs. With emacs I have an option M-x tab auto complete In case I don't get to remember something. I would like to know what are vim equivalents of this? Some how I feel deep down inside that vim was not designed bottom for this kind of complexity. I mean to say when you want to design something to scale you have to clearly decide what goes into the core and what can be added using a extension system. Although I understand the spirit behind the use cases for vi when it was first invented to light weight. Now when you decide to stick to minimalism you must be consistent to that philosophy. When you violate that, you go on bolting stuff on top of it which doesn't belong there. The net result is a huge bloat of things which make usability too complex. Besides I only can commit so many things to memory. One look at this cheat sheet made my head spin. Every time I fire up a editor to write code, I need brain space to think about the problem at hand. I can't afford to context switch between looking a up a sheet of command to do editor work. Which in case even Notepad will turn up to be more useful than this. If someone has a better way to doing this I would be more than happy to learn. I keep hearing a lot of vim these days, and want to learn it too. But everytime I face the uphill task of memorizing something, I just drop it and go on to do something else. "wollw" and "DrJ" I am talking about command auto completion, not word auto completion inside the editor. In emacs, for word auto completion M-/ is just too awesome. I read this somewhere on HN a while back "Pay a man by the hour and he will put in as many hours as he can, Pay a man by the brick and he lay down as many bricks as he can" . I would go on to add and say, If you a pay people flatly some will work, some won't and rest will do mediocre. The guide to get work done is to drive the rewards in that direction. I fail to understand what stops companies from paying people on the basis of work done, rather flatly or hours spent. Is it because it will set a dangerous precedent and that productive people will end up earning more than what you expect to pay? I refuse to believe that people are not motivated by money or that money is somehow not a major motivating factor. All passion, determination et al management talks is OK. But I'm not happy earning less than what I'm supposed to. Just because I could it doesn't mean I should. I do more than everybody else back at work, so I obviously I deserve more. The way salaries work is to get bulk of the work from a few. But then reward every body equally on a average basis. That to me seems like expecting a few to carry a burden of the whole lot. And has a strong stench of communism to it. What has being senior got to do with quality of work delivered? Sure experience counts for some thing. But measuring someone's worth by looking number of years on the resume seems to be a bad metric for hiring. I generally put in twice the effort as a my boss on almost daily basis, I expect to be what he is now in half the time he took to be. Why not just flatly pay them on the amount of work done, regardless where(location) they work. I disagree here, There is good enough metric for your 'work', its wealth generated at the end of it. Many even refer to it as value created. Again I know the next question you will ask is what if the person worked hard and still fail. Well that is not going to be often. Team work is every body working to achieve something. One set of people making up for other peoples inefficiency isn't team work. I am not telling people must be paid more money to motivate them, I am saying.. We must ask people to work more to earn more money. Which is perfectly acceptable. I don't know why I should earn equal to some guy sitting next when I do far more than what he does. Again counter argument to that which people put is, that putting in extra effort is personal choice so it shouldn't be compared. Well in that case, the other argument is also valid. If some one chooses to be inefficient its his/her problem. Yes, Even I love to code. But just because true hearted altruistic people like you exist. It doesn't mean I must replicate the same. I'm motivated by many other factors apart from money. But just because that is the case, I feel no reason to settle down for less than what I deserve. And just like you mentioned I want my salary to be just fair. Just pay me for my work. That's all I'm asking. And is that a unjust demand? What should the company be bothered about what and where I'm spending my money. If I spend more will my work become more valuable to the company or vice versa? On the similar lines I don't understand the concept of companies asking people about their compensation in the previous company. You are supposed to pay for my work, how does my compensation even matter here? If my previous compensation was high will my work in the current company become more valuable or earn higher profits? Those projects generate wealth too! The point isn't that a productivity can't be measured, but there seems to be a lack of willingness to measure it. Its simple, if you actually start paying people by their work. You are at the same time putting a lot of other not-so-good-but-lucky people in serious trouble. People higher up in the hierarchy are especially very afraid of this. People who got quickly promoted during the gold rush, people who benefiting from job hopping by claiming 30% hikes on each hop every 9 months will be in serious trouble. In a place where all your work is transparent and your rewards are driven by it. A few productive people will run the asylum. The majority isn't going to be happy with this. People love getting rich by chance and not by choice and work. To be frank hiding the compensation creates more complexity. It creates 'us' vs 'them' hidden internal rivalries. No matter what, if you comparatively underpay a hardworking guy compared to some who is earning more and doing less. There is going to be huge friction, and salaries often leak out in some way or the other. And the good guy is either going to have his way or worst walk out. Now please don't point me to some survey taken by some one in some corner of the world, where some group of people had bigger long term motivations when compared to immediate money and then declare tell that money doesn't matter. Money is a huge motivating factor. Its strange that employers feel its unethical and unhealthy to compare salaries whereas at they same the keep comparing work all the time. >>>This is not some god-given court that determines what you "deserve". Well in that case let karma decide for itself. Now lets come to what you are talking about. I guess you didn't understand me. I was asking why is it that employers for people under the same conditions pay the same money for different work delivered? What you are saying is true, but that is a totally different question in itself. What you saying is to consider a trade off between other factors and money in two different setup and is perfectly acceptable. But that's not what we are debating here. We are debating why some who is doing a lot more extra is getting paid the same as some who isn't doing all that. In that case I don't see any reason why the first person shouldn't make extra. I would go to an extent to say he doesn't just deserve but has the right to make that something extra. Sorry to say, but I don't buy this thing. Deadlines and goals are fatal to the success of any software project today. And that is so for a very simple reason, you have to always drive towards something under well defined clear timelines. This is very essential for two reasons. The first being measurement and continuous improvement. The second being you must decide what is a acceptable time for something to get done, and stick to it and adjust pace accordingly(The definition of a deadline). Else all it leads to overly delayed projects. I have worked in a similar set up you described for a year or so. Have never seen such clueless roaming about in my whole life. Last time I heard they are still developing. I have done more work in a month than what they have done in say half year. The reason is simple, pace again has a metric - Its, how fast? This is what is called 'Over playing the game'. The user has a problem X, you observe your competitor is providing a solution Y to solve the problem. Now instead of moving towards Y or inventing a better Y. What you basically do is over do Y and project it as a solution to every problem the user ever has. The Tablet and phone need a UI that can be easily used with a 'finger touch'. The Desktop needs a UI that can be easily used with a mouse for bulk work. These are two different use cases for different devices. Just because iOS is cool, Apple didn't start using the same for Desktops and laptops. On the same line Google has a separate OS for OS for net books(ChomeOS) and separate for mobile devices(Android). Also the market is heading in a different direction when it comes to mobile devices. Its not about selling an OS! Its about giving away OS for free or a nominal charge to sell awesome hardware or ads on your search servers. UI solves only one part of that problem. And apps? What about apps? Microsoft has some phenomenal technology. It sure does, but Microsoft doesn't build technology to sell that technology/tools/programming ecosystem. They build it so that users can buy their OS on which those apps can run. The more people build using their tools more OS licenses they can sell.In other words the technology is a bait through which users can be fished to buy their OS. This is a totally different thing when compared to Python/Perl other open source tools which have dedicated teams whose primary job is to build and share them to serve mutual interests. When you find companies dropping a particular technology for something else, its just that they figure out a better bait to catch more fish. If... Well that's what its all about, Those programming tools aren't what MS's core business its all about. Their core business is all about Windows OS and Office software. The reason they are feeling the heat now is the computing paradigm has changed very quickly for them to adopt. More and more computing is going to happen on the mobile devices and users will be looking at those devices to access network by some means and do rest of the stuff on the servers. Like search, games other apps. Microsoft's core revenue comes from selling an operating system. They are not very comfortable with the idea that Software can be given away for free or a lesser prices just to sell hardware or pull traffic to your servers to sell ads. Whereas the momentum is very rapidly shifting to later paradigm. That is why bing is so crucial, even if they have to run it under loss currently. They want some search backend, to be available when their mobile OS comes to full force in the market. Because then, they will fight a tough price war selling their OS, they will have to depend on the Google model. Microsoft is no more a technology tools company (because of SQL server,C# etc) than google is because of BigTable, Go! etc. Although they can sell them as their primary buisiness, but that's not what they are meant for. Sure, I'm not saying they purely do it for that reason alone. There is always going to be a gap which they can't and will never acquire. Its not like IBM from the 80's where a computer and every thing related to it was synonymous with IBM. But they selling SQL Server and C# et al and other programming tools has nothing to do with competing with Oracle or MySQL. Those are to ensure enough developers are trained to use them so that they can sell more OS licenses later. I came from an electronics background when I first started reading algorithms my head was spinning. And I am sure a lot of other novices/laymen from the same problem. The reason I have seen over the years is simple. Expressing the problems in terms of mathematical equations. Mathematical equations some how denote a way of modifying elements through equations. They tend to build on existing established principles of maths. There fore in order to understand what the other person is saying a person must get into a high learning curve. When I first read about P Vs NP problem, I really wasn't able to co relate it to anything in the real world. Later on as I read more on puzzles like The Bin packing problem, or the traveling salesman problems. Things began to make sense. The way to explain people about such things is to give them problems defined in simple English. And then allow them to build their own way of representing objects and elements, and the way they choose to modify them. Like this article does, However while explaining to people start from very small input sizes. Help them work out outputs for large input sizes. Given the problem at hand, explain them why such large computation time doesn't make sense in the physical world. Representing the problem in pure math will never help the guy next to your home. Giving him a day to day use case, will force him to think. So here we go, what all common every day use cases fit into the P Vs NP problem? If we can create such a list, a lot more laymen can think and build on those problems easily! Is there such a list lurking somewhere? Although I understand what your are trying to say here. But the problems you tend to describe never exist in the real world either. What I mean to say is, you can never be Boolean sure about anything in the real world as you can never control all the parameters yourself. Which in case you are always going to measure things in percentages like x% safer or y% safer. I guess that's what the parent poster tends to imply. Thanks Mark, Good work Indeed. Can you please explain why you think P=NP. I am deeply interested in knowing about them. Well not just that, large organizations have policies which perfectly echo with saying 'No good deeds go unpunished'. In my case I observed a few things which I could not believe from my own eyes. When you put in a lot of effort to deliver to things you are considered not a good team player , some how even the guy who performs the least is considered better than you. You are expected to share both credit and hard work rewards with some one who had absolutely nothing to with your work. Refuse to do so and you suddenly become a bad team player. You are always expected to be in full dress code, sometimes this takes so much precedence that its often taking as bargaining thing in performance appraisal discussions. You have to be good to your boss, revere him as hacker extraordinar even if he is actually a Jack ass. The list goes endless. If large corporations spend even 10% of the effort they spend on these things on work, they could move mountains. So you can hire someone who gets stuff done, but if getting stuff done in your organization requires them to be an asshole, and they aren't up for that, well they aren't going to be nearly as successful as you would like them to be. You've sort of nailed it. Also what I see is, how much people are addicted to the NIH syndrome. They have a ways of working which they won't change, adapt or even agree debate for their own good. The way I see, too much or too little process are both equally dangerous. The key is neither to over play nor under play the game. Too little management leads to wandering in the wild with no goals, plans, tracking and destination. Often overly delayed projects. Too much management gets in the way of achieving what would have been even easily possible. After all the analysis I can say, sure you may want to hire every smart guy on the market. But you must also know to manage them. Bunch them together, create a positive environment and enable them to be as much productive as they can be. Good people need to be taken care of, Senior developers/architects even though not managers need to have some people skills. Its simple, if interacting with people is a part of your job.. People skills become part of your job. To be good alone is not sufficient, if you are good alone you can probably get a maximum of 9 hours worth of job done everyday. But if you can manage 10 such brilliant guys you can deliver 90 hours of such work every day. But that requires spotless planning, tracking, course correction and most important creating an environment where such people can be productive. Nothing big in software these days can achieved without team work. If a person is not good with teams, may be its time for him to look somewhere else. Being a jerk, rude and arrogant with junior developers may help you give a false sense of superiority but that won't bring you success. Well, recently I interviewed at a place where they called me in 18 rounds of interviews over almost 3.5 full days. The only reason I was putting up with them was because of friend inside who had referred me. The thing is they made me right endless code rounds after rounds and I did code pretty well. I solved close to 90% of the problems without the internet. But most of them were coding problems. During the final rounds, I don't know what got into them. They started going into Core CS areas. And damn then they started the Algo pop quiz. Some how during the last 3-4 rounds they started giving out the perception that they were not happy with some one who did not know the algorithms from the book memorized by heart. And that even good coding skills can't compensate for that. After that they called me back and told, that some other department from the same company would like to have an another round. I just politely denied and, cut the call. I find this extremely common, especially among the job hopping crowd. Seems like the only thing they ever do keep reading interview questions all day. Do a horrible job at the current place and then hop to a new company for 30% hike 9 months later. Its sort of impossible to screen such people, because they have solutions to any interview question you can ever ask at the back of their hands. Although you agree on this, a lot of people including ones from start up's aren't comfortable with paying people proportional to their productivity. There are many reasons for that, most are happy with flat salary models where can they pay a donkey and a horse the same salary under the premise that they assume both a donkey and a horse can carry weight and run. Unfortunately that's how badly people think of when they pay. Or they are just afraid they may end up setting a trend productive people end up earning big all the time. Frankly speaking if you can't decide about a candidate after 3.5 days of interviewing there's probably something really badly broken about your interviewing process. Or just that its so inefficient. I wouldn't have accepted the offer from the company, from the very outlook it looked like bureaucratic jungle where no one is capable of taking a decision/risk until they run through some 20 meetings to decide what to do. And then toss it on to some one else. For that if this is what you make candidate run through, you are sure to get CareerCup interview questions ebook masters but not good programmers. Here in India, Microsoft is famous only because the pirated version is freely available from anywhere, thorough anyone at anytime.That's the only reason why everybody uses it all the time. Take away the free option, and the non industry consumers will just dump their OS. What is stopping Linux from ruling the Desktop market is a awesome UI. Now, I decide to buy a netbook for browsing and light development. I can save upto 1500 rupees on the OS if I go in for a pre loaded freeDOS version. So this is what I have decided, to buy a good HP netbook which comes close to 15000 rupees. Install Ubuntu LTS version on it. Remain hassle free for the next two years. And spend the saved 1500 rupees on buying a good headphone to listen to music. I don't see any reason why I must remotely feel the need to use Windows anymore. Unless ofcourse I need to work on a word document. Most of the times OpenOffice is sufficient, if it isn't I just walk upto the next DTP store around my place, pay the guy 20 bucks and get the work done in an hour. Every dummy can administrate a Windows machine....not so a Linux machine! That fact forced the Ops team to get rid of the Linux machines as quick as the could. So you choose a inferior mediocre alternative just because you can hire mediocre folks to handle it(you mentioned 'dummy'). Ultimately having sufficient technical debt to make your miserable for the next decade. Linux command line isn't very upfront friendly for sure, but its strength lies in automating as much as you can, programatically. When you talk of administration things go beyond cleaning up files and giving access to users. You must have abilities/tools to quickly hack up solutions to programming problems while problems in operations. That's why bash/sed/awk/perl and other Unix text processing utilities are so big on the server side. Unix forms a complete programming ecosystem in itself apart from being an OS.Windows command line is not just weak but literally useless in this area. Its like saying just because anybody can use notepad, Emacs is useless. Reasons: -------- 1. Windows was never originally designed to work as a Server side operating system at the first place. They started to drive it on the server side when they first discovered the Internet had a huge commercial potential to sell machines on the backend. There fore all means of getting things done on a windows machine for a developer have to go somehow through a set GUI's to get work done programatically. This sucks from a programmers perspective, programming is all about level of customizability. 2. Command line on windows sucks, apart from just removing, adding files/directories and running commands anything else is just a pain. The UNIX command line is a complete interpreter in itself(bash). 3. The UNIX operating system is more than an OS, its a complete programming ecosystem in itself. The whole concept of everything being a file or a process is just so elegant. You can endlessly leverage native tools like sed/bash/awk/cut/tr/perl and other text processing utilities to solve any problem with a combination of text files and processes. Which is not easily possible with windows, heck using those tools on windows is big pain. They are often ported with limitations. 4. Debugging, is a breeze. Checking logs is a breeze. Text processing utilities and endlessly configurable tools make it very easy for system administration with the help of pipes. This is very crucial for system administrators. They often want to do stuff without the help of programmers to get quick solutions when they get paged at 2 in the night. 5. Many other development features like Inter process communication with tools like DBus. Sockets et al are vastly superior in UNIX than windows. 6. Many programming languages were developed(Perl/Ruby/C) with entire context of UNIX in mind. Therefore they natively work very well with UNIX. 7. Vast resources of knowledge of troubleshooting and maintenance available for UNIX. Which makes things newbies easier to deal with it. 8. Unix is open source, its freely available. And will be there for a long time. People who supply it do it on passion and pure volunteer effort and will do it for fun and because they like. Windows can be killed by anytime for profit. 9. Vendor lock in problems. I don't understand why I should use all MS specific software all over. I can't scale horizontally due to cost issues. Also apart from .NET developing for any other technology sucks on windows. 10. Lack of multiuser login, Servers need many people to login and work at the same time. For testing and for development reasons.Servers are just so much more than deployment only boxes. 11. GUI overhead, Why should I spend my computing resources on OS and GUI when I should I actually be spending them on my applications? 12. Registry is a pain on Windows, I don't have to worry about those hassles on UNIX. The list goes on and on... it seems that you're a coming from a strong UNIX mindset and that you try to forcefully shoehorn it to Windows I come from backend server based mindset and find it difficult to shoehorn the concepts there to a desktop operating system. For no justifiable reason. I still see no reason why I must use Windows on my backend. I fail to see the need to endlessly shoehorn Windows for all my backend tasks(powershell included) when I can get everything of that in a Vanilla linux installation. If you say Windows is good desktop operating system, you are correct in your own right. But literally there is no comparison between the UNIX and Windows on the server end. On the similar lines, there are many things in Windows (like directory share on network, printer settings) which are far more easier to use than on Linux. WTF are you talking about? Have you ever seen a Windows box since Windows 95? Why is it so difficult for people to make a point without making personal remarks? I guess that's the whole problem, Microsoft wants to be everything to everybody. Now just compare the same with Apple. They don't have 1/10th the product line as Microsoft and are still more successful. Focus is important here, when you do so many things and none of them properly you are ultimately in a situation where all your products are weak quality wise. There are always better alternatives in the market and people will feel compelled to switch to them. Imagine this happening with most of your products. Ultimately the whole ecosystem gets weaker. Even though your numbers may be looking good due to volume, that doesn't tell the whole story. Slowly your competitors one by one will drive you out of the market. Manufacturing is so much more than cost. I don't about US, but I tell you about India I country that I live in. I don't think as a country we will ever make up or compete with what China is doing currently. Although I can tell you you can hire people here at equally low prices. When you talk of manufacturing. The first sort is machine made the other ones are hiring human beings. The latter sort of is what is most tricky. You need people who are ready to do a repetitive job, that can add nothing to their knowledge on the longer and are ready to work for long hours for cheap wages. Most of that work is generally precision work that you can't do with machines. With machines, its a different story. You begin to see how you can recover your investment over time. But with people, you have to start to look at scalability issues. I don't know about America. But I think its worthwhile to ask a few questions. a. Is it possible to hire such large volume of people at such low prices in America. b. Will those people, be ready to work for long hours on repetitive mechanical oriented jobs. Which gives no value on a persons career on a longer run. c. Since these jobs are low paying, the retirement long term financial benefits won't be exciting. The health care benefits won't be much. d. Since industries have to be all at one place, for inventory co ordination, infrastructure issues et al. People will be forced to live in low rent houses. Often of sharing and accommodation basis. Is this lifestyle ok with those mass quantity of people. The way I see American lifestyle is more driven by spending, and expenses are really high for an ordinary American. Both in terms of daily expenditure and other issues like sending kids to college and medical benefits. The larger question is will the mass American crowd adopt to the lifestyle I describe? If the answer is yes, I see no reason why this can't be done in the USA. In fact if it can be done, then it must be encouraged. The government must make it easy and facilitate them. Why should the average American suffer because of me in India or some one in China. If any thing that can be done here(India/China) it can be done there(America) if the conditions are suitable.(both in terms of economic and other factors). When talking of learning in this sense, no one talks of reading the book from the first page to the last page. The learning is often sufficient to serve the needs at the moment. If I have to quickly fix my juicer, I don't under go do Electrical and mechanical engineering courses for the next 4 years. Instead what I do is, I define the problem. Search for the solutions on the internet. The solution requires me to understand some theory and some practical aspects of things with some tool usage. It is more than sufficient to that to solve the problem for the moment. That is how most of the software is, its practically impossible to know every thing from the book. What is more important today is given the body of knowledge can a person study and solve the problems. A person can be productive and deliver the goods with the above approach, With a little discipline. That's how most knowledge based work happens in the 21st century. I also see a lot of people around me trading stocks, although they understand virtually nothing about economics in detail. For the most the part they can make 10-15% profit on their investment by just using some basic analytical skills. You must hire people for two things to win big today's world. Productivity and Analytical skills. If you are searching people with specific factual knowledge, sure that is important but often that leads only to mediocre or average results. If you know how to do a thing before hand, that helps only in solving that kind of problems specifically. And that too only if the person is productive enough to do it in time. Any new problem or a change in paradigm of thought will require you to undergo the same regime of work what it would be for a newbie. They don't call learning a never ending process just like that. The biggest winning point in today's world is not knowing something. But discovering something quickly, and acting on it in time. If you are not hiring people for this you will end with a lot of work force which looks good, but doesn't necessarily translate to doing good. This is the biggest problem with education systems around the world currently. They impart facts and leave the person just there. Further its the individual responsibility to take that forward. The most brilliant folks who have done big around me have hardly been algorithm experts. In fact if you are one, you are not likely to take big risks. You are more than happy with the addiction towards that monthly salary. And what helps you pay of those college loans. The most successful around me are the ones, do a great thing. Think about the next step. Research about it, work on it with full productivity. Deliver.. Next step and the process goes on. If you hire people for factual knowledge you may hire the best, but you are sure to miss out the exceptional. This is probably the reason, why big companies fail to come with game changers. You get folks who are great at the regular day to day operations. But anything else, and you see the problems clear. I would say that you will feel this way once you see someone doing half the difficult job you do, but because of his productivity and problem solving skills takes huge strides because of the lack of good folks in the 'outsourcing quality' work that you describe. The day you see such a guy, you suddenly get a feeling about the what the hell are you doing being average among the crowd of algorithm writers, while you could actually be a leader earning great money and with a big designation. As we age we carry on a lot of financial responsibilities and money will play a huge role in the choices you make. You may give a great interview and go on to work with the brightest engineers at google and get lost in the brilliant crowd. At that time when you start reviewing your choices, you will get a feeling that you could have been unmatchable only if you had chosen a more easier career path. In short, There is no point being an average guy among a crowd of brilliant people. I am all for hanging out with smart people. Learning and working on tough problems. But If your even half serious about doing something big. Those leanings have to happen quickly. You will have to then go on by yourself. Do something on your own, lead and manage something big. My point was that there is no benefit in being the average among the best. But you can do wonders by being the best among the averages. Of course you can disagree with this. But more often, all you will need is certain guiding principles in life 'which you need to learn from smart people' after that you will have to the grind work individually on your own. The sooner you learn those principles the better. There is never going to be a situation where you will be carbon copying from those smart people all over the time. The other sort of learning, is incremental learning which happens all time, regardless of where or what work you do. Regarding specific life changing learnings, there are only going to very few of those in your whole life. On the other hand I see a massive drop in Python's popularity these days. Earlier it used to get all the talk. Coffee tables, forum discussions, debates what not. Also few days back, I used to run into people choosing Python as a language for their project all the time. That seems to falling rapidly now. The popularity and fan boy crowd seems to have moved to server side JS these days. We are only days away from how people bash Python for more recent fancier options. This is the problem with kids these days. We can argue as much as we can about generational differences. These days you can do a lot of things without knowing much about it before hand. That's the kind of advantage internet offers you these days. If a person is unable to leverage this to his advantage, I feel sorry for him. And I see no reason why others shouldn't do this just because he can't. This is amazing, I would like to narrate a story which happened with me, I come from low financial background. I have always been to education institutions where people are generally from around my background. During my pre-university college(10th grade + 2 years, In India) there was a guy who probably couldn't afford engineering. His dad used to work at a automobile mechanical shop. The guy bought a absolute dead discarded engine and built a small airplane with it. The airplane didn't do much. It would just moved around, struggle to take off, loose balance and fall over on the sides. But he was forced to learn so many things on the way. As his classmates we took huge pride in sometimes going to his home and helping him out. Very soon HAL(Hindustan Aeronautics Limited) took note of it, and sponsored his mechanical engineering. He is doing fine now. Generally when someone does something like this, its not for building an actual airplane, but just out of desperation to do something in life. The product is just a way to express what the person wants. This was around 2002, I hope I could show you the photo graphs. I don't think they were taken at that time. Affording a camera was a pipe dream then. But I remember there was a small article somewhere in the news paper back then, that's how HAL noticed it. It's better to build a crappy hovering device with the tools that you've got and the materials that you've got than to sit and comment about how crappy it is. Exactly, very correctly put. To be doing something is a lot better than commenting while sitting on the bylines. No matter how bad it is, building something material into existence is thousand times better than just talk. When effort and work is multiplied over time, the sheer volume of effort and work brings in success sooner or later. I have seen most people with degrees and especially brilliant ones hesitate to take risks. Probably that's because they feel after all the hardwork its better to have some safer alternatives than risks which don't necessarily guarantee returns. Now don't ask me to come up with survey/research paper. No one goes out and spends time/money/energy to prove each debating point. But I agree with you as well, there is no co relation between them. But unfortunately truth is often stranger than fiction. No one is denying that, the whole point is git must make it difficult to kill code that easily. A good tool must promote good habits, and make it difficult to make mistakes. I fail to see how Perl-golf style conciseness is inherently more "productive" (particularly when it makes it harder to understand and maintain operationally important software). Let me ask a simple question here, how does one possibly remember all the vi commands or emacs commands for that matter? The answer is no one sits down with sheet of paper and memorizes these sort of things. A person sits down and understands how to use a particular tool, and then later on he just looks up to some form of a reference. Over time this becomes just muscle memory. This where tools like Perl/Awk/Sed and other Unix text processing tools win over Python. You have to spend some learning how to use them initially after which you get very productive with them. For most people who don't have exposure to how much one can push the combination of pipes and Unix text processing utilities its a little difficult to explain it in words. You have to just use it to feel how power full they are. Often you can save days of effort writing lengthy programs and testing them. All you need to be is familiar with the Unix text processing utilities and know how sew them using pipes and you can amazing lot of work without writing any code at all. Perl has a special distinction that it not only helps you do all this things seamlessly but also makes a great scripting language for any task imaginable today. You get one platform for quick scripts plus application development of almost any kind. They didn't call Perl the swiss army knife and duct tape of the internet just like that. I don't think any other programming language has come to adapting practical software realities as much as Perl has. Every other programming language forces you think in one way or tries to force its paradigm you. On the other hand, Perl bends towards your paradigm. That to me is more than sufficient reason to use and go back to Perl again, because adaptability ensures survival on the longer run. A painter is never happy when the brush dictates his art. A painter is happy when the brush paints the way he wishes to dictate his art. I've noticed that most folks who default to Perl tend to write Perl in a manner largely inconsistent with the next guy's. I don't know how 'Perl crowd' is a distinct set of people. Speaking of programmers in general. If a group/person have/has bad habits/practices. That's going to spill over to any language they/he is ever going to use. No single language is an exception to this. By the way yesterday there was thread going on about how some one lost all his changes because he didn't commit his code regularly and blamed the problem squarely on git. Now here is the problem, how would have any other VCS saved from making this mistake. Languages do very little to influence a person habits. Besides there isn't a single language on earth today in which you can't write bad code. Actually one of the things I discovered while working with someone close/relative. Firstly they assume that you sort of come for a cheap price and won't have qualms or complains working for peanuts. Secondly they assume you are some sort easy punchbag to offload all their anger in case something goes wrong for which you aren't even remotely responsible. Somehow its assumed since you are close to them you won't mind taking all that. Part of what really pisses me off is, they feel its OK to make profit out of your work. But consider it some sort of a selfish action from your end when you expect to get paid for the work you do. I don't mind doing extra work for free sometimes. But when that sort of becomes a norm and you are expected to be the sacrificial goat for their profit, you must just politely call it quits. These days you can earn a lot of money working for yourself. No point in doing donkey work for others profit while you are eating grass yourself. I am from India, and pg I have a question for you. Its almost 1 in the afternoon here. So it must be midnight in the US. I also see you replying to posts during the US day time. If its not too personal, can you share you a brief outline of your schedule. I assume you do not procrastinate, but about the energy and how do you plan your tasks. Its sort of difficult not to call your posts trolling. Not having tools at hand is a major factor for not to pursue a project everywhere in the world. Not just in the open source world. I don't think Guido or Larry or Matz would have taken trouble to write a compiler to write Python or Perl or Ruby. Not to mention nearly all major open source projects and many other closed projects are using gcc one way or the other. I bet even Apple uses gcc in some way. Work happens by incrementally building on others work. Even Linus agrees RMS is one of the giants on whose shoulders he has stood to look farther. RMS might have some problems communicating in most socially accepted ways. But he has achieved and helped other achieve far more things valuable. And he has done it in time. A lot of people have built on top of his work. And a lot of that work has made a lot of money and provided employment. Its wrong to compare Steve Jobs and Richard Matthew Stallman. They are great in their own rights. But in terms of absolute comparisons, RMS has achieved far more than Jobs. iProducts are the cool must have gadgets of this era, they haven't changed the world any more than video games have. Remember that even though you went to an Ivy League school and they graduated from the local junior college, they need the same stuff as you. Not just that, Colleges are for learning and studying among bright people. From where does this idea that being from a Ivy league automatically makes you deserving of rewards irrespective of work come from? This sort of attitude comes because people generally go these colleges for brand-on-the-resume factor. In the real world, getting stuff done is all that matters. Whether a guy from Ivy league does it or some one who has never attended any school. Rewards must be aligned with work and nothing else. For somebody who is watching this from outside the US. This seems to be a very different kind of protests to me. These protests don't have the same flavor of the Middle east spring. Or even that took place in my country(India, against corruption), which had a very massive Middle class backing. More precisely, protests in Middle east and India were driven by a sense of desperation and last resort of helplessness. Protests in the US seem to be driven by frustration. There is a very evident thing that is emerging out of this protests. Lack of urgency and co operation from all segments of American society. By reading articles on internet what I see is, a very large section of the American society is still in two minds about how to go about it. This isn't a great sign for any revolution. Besides Americans don't face the same problems as the developing nations. There is genuine sense of urgency and desire among youth in developing nations to do some thing big and change their lives. They see macro changes in government policy as a way to achieve that. They feel such way because for decades they have been starved off opportunities, growth, money and development. There fore they see a genuine urgency in fighting for what they need right now. America doesn't have those kind of problems. You've had honeymoon period for decades now. You've had fastest developing Urban cities. Clean roads, great infrastructure. Values for capitalism inculcated in your culture. You've had the money and muscle power to twist any foreign government to do what you want. You gone to war and with little resistance achieved what you want. The problem seems to have started recently, after excessive spending on wars. Employment problems due emergence of China and India on world scene. Mess in the financial system due lack of regulations. You still don't have that magnitude of pain nor desperation to go to a tipping point to drive a full scale revolution. The American ego that its invincible as a nation is still carried by a lot of people. Although there is hardly any nation on earth today whose glory has remained for ever. I think budgets exist to solve that problem. When money comes from the people, it must go back to the people. But its seldom done that way. In case of the US it went too over board. With tax payers money being used to supposedly bail out large corporation and banks. Instead that money went into paying Jets, paying bonuses and insane severance packages to executives. Extreme forms of Antisemitism existed long before even Muhammad was born. You are probably referring to the outcome of a half a century long conflict. Yes there is a lot of anti-Jew factor in the Muslim world(I am a Muslim my self). But there is also a lot of anti-Muslim factor widely prevalent in the west too! Every bit of people on this earth have suffered with that problem. The Muslim world looks at these problems from their own view. Think of it this way, there was no signs of Israel in the Arab world around a century back, the settlements start. There are splinter groups. Slowly albeit steadily a vast majority of the native population was displaced to settle new set of people. A new nation is declared, backed by most powerful nations on earth. What was your country yesterday is not today and you are mercilessly kicked out. Now what sins did the natives do to deserve that? On top of loosing their lands, there is huge under development and humiliation since decades. How do you expect them to react? To quote Ben Gurion himself: I don't understand your optimism. Why should the Arabs make peace? If I were an Arab leader I would never make terms with Israel. That is natural: we have taken their country. Sure, God promised it to us, but what does that matter to them? Our God is not theirs. We come from Israel, it's true, but two thousand years ago, and what is that to them? There has been antisemitism, the Nazis, Hitler, Auschwitz, but was that their fault? They only see one thing: we have come here and stolen their country. Why should they accept that? They may perhaps forget in one or two generations' time, but for the moment there is no chance. So, it's simple: we have to stay strong and maintain a powerful army. Our whole policy is there. Otherwise the Arabs will wipe us out. - http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/David_Ben-Gurion Tomorrow if some state like California is invaded by some one, existing citizens of the state thrown out. How will those people react. Will they laughingly walk out of their homes, stay in tents and welcome the invaders with Garlands? And business goes around normal? There isn't a community on earth today which is different than any other community. People everywhere are just the same. When these sort of things happen friction is but natural but to take place. All nations and their people on earth or same, Jews, Muslims and Christians. No one is different. Now there is also a clash of cultures. Others like their culture as much as you like yours. To assume everybody must follow your way of life is unacceptable to any community on earth. I come from a nation(India) which hasn't attacked/invaded any country in thousands of years. We even got our freedom through complete non-violence. For thousands of years we absorbed other religions, cultures and languages and their people with open arms. Tolerance is not everybody's cup of tea. Friction will remain, the way out is tolerance and respect for others. Pardon my ignorance, Or may be I'm just out uninformed. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mac_OS_X - mentions, its under a proprietary EULA. But, you can't sell the idea that shark attacks were orchestrated by from Iran or anything like that. You can't sell that kind of an Idea to any people in any part of the world. But you see you can always tell there are Weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and go and invade them. Virtually tear their national infrastructure to shreds. Scare away investors and prospective companies from investing and forbid any sane economic growth in the foreseeable future. And Americans did buy that idea . Although no WMD's were found in Iraq. Do you still expect Iraq and their neighbors not to have sane opinions about America. Now come to think of it. Iran has been repeatedly harping that they have no intentions of producing nuclear weapons. What guarantees do we have from the US that they are right and Iran is wrong. After all there wasn't a shred of truth Iraq WMD thing. Why should they even trust you? I am not blaming Americans for this. But if you repeatedly demonize a set of people no matter who they are, after a some time no matter how absurd the argument vast majority of people will begin to believe in those lies. That's how Hitler managed to commit and get support to committing worst genocides in human history. People in the arab world, heck every in the world are just like Americans. They have families, every day lives to live and businesses to run. Just like you. There is no reason for me to take it personal. I am Indian, not an arab . By ethnic origins I might have Hindu ancestors. My point was people are every where the same. Jews or other wise. The problem exists because of massive trust deficit due to a long chain of history of events. We need tolerance from both the parties if they want to leave in peace. And lets hope they are sensible enough to realize that. I am great admirer of all cultures. I would love to visit Israel some day learn and experience Jewish culture to the fullest Well, Sorry at some places. Making it rain won't change anything. Heck, you may make it storm, or cause a earth quake to to happen or even a make Volcano to explode. Some workplaces are so strict about dress codes, they just won't change for any reason. Especially large corporate bureaucracies. They have a crazy like beliefs that dressing in some way will help their business more than actual work will. And going against those norms actually will work against you. Very true, Boot polishing manager's shoes works wonders in many companies. In a lot of places especially large corporates, Managers build their own gang. Loyalties run in the hierarchy throughout their stay in the company. Now you might be the greatest guy on the team, but if you don't accept the manager as the king you are screwed. Your effort goes down in the drain. You work real hard to prove yourself and you get branded as a bad team player. Yes you are expected, to give away your work to the managers favorite 'kids' in the team. I see this thing originates very early, even during the interviews itself. Such managers have knack to identify such people. And they generally get hired. Needlessly to say such managers once in the company won't rest until they have ruined everything they will ever touch. And people whom they hire replicate the same. This continues until the whole company is left to rot. There was also a time when number of people using Google were tiny. How would Google come to be what it is today, if the OS vendors of that era had out rightly blocked them? Well I would say that savings driven life is far better than the spendthrift side of things. Now this is purely personal choice. No denying. In my case I like to sit on piles of cash, without any debts and EMI's to pay. And loan interests to worry about. I like to live a tension free life at the same time get a realization that I'm getting rich. And if you do so, you actually see that a lot of luxuries come a little late, but they come at zero stress, worries and hassles to worry about. The lateness in affording things is often very differential and in my case at least has made very little difference. Over the years you are far better off having money, peace and tranquility in your life even if you drive the Mercedes two years late. Than having a Mercedes right now and all the while paying off debts endlessly in cycles(Home, Credit card etc). Now the point is simple, I don't really understand the spend thrift part of the world. Just because I don't dine at a seven star hotel eating a sever course meal, I doesn't mean I'm not eating well. I eat whatever I like, drink whatever I like and wear whatever I like. I just don't fall for the brands and buy 1 get two free kinda stuff. I can go with the same phone for some years provided that server the job for the moment. Which most of the times it does. I don't see any reason to have credit card(Yes I don't have a credit card at all). Its just if you don't succumb to peer pressure and blindly imitating others spending patterns. You sort of can end up saving really lots of money. With savings and investments you can really end up making a lot after a while. And then you can buy everything your want, retire early. Buy your dream home and live well. In fact this is more pleasurable than the other approach. Early retirement has a totally different meaning than retiring at an old age. At old age, you think of covering your medical expenses, sufficient enough money to take of your needs for food,clothing and shelter till your very soon to happen biological death. Besides you don't really have the energy and enthusiasm to enjoy the same things somebody young does. At an younger age retirement has a different meaning. It means traveling, riding your motor cycle in rallies to far off places. Roaming around the country trying out different sort of food, Playing video games and your favorite instrument during Sunday afternoons. In order to do all this you need a supply of money that isn't mediocre by measure. In this case, even if you have $900K (I don't know if this is sufficient in the US, I'm from India) that may not be sufficient to live a life of even mediocre decent luxury. If the idea is to live hand to mouth the rest of ones life, then retiring with $900K at 35 isn't bad idea. Other wise,... One has no option but to get back to work. There is only X amount of time and Y amount of energy you can use to 'maximize your income'. Now come to think of this. If you choose to go this way More expense imply more work. How long can you can you continue doing this. Unless you have a business which you can milk like a cash cow, a salaried employee can only go so far with 'Work more earn more' attitude to match his increasing expenses. The only approach is to know to how to save and invest appropriately. Debt is a dangerous thing. I don't think the same about governments. But I consider debt to be disastrous for individuals. The reason is simple a lot of your work, time and energy drains into paying the most scary thing invented by finance industry so far - 'Compound Interest'. This is especially dangerous in the case of credit card. The debt keeps mounting because of two reason, you being unable to pay and yet still continuing to borrow money. This sort of a spending patters brings a lot of pain to people every where. And all of this for what? Upgrading from iPhone 4 to iPhone 4s. Is this really worth? In this sort of set up people living with a savings driven life get a automatic lead ahead of spendings driven people. Because while you are working to pay off the interest money. He works for the same time and saves that interest money. I think it will be safe to say to say that if your paying X% money as interest to bank by working for hours Y(Remember you are loosing X% money, thereby in effect rendering your Y hours of work useless, as though it never happenned). The same X% is the money earned by the savings driven guy in the same Y hours(Additional to the money he is already earning. So this his extra income). You work to loose money and he works to get rich. Although both work for the same time. One gets richer other gets poorer. This is how bad debt can inflict suffering on you. These days you can be relatively rich by just saving money! And avoiding debt. Its really not about the syntax. Its about writing in AST. Availability of large set of libraries. And especially I find it very difficult to use it for my day to day uses(Places where I use Awk, sed and Perl) or in other words everyday practical needs. I still don't know How to start learning lisp as a beginner and use it for my day to day needs ? I don't think anybody today has the time to study the science behind lisp and then see where its useful to them. We want some thing that we can browse through and straight away go and use now ! Is there a recipe book? Huh, The problem is not whether Perl or C++ is bad. All languages have their own use cases. When their use cases go away, nobody feels the need to use the language. That's the golden rule for any language/tool that exists out there. Perl, C++ and even lisp even over a half a century are still alive out there because there are use cases that those languages serve very well. And a majority of the people feel compelled to use them. The reason why people troll is they feel they can convince others not to use the language they hate. C++ has a lot of problems, but compared to the other languages advantages it offers are many and it doesn't quite really have good competitors in those areas. We can go and talk about various other languages that you can compare with C++. But language itself is nothing. The surrounding ecosystem, libraries, books, help, availability of programmers, the total weight of the community with their combined wisdom over the years. In all those parameters, syntactical problems of a language count for very little things in the real world. There are more than sufficient real world scenarios out there where C++ has done the job exceedingly well. I have myself maintained large C++ applications. And have faced many problem like what others have mentioned before. But given our efficiency requirements, Java wouldn't last for an hour in our production environments. And given all the conditions I mentioned, there isn't really a clear alternative apart from C++. And I'm sure vast majority of the C++ project have the same reasons to use C++. Perl has its own niche. I don't really have time to write 100 line of Java/Python code with piles of exceptions of handling code just to read a file. I don't have time or the patience to deal with alien integration of Regular expression that Python offers. Python has other problems, It never evolved as a rapid scripting language, I still can't consider using python as a prototyping language. It has a little posh gloss to it. Python has nothing even remotely closer to CPAN. Compared to Perl, Python is no where in syntactical flexibility. Perl's documentation is just awesome, support for newbies is too good. And they seem to fixing all the problems in the new language Perl 6. I use scripting for rapid tasks which need urgent attentions. Some of that gets converted to production work. If that rapid aspect is missing I don't really consider that language a scripting language. And serious scripting language will have to provide means of easily modifying data of all kinds text especially. And also provide seamless integration with the Operating system. Python never provided me all this. Its never could become my primary scripting language. But I appreciate Python's other use cases. It has some awesome frameworks. And it has a very easy verbose syntax. And I'm sure it has plenty of use cases for people around. Now just because you like Python, don't go on endlessly trolling Perl. This has a been going for a decade now and is getting a little boring. Both language have their use cases and are likely to be there for a real long time. Whether you like it or not. As Bjarne Stroustrup mentions in his "The C++ programming lanaguage" - You must learn C++ not for a new syntax to do old things, but to build better systems. Its meant for distribution among poor kids in India's Rural areas. And those kids don't generally have access to a computer or laptop or any other computing devices in general. :) Yes, I think by mistake I hit the wrong reply button. On the longer term Richard Matthew Stallman would have ended up changing the world in a more meaningful manner than Steven Paul Jobs. We must not allow cult leaders and their status in judging value added to the world with their work. Come to think of it, what is the new thing that Steve Jobs bought to the world. Surely he bought the iPhone/iPad or the iPod. But none of that was something that didn't exist before. Phones, music players et al have been there for a century now. If the gloss and entertainment value of Apple products is the measure of Steve Jobs's success. The status of iPhone in this world is nothing bigger than video games. Those are just cool-to-have gadgets of our time. iPhone hasn't changed anything in the primary paradigm. People used still send emails, communicate and get entertained in the same ways they did before iPhone. iPhone just enabled that to happen in a easier way. But we have other things to learn from Steve Jobs, which have little to do with larger implications on Software on the longer run. He is role model for totally different set of tasks. On the other hand, here we have RMS. Who has a proven record for fighting for something that will decide how we will use and control what we buy or build over the foreseeable future. He is also a giant who has enabled, developed and helped developed FOSS software that is helping running thousands of dollars of business today. Richard Matthew Stallman is trying to show us the moon, but some of us are busy pointing mistakes in his finger Very true, Actually vast majority of people can never tell the difference between perceived truth and the actual truth. "I see a gap in your resume. Why were you out of the work force for 10 months?" Is asking this question illegal? Girl or Boy - Shouldn't it be OK for the candidate to give an answer to such a question. I'm failing to see anything offensive in the nature of the question. Please let me know about it, I'm about to interview someone and I don't want to look offensive or rude. One of the things that I see among hardworking smart people is they somehow tend to use 'difficult work' as a yardstick to measure 'good work'. Difficult work need not necessarily be good work. Unfortunately if you fall for this, you will end up wasting a lot of time, effort and energy over years and at the end wonder why you are not as rich as someone who does has half the difficult work as you do. 'Good work' or something that brings long term financial success and happiness is something that adds value to business you are serving to write software. There are also many academic kind of jobs which involve a lot of algorithms, math and precision science which won't deal with much of flavor business software has today. That's not wrong if you are a academician by profession, but that's a serious problem if you are doing software development for a living. Much large of software development today, has got to deal with learning tools, knowing how to use a programming language to quickly turn idea to code, or fix a bug or add a feature. Apart from this you must also know how to quickly discover solutions to problems, even by searching on the internet. Being able to discover has become more important that being able to invent these days. Additionally you must know how to push long hours, work late nights and may be on weekends. All this has fundamentally nothing to do with software. All passion of working on something interesting, changing the world et al is perfectly acceptable in your early 20's when you relatively have lesser responsibilities. As we grow older our responsibilities will only increase, the bills and expenditure will grow up. For vast majority of people, thinking pragmatically in this case is important(I'm not saying this for everybody, some can. Not all will make it, those how will not have to take the most pragmatic way out). That's probably why start up's are not for everyone. And that's why php et al is still alive. Anything that helps you make those first dollars will win. This is the sad thing about the real world. Learn, but use the most pragmatic tool at the moment to serve your business. I would like to explain this in more detail. Imagine a person is working to deliver a business application, a typical application with a OO language that interacts with a database. And he sort of uses the normal set of tools for the job. He uses a version control system, bug tracking/time tracking systems. He uses scripting to do data heavy lifting tasks, he learns SQL and learns to use various features of a RDBMS. He also learns techniques for medium level scalability(learns how to use cache etc). He learns to use the IDE, the API's. He begins to learn Unix in greater detail and how to use that for development and deployment. He learns how to test, write unit tests. He also learns best practices. He does regular code reviews. He learns the process of collecting requirements, delivering finished stuff. Talking to customers etc etc. All these things that I mentioned, have virtually very little to do with diving deep into Computer Science aspects. Yet this is the story of nearly every software shop out there. If a person can just focus on doing that stuff properly he can be a lot ahead of the regular crowd. And make real good money too. This also the place where you can get into project management and still have you handson going. Because there aren't major paradigm changes to this once you get used to them well. All you need to do is keep in touch with some latest stuff and you can really end up making a lot of money. And still continue to climb the corporate ladder, be a good management and have good control over technical stuff. Now image an another scenario. You join a major big web corp, they hire you to write difficult algorithm stuff. Sure your passion will help you learn. But compared to the first guy your opportunities to interact with business are so scanty you really will miss out the big money stuff. The same thing happens with start up's. Also you will no longer be the reap the management pie , you will always continue to write code. And the biggest problem with our society is management drives the value addition. You will just end up being a implementer in their hands, you won't end driving up much value and with that definition money too. Over the years you miss out on the whole ecosystem, and you just won't have flow to compete with your peers if you ever want to get back and compete with them. Also the the first kind of jobs have many low hanging fruits to make lot of money. Also about start up's like OP mentioned: The high-percentage outcome is you work really hard for the next couple of years, fail ingloriously, and then be jobless and looking to get into another startup. If you really wanted to get into a startup two years out of school, you could also just go work at a megacorp for the next two years, earn a bit of money, then take your warchest, domain knowledge, and contacts and found one. People have to understand, when you fail you loose time, and also the money which you had else made if you hadn't failed. Sure go for the funky job. But also understand the risks behind them. Not all start up's, Big web corps are going to help you be big. There are good enough cases where people have made it big working there. But there also good enough cases where people haven't. When everything is going smooth and as expected its all milk and honey, but if it doesn't you are really toast. I would say, Big corp jobs really are not as bad as they depicted to be. If you do the right stuff(Just do the bare minimum properly), you actually can be quite successful and go quite far both in your career and money wise. And most important as I said, just merely doing technically difficult job automatically won't imply both career and financial success. That wasn't point of the post, the point was mere doing technically difficult work and then assuming that will help you get that edge is often wrong. Or putting it the other way, you must do what it takes. The problem is few people take it as a gospel truth that if the problems you work on are difficult you've got win bigger than the guy working lesser difficult problems. This goes even further with some people who consider the only way to win big is to work with difficult problems. That is when people get it completely wrong. I think you have put it very well. This is something that I have always wondered. Leave alone some bad places, lets take the example of a good place. Consider a large corporation which is a pretty good place. But you also have a your usual large organisation crowd-control policies. If a person can't make use of good opportunities, experiment and learn in such a place, I doubt whether the same guy will do any good at a reputed place(like big web shops today) or even a start up. Or more appropriately, only people who are capable of doing good in large corporates can do well in a start up. Or vice versa. If you can't do well in big company without any thing stopping you, you are not likely to do well in a start up either. Start up's are not some magical places of congregation which will give you edge over your career without any considerable effort. Wherever you are, you've got take personal interest and steps to learn, work and make your mark. A more important thing is you won't really need much of those data structures and algorithms for nearly 99% of the tasks that your are likely to do in any large corporate/typical business driven software today. Most of the data structures that you will need are covered by the standard tool kit that comes with the language. Most of your common sorting and searching needs come covered with the libraries. But you sort of need to have other skills, like productivity , delivering extra value to business etc. Also I don't see why all that is wrong. After all software there is written to make money. And if something helps you do that with ease. It's perfectly OK. You don't have to always take the most difficult path to prove you are good. Doing what is required to 'get things done' is just good enough. You are making the assumption that working in a Start up always compensates for the losses through equity. That is true only if the Start up wins and ends making money or sells for good enough amount to money pay you that chunk. But if it doesn't you loose time and money. And have to deal with added frustration of that loss and finding a new job. At the same who is almost as good as you would have never been through all that. Made more money with the same learning experience as yours. Its not about the positive scenario that's the problem here. Its the negative scenario. Engineering is a older profession that Medicine. Remember it was wheel and before that tools to invent the wheel that got invented. Software is a sub branch of engineering. Like veterinary doctors. In fact man kind had taken huge leaps in engineering before they took in medicine(Stuff like Pyramids of Giza etc). Doctors and Lawyers have a nature of work which if done badly or of subjectively low quality a persons quality of life gets very hugely impacted. Its like high risk, high gain. No, they do have. Not just primitive cultures. Even older than them. There have been huge marvels of engineering for daily lives and occupation. Like Irrigation system in Indus valley civilization( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indus_Valley_Civilization ). That sort of a system can't be built by adhoc work. You will need dedicated people to plan, design and implement it. Its more or less as advanced as any decently large irrigation project today. Except that it was more difficult for them. They didn't have many things at their disposal which most engineers today have(which made their job more difficult than we can imagine) While biological sciences were still in Infancy then. >>The Hacker News community has a bent towards "startup = happiness" This is something that even I have observed, in some cases I have even seen when people take it like "only startup = happiness". You are not getting the whole point about business. Businesses run on supply-demand scenarios. Only every once in a while something new comes around like iPhone, or Google search or Windows operating system etc etc. And the likeliness of you working on them are as close to negligible. Otherwise what ever you will ever work on, where ever you will ever work at, and its success will often have to often abide by the laws of supply and demand in the market. And the money and long term success flows in the direction where the supply-demand flow is. When you are talking of big IT bellwethers, they are in a business of supplying services at affordable costs. Aren't you seeing the massive potential in this business? today maintenance and services massively outweighs product development and this is time tested truth. Because once you develop something you have to maintain it all the time. Also this is the only business, where you can retain your technical hands on and still climb the corporate management ladder. Combining both parts of the world. This will give you an edge, to add value in both areas. Also these companies, offer massive infrastructure, training and experimenting grounds which a start up in India can never possibly offer. You also get access to great books, and huge network of good people. If you are lucky you get opportunities to travel around the world, doing business,learning and enjoying various cultures around the world. Also their pay is difficult to match. The start up scenario in India is really messed up badly. After so many years we get to see only one flipkart and Infibeam. And from what I have been hearing its no honey and milk there. Its your usual 'safest way to production' route that they take. They are generally Java heavy shops. I wonder if all this trouble is worth. If all you want to work is on Java. After few years if you see you peer in a big IT bellwether(who is/was as good as you) being more successful in terms money and life style. Don't be surprised, he is in a place where there is steady supply of money and opportunities. Its like you will be average among the best. And he will best among the average. Another thing that I have noticed is start up's in India and especially founders are extremely stingy. They tend to see developers as tissues(use and throw entities). And chances of large number of people making into start up's are also lesser. And there aren't too many good start ups. Also these Indian IT companies did a major job of propelling India to global IT forefront. If they were to go away, we will loose massive amounts of employment opportunities, exposure and more importantly confidence to open start ups in the future. Remember they were themselves start up's some time back. You have bought some important points. And they are quite valid. >>If you're straight out of college, don't worry much about the salary, or the size of the company -- just go for the team that you're going to learn from. It can be the difference between launching your career and running it into the ground. I would say a MegaCorp experience is important for quite many reasons apart from just programming. There N number of things that are as important as programming to your success. Which you can't really learn in start up's for all sorts of reasons. Initial MegaCorp experience and then followed by good start up work looks a little better to me. This is probably one the hidden chess moves any start up can make once they've used you up like tissues(to use and throw). Of course once they have sufficient money and sales oriented CEO and senior executive staff, in the name of that's better for the company they can do anything they want. This is one of the things that scares me about working at a start up. Remember the early employee is spending his time and compromising on his salary for that stock. And pretty obviously he works his heart out to make the company successful. Dumping them just like that, once you've squeezed the juice out of them seems a very unethical thing to me. And this is one of the things that actually prevents some good folks from working at a start up. The worry that you will used like a work horse during the tough days of the company and then later dumped when the CEO sees a he can add another million to his account by dumping you is a major worry for any good person to work at a start up. One thing that needs to be realized that not every body in the start up area is in for passion for software or changing the world thing. You have to be careful before deciding to work at some place. Doing a little back ground check on the founders will help. They don't bother much. For most these people, who are basically sales and operation guys. They are made believe in their MBA classes that if they have a brand name and atleast one successful product they will never need any technical talent to run the company. And they can sell anything every after with operations tuning they teach them during their MBA classes. And that they can virtually sell anything by marketing, advertising and brand positioning. And that engineers and technical staff is merely a commodity which just needs to be used like raw material to convert it money later. They are basically in for cashing on pre-IPO gold rush. For me this is more than sufficient to be cautious before working at any start up again. This isn't surprising, not everybody in the game is for building something or for changing the world or for passion . Someone is here only for the money multiplication factor. Sales, advertising, marketing and your usual MBA subjects are all about that. That is, not to care about what you are selling, but to create an illusion which gives an opportunity to amplify that seed investment. That is the time to cash on and move on. Also more importantly they gave a $40,000 bonus as payable in the future because they wanted you to do $40,000 work now but didn't have money to pay you. Its not about chef or a Janitor or whatever. Why are these people acting as though only a few have the right to be rich ? Why can't a Janitor be rich? Why can't a chef be rich? What really is so wrong with it? This attitude is so despicable! So anybody who doesn't go to a big Ivy league, or some one who doesn't have an MBA next to his name or hasn't worked at a investment bank can't be rich? Which in case, what this really turns out to be is alternate form of slavery where a selected few have to resign themselves to a lesser standard of life to serve the remaining self chosen elite and act in every way such that the elite are benefiting. If you want some job to be done and you are ready to pay for it, money/stock or whatever. And you promise and the contract so. You just need to pay up. That's it, it ends there. You don't get the work done, squeeze the juice out of the employees. Then one fine day realize that what you promised is now worth a lot of money. So you suddenly dump them, loot all the money yourself and say that they don't deserve it. You had promised that it was worth paying something for some one from some work. So now when it is time to pay up. Just pay. So essentially what you are saying is, that someone can hire with a promise and a contract that they will paid less now, but be compensate through stock later. Under the premise that the employee will have to do all the work required for the company's success, give his full. The company expects the employee, to take the risk of loosing money through lesser monthly salary and loosing out money on stocks(which happens if the company doesn't do well), but yet not sacrifice even a atom worth work in effort. And yet when the company is successful, now the company feels it has rights to dump the employee and deny all the compensation for work, risk and lesser monthly pay. And all this for what? Because you suddenly realize that somebody whom you had promised to pay is getting big money. And you feel out of your own self elitist attitude that he doesn't deserve it, then you decide to dump him so that you can pocket money instead. Seems like classic tissue example to me. People being used and thrown. Promised, money so that you can work hard to make the company successful. And then when the company is done squeezing the last drop of juice out of you making money. Dumping you, as they no longer need you. >> You can stop - wildly successful entrepreneurs are not saints. I think Steve Jobs is an even clearer example of this. This is a very valid point. In fact there is a statement from Steve Jobs's biography, that he wasn't too much for loyalty in fact more like he was anti loyalty. There is nothing great about this thing. Screwing people just because they can, for absolutely no mistake of theirs has often been the quality of a lot of people with power. This sort of a attitude comes because they think they are invincible, powerful and can do anything they can and get away with it. And we are responsible for some extent too. We keep idolizing bad boys so much. Ultimately being bad begins to look cool. What really is a important question to ask now is Would anybody worth their salt really want to work or deal with them anymore ? If I know someone is going to rip me off sooner or later. I am not going to do business with him. One of the key things in dealing with failure really is not to worry too much about what the world thinks about you or your failure. Not to succumb to peer pressure. The society is ruthless in criticism towards people who take risks and fail. They are sort of used up as examples for other people. I have relatives, two of whom died out of extreme stress and tension(Heart attack and Cancer) because they took loans beyond their means, were unable to repay it back and put a huge burden on their dependents. This is one example of taking risks which people really can't sustain. None of which is needed. Although you must not worry about the world, at the same time you must not take unnecessary financial risks beyond your means. Because we are people and we go through emotions, and sometimes for things beyond our control we are responsible not just for our lives but for many other people around us. And when we take huge risks, we put both ourselves and people around us under that risk. Now when we can't deal with that risk and we fail, things go worse very quickly and we commit suicide or die out of a disease(fallout of stress). Nothing is more important than health, and being happy. Take calculated risks. And if you fail, forget about it and start over. Don't do things which put you in these situations at the first place. And if you are in that situation, seek help and deal with it with it patiently. Jack Dorsey does 8 hours at Twitter, 8 hours at Square, 0 hours at life, daily. Sorry to say, but considering the amount of work we do daily. Its difficult to separate work from life. Work and life aren't two different things. Work is life, and life to a great extent is some kind of a work. To make your life awesome, you have to do awesome work. >> I think startup politics generally reflects the power structure surrounding it; whether that be founders or investors that hold a relatively big stake in an organization, or the society surrounding it. Its not about who holds power or has a bigger stake. Its just that people need to stick to the promises made and pay up as agreed. Beyond that its your usual economics. Just because investors have put in the money its no reason for them or a senior executive who just joined the company and realized cheating developers on equity can help him earn another millions during the IPO, gets a chance to redefine what meritocracy according to him is. And its no reason, to suddenly consider all developer contribution useless without any merit to deserve stocks and that only some one with a Business designation next to their names are the only ones to deserve stock. >> This suggests that Larry Wall was happy to create a kludgey language for the sake of just getting things done. Don't really know what to reply to this. Is this your speculation, or do you have a citation to back this up. Have you had some programming experience in Perl? Perl is the only programming language(the other tool is emacs) I have learn't so far which gives exponential gains in productivity with a linear learning curve. No other scripting language remotely comes closer to Perl practicality and pragmatism in the real world. Python and Ruby aren't even closer. All beauty and other merely-for-talk stuff aside, For serious applications nothing is beating C++/Java in the larger scenario. And Python and Ruby never came to match Perl's glory. Python's glory is fading pretty quickly. The web crowd is going to the next cool framework . Ruby tends to be pretty famous these days. Perl is truly among those first things done right tools. Nothing will ever replace C, Lisp, Perl, Unix, Emacs kind of tools completely. Because whatever tries to replace them, ultimately ends up looking up very similar to them. Pure trolling. Call it whatever you like, but I have observed Python related posts/discussions experiencing a rapid decline. Clojure/Ruby et al are beginning to take more center stage now. In most discussions, which used to be generally a buzz with Python web frameworks these days doesn't even get a slight mention of Python. Nothing wrong here, Python was the trend of the near past. There are newer trends these days. And there will other newer trends in the future. That's how it is, every couple of years. Something new comes to replace the famous. That's how technology works. Now just because you don't like what you read, it doesn't automatically amount to trolling. >>* All Amazon does is provide the hardware and network infrastructure to run on. It is not a magic bullet that says I don't need to have these people around*. Even in this case, I would still like to excuse my self of the headache dealing with real estate, electricity, air conditioning etc. In other words supporting factors required to keep the data center up and running. Unless you are going to need ridiculous amounts of servers, its just not worth your time dealing with other support operations and its infrastructure. Hiring, managing and maintaining the staff full time to this job is not easy and takes a lot of your time. For some large company it makes perfect sense to focus on data center infrastructure and support. But for small companies you are far better off letting some one else handle it and focus on your primary work. Thanks for the honest reply. But come to think of it in an another way. If you actually let some one else focus on the issues you don't necessarily need to handle you can focus well on issue you actually need to work on. But, yes its all about personal preferences and I respect your preferences. In my case I would actually let some one else do the job I don't necessarily have to do and use the same time to do well in my actual job. Actually I was replying to the parent comment: >>Call me insane because I sure do love spending time in a datacenter, it's one of the few times working in IT you really get to do something with your hands, and that does have a certain appleal to me. We are both saying the same thing. You need to draw a line between "fun" and how much feasible it is to afford that fun. Most people don't need a data center, but still want it. All passion and fun talk aside. Sometime you need to look at it very pragmatically. That was my point. Interesting, Can you please illustrate with an example how this could possibly end up looking like? Will be nice to have something like this. Actually nothing ever truly replaces those classic tools bash/awk/sed/perl. But every now and then you will see being compared with a . And then told since the is a little famous now, its likely to replace the and that actually proves is dead and is actually going to replace the in the future. Then suddenly expect a stream of tweets, blog posts and forum discussions on how useless . Please replace by "Perl","SQL","Php". Please replace by "Python","Ruby","Tcl","NoSQL","Django".. Please replace by Google search stats or Tiobe(Which is the same ,but presented differently metric). How is this any different, like using any tool used by any profession by a professional frequently. Programmers, Musicians, Carpenters, Chef's, Drivers and almost everyone in those lines use their tools frequently enough such that their usage is committed to muscle memory and not the usual think-act-think cycle. That's also because most problems are matched to solution patterns. You might have seen this while working with the programming language you have mastered. If there is syntax error, you generally don't read the entire error message. You just ideally read the template and the 'fill-ups' in the template and the line number. You go straight without bothering much and fix it. Same with an editor. There are some things that you do so frequently, its actually better and efficient if the editor enables muscle-memory use cases than Apple product's kinda UI design. Its precisely this 'problems matched to solution patterns' thing that will some day enable us to do drag and drop programming. There will ready templates for each problem each of which will match a solution pattern. We will just parameterize the templates. To an extent this is already there auto-complete, macros, template driven programming etc. But in future we may see full scale stuff like this. Anybody's mom need not has to be as proficient or even use Emacs as much you or I need to be proficient playing a violin or a piano. This also means musical instruments have to be designed to be optimal for musicians who play them regularly not for general amateurs like us who play them once in a while. Same for a code editor. They need to be optimized for programmers not general masses. Well changing to another editor, just for the looks of it. Looks like a very bad idea. Editors are productivity tools, not religions that if you don't use one you will end up going to hell. Learning is good. But if you are using vim and you are productive enough then building on top of it will help you more than learning Emacs from the scratch. Eclipse largely wins because for verbose languages it fills in the gaps in the templates pretty well. But for large text manipulation, automation, and non linear gains in productivity, Emacs is better designed to enable those than Eclipse. Not exactly. If all the user wants is a editor. Which generally acts as a cache for temporary text a general user wants to use somewhere else. There is always notepad or wordpad. There is also a word processor called Microsoft Word. Which generally does more than sufficient job. There are sufficient enough alternatives. Emacs can't become notepad just to become usable to general users. Emacs's design case is for programmers who need to do a lot text lifting, execute repeated patterns of complex text editing. Keeping all this in mind Emacs is designed, to facilitate use of macros and alikes. There are also key bindings to enable short cuts to do that sort of automation quickly. Also there is a huge repository of what the community considers 'common pattern of solutions' to most problems developers face while editing code. Emacs is mean't to provide large gains in productivity while coding for long hours. Notepad is designed for a few minutes of use by a user. Vim is optimized on similar line of Emacs, but in a different usability case, which is also awesome and serves some users pretty well. Also we already have drag and drop programming to a very large extent these days. Most people working on SAP, and package based solution don't see code in years. But they actually do a lot of programming. In most mega corporations there are business units, where there are consultants, who do a lot of domain logic coding by mere button clicks on GUI. You will surprised how many large number of people are actually with that sort of a thing these days. Not to mention armies of Java programmers. If auto complete weren't to be there how many Python and Java programmers and their supply in the industry will actually scale? Given the verbosity and configuration hell I doubt even half of that would be possible. Even the mere existence of those programmers is dependent on the existence of eclipse. Remove away eclipse today, and you will see the supply of Java programmers will fall by 90%. Even those 10% available programmers will suffer a massive decline in productivity. We are already in the drag and drop era. We are just not realizing it. Since we are doing it in different ways. >> We need people to invent things. We need new things. Change is good, it's inevitable. This is right, but something like Emacs isn't a joke to invent, maintain and grow. Look of it something like, Emacs is a tool designed to work hundreds and thousands line of code. And that's only a beginning. You need to make all that text context sensitive to each other. You need features to make enable heavy text lifting, automating complex text editing, and then enabling them all through macros. And not just that, you need features to run a shell inside the editor. You need to enable code-checkin features. May be to do to a quick check you need to read some news or read email. You need enable code profiling, features to enable seamless debugging. You also need to manage to-do lists. As you will see the list is only growing. And again, you need to make all that programmer friendly, you need to enable to do all that through just keyboard because tend to be in efficient source of input for that kind of editing. How many tools since the advent of programming have been to do all that? And still be maintainable, relevant and usable for so long as Emacs and vim? I hope it was as easy to build a editor that would make coding all milk and honey. But with generations of programmers and their combined effort is what Emacs and Vi is all about. I wouldn't group Python with Java, But I would group a bunch of programmers common to Python and Java. Python attracts the same major group of programmers as Java because it has a very low barrier to entry. It has all the qualities that you would need build a army of programmers. But unfortunately that quality also has a downside, you tend to get a lot of people who need tools and stuff to help them overcome their personal shortcomings. If you make the tool very easy for novices sure you will get a lot of novices, but they won't really like to take the extra step beyond those initial steps. This is also the crowd that is in love with verbosity. Verbosity in every thing, code, configuration etc. Because it helps them to write more than they think. Whereas ideally you must be thinking more than your write. Unfortunately Python belongs to the former school of taught. Good to know you develop Java applications with vim. I don't see that as a very productive thing for the rest of the world. They are better off using eclipse. I think you are talking about a variant of task priority management. All this at the end boils to down to do managing a todo list well. Talking about 'How much someone is rich' without talking about 'How someone became rich' is so plainly wrong. You have to work in order to make money. And to make a lot of money you need to work a lot, or at least harder. To do that you need to know how to use your time well. Understanding some meta aspects of work is very important. And sometimes studying nerd lives can give you how they manage those meta aspects which affect the actual aspects which make them money. This is actually true, you've got to consider the amount of work they do for the money they get paid. But it's a totally different thing, that they get to work on a lot of stuff that helps them make money. In other words getting an opportunity to work such stuff is what makes those jobs special. This is true even for software, if you are putting in enough effort in the correct direction and making those decisions right. Then there are good enough odds that you are going to make a lot of money. Heck, this is true with nearly every profession ever. Do a little more than others and make right decisions. You will be pretty rich someday. 90% of success involves, merely showing up, doing the right thing, doing a little extra, taking an occasional calculated risk and making right decisions. If you can push 12-16 hours with these qualities, trust me there are very few people who can even compete with you. And this is true in any area of work. Ok, this is going to be a little big. Firstly before giving you out details on how I manage my money. Let me first let me tell you I'm an Indian, currently staying in Bangalore. This is important to understand the economic background from where I come. To give you a brief background, I come from a relatively poor backgrounds. And trust me poor in India translates to very poor in USA. My dad was a cab driver and mom a teacher at a school. Me and my sister are the only kids parents have. They slogged their whole life to get us decent education. Throughout my teenage and childhood, I witnessed first hand how difficult life gets without money. Many a times we didn't have money even to pay for my school fees. We used to stay at relatives place in a small room. The whole family in a hall. We used to get clothes probably once or twice a year. I still remember I didn't wear shoes until I got my first pay. The first month I had borrowed my Uncle's shoes. Until even 22, The only clothes I wore were either borrowed or donated. During my pre university college and engineering, I've survived on scholarships. I used to get around 2 rupees a day to live on. Given that, I used to be able to eat my lunch only once a week. That is all could afford. If there is anybody who knows what hunger is, its me. I've seen first hand, how it feels to see some one eat stomach full in front of you, while you just look at them and hope you had gotten that opportunity to eat that meal. Coming to how I managed my finances and came out of all this. a. Firstly my dad, got himself a cab of his own. This was a risk we took. He used to drive nearly 24x7, he got rentals more frequently. More importantly he was able to get a lot of personal clients who were ready to pay a little more for the excellent services he offered. One great thing about my parents is although we live in near hand to mouth conditions. We saved money and invested like no one. And we used to do that very frequently. b. Gold savings, Making a routine habit of buying a little gold helped our family a lot. Over years, Gold prices have gone up real high in India. I helped us sell of a lot of ornaments we purchased to buy real estate later. Incremental investments are crucial. c. Disposing Gold at the right time, to buy real estate not in the city. But closer to the city. Keep an eye on the real estate market. There are always opportunities to buy cheap properties, which are not good now but will be good in the future. In fact the whole concept of an investment is to work towards a future prospect, not current. d. Get yourself a good savings plan. A penny saved is a penny gained. Know how much is sufficient for you X years from now and plan accordingly. e. Learn to live content and frugal. Differentiate between needs and wants. You don't need to keep changing the iPhone model every year. That's waste of money. Don't fall into mindless consumerism. Especially buy a get 2a free stuff kind of things. Learn how you can cook at home, avoid hotel meals. They are neither healthy nor economical. Occasional family outing is Ok, but frequent ones spoil you. Don't fall for show off, know what you need and stick to it. People's perception don't matter. f. I don't have/take any loans, credit cards, dues as a life principle. Interests are the most dangerous thing. They make your life miserable. Get out of the debt as soon as you can and don't go into it ever again. g. Don't buy stuff you can't afford. h. Get your self endowment insurance policy. The things that allows you small investment over years. Covers you for life, but yet gives you a huge sum of amount at some period. This also takes care of your retirement planning. By Gods grace,I am in good conditions now. By merely learning how to manage my monthly salary well. Thanks to my dad for teaching me this. Small expenses, savings matter a lot. Over time they get multiplied. Its in your hand to manage your money. If you earn 100 rupees, sure enjoy 40 rupees. Save 30 rupees and invest 30 rupees. Incremental savings and investments matter a lot. This is the most important thing you must remember. Don't bother about what others are thinking or doing. You plan for your future. No one is going to help you when you are in trouble. So save and invest whatever you have. Above all work hard, work your life off. Going far requires making sacrifices and undergoing pain. Show up on time, do the right thing and a little extra than others. Take the occasional risk and make right decisions. If you can do all this 12-16 hours a day. Success is inevitable. Its karma. You will be ahead of at least 95% of the crowd. You can certainly be a programmer in 12 weeks, but you will be different programmer than what we are expecting here. You can also learn programming by reading 'Learn programming in 30 days'. But that is a very different kind of programming than what most people are expecting in this thread. You can learn enough programming to begin to understand how to work with software. It gives you a start. It also works if your job is extremely trivial. And I think the target audience for the book is those kind of people. Coming to programming as a profession, in that case there are a lot of aspects that influence your full time profession, among that is giving your full learning every detail of programming and related ecosystem. Other aspects are productivity, management, analytical skills, UI design, requirements gathering, people skills. Also there are many other things required to win in practical software environments like working under tough deadlines, learning to deal with frequent stress and burnout. Keeping in touch with rapidly changing tech scenario, tools and languages. The list goes endless. I haven't covered even a percent of what I wanted to write. Your regular data structure and algorithm sauce is probably 1% of what is required to win in practical software development today. There are 99% of other things which are not taught in books, colleges and universities. You have to learn them through experience, by working. So just in case you think you have spent 10 years learning all the secret recipes in computer science books but are not good in other areas. You are no better than the 'Learn programming in 30 days guy'. Because if has problems in a set of areas, you have equal number of problem with another equivalent set. This is something I have seen among so many bright, people with great academics, who don't make it big in the industry. They just don't understand so many practical aspects of the industry. Just like how 12 weeks programming guy doesn't understand all aspects of practical programming. >> but your comment largely renders advanced degrees, like PhDs, about as useful as some poorly written Java book with regard to success as a software engineer. I am not saying that at all. All I'm saying is, as programmers we tend to assume knowledge of text books and programming is all that is needed to win. And that if you have it, that is all there is that it takes to win. This is largely untrue. I have seen that this is hardly what it takes. It's important to learn the fundamental and concepts, but if you are bad at everything else. In the the practical scenario you and the 12 weeks programming guy will both sail in the same boat. You will be bad at one set of things, and he will be bad at the other. I would do the same. But if I find 12 weeks guy to be more productive than the CS guy. I will be hiring the 12 weeks guy not the CS guy. I'm hiring people for getting stuff done. Not just because they know something. The definition of success itself varies among most of the people. Some people wish to make a dent in the universe, some people just want money. Some people want both. Some people just want to be famous and remembered. Some people want to be something important part of an ecosystem who get to decide a lot of things. Some people just like Power and social status. Some people are in just for the fun of the game. Some people just want to be happy. List can be really long. Basically its what you truly want. Depending on that there are different things you need to be successful. There is no silver bullet. >> "But who said everything has to be fun? Pain builds character. (Sometimes it builds products, too.)" Exactly. In fact all fun thing is said to make your position look a little good. Its not good if you depict the path to success as a painful journey. To make your story glorious you need to look like a hero and for that you need depict accomplishments in the most glorious way and make them seem effortless(fun). Imagine a situation, if you are giving an advice to a young man. You will rather tell him to work on things he likes to work(fun) than on the ones he doesn't like. Although this is the advice in theory you would like to give. Deep within yourself you know very well, doing something big will require you to do stuff you don't like to do. Undergo, pain and sacrifice which you wouldn't like to endure normally. Also 'struggle' is one the reasons most normal people are OK with their normal lives. I think most people just lack the required level of motivation and desire to overcome the pain to undergo the 'struggle' in the path to success. Most people just drop the plan to work hard calling it 'not worth it'. People like to believe in a easy way out. They like to believe luck exists. Because that will give them an unfair advantage over others. That is, they can get rich even without working. Hardwork is so inglorious, it make success look obvious. And moreover when you look at the big picture. It looks karma. There is always, repeat always who is going to do more work than you. That's fundamentally how competition works. And the one who does more work than you do, will always have an edge over you. Both on the shorter and the longer run. There are rewards to do that extra. And that motivation will always drive a person to do more work than you do. And trust me inevitable he will end up being successful someday. You may do a quick comparison and call that extra work 'not worth it' when you compare against other aspects of your life that demand time. But after say a decade when you look back and find that guy to have taken a huge leap ahead of you, suddenly you get that thought that occupies every person in such a situation: 'Why couldn't have I done that?' And then starts the analysis. You will end up finding that you were a lot more intelligent than him yet the guy somehow manage to beat you. That's when you will realize the most dangerous fact of the world. Hard work * time gives surprising success. In my case I will rather take my chances do more work than my peers and even fail. Then have a regret that I could have worked hard and won but I didn't. I would still say the CEO. As a I CEO I will have all the money in the world to chase any hobby/fun activity I will ever want. Also my kids and family are enjoying luxury and privileges which other families aren't so even they are happy. Also I have time and patience only for one hobby. Most of the time even with a touch schedule I manage to work on my hobby. Oh, C'mon. So I'm not supposed to work hard and get rich because as a side effect that some one else also is? My dad is a cab driver. He really works his life off. Under absolutely dismal financial conditions he and may mom have given their whole lives to bring us out of poverty. They got me and my sister decent education. They did what every poor family in India does. They worked hard, saved money, invested it and got their kids good education so that we could now stand on our own legs. He still pushes a 12-16 hours schedule everyday. You know what? Compared to most of his cab driver peers we are like 1000x better. He has achieved what none of them have ever or will ever achieved. He pays a lot of commission to the travel office which gives him rentals. And sure they are getting rich too. He is using them and they are using him. That's how it all works. But he would not exist without them and vice versa. He can of course sit back at home, he is old too(like he is nearing 65) and tell the travel office is getting rich because of his work so he won't go to work. But, he doesn't do that. He works hard for everything he has every earned. Of course most of his friends and peers call him merely lucky. And that he is also a fool to be working hard not smart. I really want people to define smart work. Its like people try to say there is some magical way to produce wealth and value out of nothing and that only smart alecs are capable of that. My dad has hypertension. He has a weak digestion(Because of stress). His legs are weak. He wears glasses(Because he battled the glare from vehicles all this life). He also has bad moods all the time(Because of the frustration battling traffic all day). Yet he doesn't give up. That's what it really boils down to. Diseases are a part of life. You have to learn to live beyond and with them. He was lucky that every time he got an opportunity he used it, which opened up more opportunities. And he worked on those opportunities. And by the way, No one that truly got rich and sustained his riches for a long time ever did it without working hard. The fact that not every body can work hard. The fact that most consider hard work 'not worth it'. The fact that most don't work hard is what has what has given hardworking people edge throughout history. And makes them a minority. But I agree, Hard work may not always lead to results. But it increases your chances of success. I consider my dad a personal hero because he demonstrated what focus and true hard work can achieve over time. Had he settled down for mediocrity like everybody else, he would be nothing more than a cab driver to me. EDIT: Common folks why would you downvote this? Is not giving up beyond all odds, so bad? A cab driver has a leverage too. There are hours in a day(24 hour day) where he can bill his customers double and sometimes even three times. The reason a cab driver doesn't earn much is because he can't really scale his business linearly. I get your point. And I definitely agree, we enjoy a position where we can use our 'time' non linearly to make money. I guess this is what you call leverage. But how much 'time'? listen, unless I'm working on a new algorithm or something. These days I'm nothing more than a Henry Ford era factory guy. Eclipse does the auto complete for me. There are libraries and API's that have solved most of my problems. There are forums that have answers to questions I don't know. There are design patters that handle architecture use cases. I don't write code. These days I assemble logical parameterizable templates from my brain, which translate to syntax on Eclipse, which again gets auto completed. We really are in drap and drop era. Considering all this, winning is boiling down to productivity not intelligence. I am helpless, the only way I can win as day to day programmer is to do more work in available time. You are talking of a totally tangential point. The point of the debate is about people who don't cheat(that's the short form of exploiting the loop hole in the system). VC's aren't exploiting the system. They bet their money on stuff which they can loose. How many of such bets turn out to be successful. You work hard on your one start up. Remember they are betting on many start up's at one time. That risk deserves some reward. Eventually considering the research and decisions they need to take over time to stay alive. VC's need to work hard too. When they make 100x more than you in an IPO, they are basically getting compensated only as much you because they lost money somewhere else. They may get 100x more from your start up but remember they are loosing elsewhere. So in principle you both earn the same. My dad's initial investment to afford a car was nothing. He drove some ones else's car before he got himself one. My initial investment is college education and daily learnings. In order to make money/profit you need to apply seed investment and then work over it in time. Either way you will end up working. Its the seed investment that makes the difference here. In order to work in the petrochemical industry, you really need to account for what seed investment got you there. Once that is in place. Its back to your plain old hard work to grow from there. It impossible to generate value without working for it. I already mentioned in one of the threads below. Our work as software professionals today is more dependent on productivity not intelligence. We are quickly assimilating in to normal crowd. We may even be judged by the same metrics they are. Winning more than loosing is called profit, not exploiting. Everybody here, is for profits. That's more of goes without saying kind of thing. For all those people who are not getting it. Today success of most software shops is about business innovation not technology innovation. Yes there are instances of Google and other big web giants innovating greatly in the technology area. But they amount to less than 1% of the software crowd. We are all writing software to solve business problems. We are not writing software for Software innovation. Unless you are doing something special. Most software today is written in IDE's. You don't have to remember syntax at all these days. The IDE will do it for you. It knows what libraries you want, it knows how many exceptions your code can run into. It knows how to compile, build and package your code. I can give you your code coverage. It can even do documentation for you. There is hardly anything IDE's can't do these days. All you need is a little semantic awareness. And there are solutions to nearly every problem you are likely to run into a software shop. There are libraries, API's and frameworks that have understood and defined your problems as a generic case and solved them. There are forums to help you out on edge cases. All you do these days is know a solution to a generic pattern of problems. You fundamentally pull out those logical solutions from your brain and parameterize them for the solution need at hand. And remaining is simply IDE play. Very little or really a non quantifiable of highly intellectual work is happening in business based software shops today. Google, Facebook are exceptions, not the normal. And this isn't surprising. We need armies of programmers to do all the bulk of the business job out there. If you are still thinking that as a software guy you are going to work with math theorems, then you have got it wrong. Given all these, my success depends on only two things. How much aware of the reusable solutions. How quickly and how many problems can I solve using them. Which is productivity. This is drag and drop programming demystified. I am not getting. You are going to end up being average in a large corporate. Your chances of succeeding in a start up are only 10%. There doesn't seem to be an easy way out of this career problem. There seems to be a problem with whatever you will do. I think it applies to you as well. You are taking a risk(settling down on a lower monthly salary and time) which you had no real need to. If the start up flops you end up loosing money and time. If this happens with 2 or 3 start ups you would have lost a lot of money and time. I am two years ahead of you. And sometimes I feel the same. But over the years I have realized I don't really have what it takes to run a business. I mean I can code, design and do all the technical work. But business is a different beast. I don't know how to do it, and its extremely dangerous to do things which you do don't understand. All that is besides the point, as many will tell you. Not all start ups succeed. I mean in the financial sense. Many fail. Unfortunately most of us here like to talk of the good stuff to keep ourselves motivated. We don't talk about failed start ups frequently and with harsh criticism. All this creates a sense that start ups are a sure shot way of getting rich. That seems to be hardly the case, and successful start ups end up being outliers. Also MegaCorp work is not that bad, If you can outshine most of your peers you can make good deal of money. Everybody knows that if you can keep your focus, make good decisions, take some occasional risks and are more productive than others you are going to successful anywhere. But 'more productive' is really in your hands and that sort of really depends on your hard work. Besides these days you can work full time and still do a lot of other stuff like app development for mobile phones and tablets. There are plenty of good open source projects to work on. So on the learning side you can do a lot even without joining a start up. put out the word that you are looking for work and work will find you. Just curious to know, I am normal person or a mere mortal as you described. How do I get hired without the normal Resume, Recruiter, HR, Interview process? You are debating against rocks. The reason I say this is because once people decide some one is wrong. They are wrong for life. Nothing you write here will convince people that this peddler is right in doing what he is doing. Being right is not always synonymous with legal. Society is so unfair, when some uses unfair means to game the system and make lots money, he is termed 'intelligent'. Because big money is glamorous. Here we are a guy at the subway making same kind of average money your average developer might make, now suddenly hell breaks loose. 'How dare he?', I mean the reactions are basically 'How dare this guy? without any college education without learning and reading? make the same average amount of money as I do?' So obviously they end up with 'All this is illegal so it doesn't matter'. Go check your life, you will find you are doing N number of things every day which might not be complying 100% with the law. Yet you can do it without harming any one. The problem here and reason with many problem here is clear. No body likes the idea that a poor un educated guy is making the same money as they are. Doing less intellectual work. And yet here they are, after all those high aspirations and that intellectual work still the same as a subway peddler. So what really is the difference between them and a candy peddler in the subway. Its this thing that is really giving all the invisible pain. Not the illegality of the selling candy in the subway. If only the number were not $50,000 and way lesser than that, you would see a totally different thread. Some time back people here were angry with a VC for a making a comment on the 'Google Chef' who got rich in an IPO. The same situation here. Subway candy peddler is to these hackers what the 'Google Chef' was to a VC. I am from India and let me say you don't have to feel threatened by bad programmers in India. The problem with posts like these is they make massive generalizations which are not true. Not every body here is a genius and not everybody here is an idiot. I have worked in extremely challenging projects which were billed for dirt cheap prices. Considering the cost at which finished the projects it was almost like we were giving our work for free. For every story like this there are a 100 good stories you will hear out here. There are also cases where people do endless work and those hours don't get billed. Yes, there are a lot of cases like this as well. There are 1000's instances where we do work without billing them because some one at onsite put a polite request. I used to work with a very senior person in the UK. During meetings he used to be shocked that we put that crazy hours and efforts for such low prices. The problem some projects fail here in India is because of the same reasons they fails else where. When you talk of all this, even manufacturing in China. You need to look that whole picture and then see how the statistics work. At volume, and that scale of economy, If you measure No of Failures Vs No of Success and measure them against money saved. It's a very different story. One project failing somewhere doesn't talk of the whole outsourcing story. There is a lot to business than just hourly billing. If you are running a big company. Real estate, paying support services, insurance and other side costs also matters. All these side expenditure and head ache in managing them saps a lot of money and people. A lot of people feel its better to some money and have others do it for you. Than you doing it. Especially if that job is not your company's core expertise. I think the lesson is if you are breaking backwards compatibility better compress all the deprecation cycles you need to go over the years in one release. Perl 6 is doing that. Its is going to be one major incompatible release. But that like compressing two decades of deprecation cycles in one release. I don't have time to wait for "when", especially when there are working options right now. I am going to use and encourage other to use things that work right now, than wait for something in the future which we aren't even clear of. Perl 6, is a major incompatible release. Its like compressing years of deprecation cycles in one major release. Larry wall realized long back that a few problems with Perl 5 can be fixed with incremental releases. I think there is CPAN compatibility mode, and Perl 5 programs are expected to run on Perl 6 compilers. Also Perl 6 is a total redesign but preserving the 'perl spirit' and its original design principles. OTOH, Python is taking the path of incrementally correcting its problems at the expense of breaking compatibility as and when needed. The problem is every time you break backwards compatibility, you forcing an upgrade timeline on users and during that you are allowing rival languages and communities to flourish. If people are using Python because it just 'works', then in its absence they will use something else too if it 'works'. Me personally if I knew that a particular tool is going to continuously break my code base every now and then. I would avoid it all costs. I have called PayPal once before. The experience wasn't horrible, but it didn't leave me enthusiastic like Stripe's does. Well, talking of facts small companies with a small customer base will always deliver better customer service than the larger ones. True test of these companies will come when their subscriber and customers run into millions(In paypal's case hundreds of millions). Imagine a situation where where 283 million registered customers and probably more unregistered buyers. Ensuring operations related to that magnitude of people work fine for 99.99% of the people, 99.99% of the times. And then ensuring the remaining get appropriate customer support is not just difficult but requires a lot of work to maintain and run. At that scale the founders will have a lot more different work to do. And addressing one user out of those hundreds of millions by communicating them on twitter might not scale properly. And the customer support employees are working in call center shifts. They are not going to be any more enthusiastic any more than other general call center employees. Coming to arcane policies, Now for all those millions of users. There are definitely going to some x% of crooks out there gaming the system. Frankly speaking if you don't have such policies you may actually end up putting a lot of your other buyers and other customers in trouble and expose them to fraud. The problem is in programmatically handling hundreds of millions of users and their problems is not easy. You can build a system to do payments et al, but that's only beginning. So any good payment gateway etc will ultimately end up looking like PayPal. PayPal works at a scale, Whether a new competitor will work at scale is question of time. But don't write PayPal off, It actually works well for those hundreds of millions of registered and more unregistered users. Some things from your post are spot on! Especially the riddles. Seriously, you got to tell me how many people deal with riddles in your day to day programming jobs? Do you pick up blank sheets of paper and work on puzzles a considerable part of the day. Even if you were, I would personally never want to work at a place which has this kind of a culture. I am out looking for a job where good business problems get solved in the most practical way. Which helps both the business and me make money. Second kind of questions are asking the candidate arcane and rare facts that can be known only through rote memorization. Like asking him to work on some concept/data structure/algorithm from a CS text book taught in semester 3 on page 345 of a text book 2000 pages big. There is nothing great about knowing an algorithm, inventing a new algorithm is special but not knowing one. Worse case anybody can know what you know by searching. Asking irrelevant questions to the job, gives you a very high rate of false negatives. You are missing out on some very good and productive people. This is exactly what happens, you ask some irrelevant questions and consider the guy useless. The same guy goes works at some php shop which is solving some business problems which get him and the company good money. And here you are searching and filtering candidate as per your requirements. Meanwhile you see, your start up failing and the average guy there winning. Suddenly you shout out 'Worse is better'. You've got be brutally honest and practical in software engineering. If you are academics its a different game. Remember your fantasy elitism in building a dream product and plans to hire rock stars to do it is nothing if it fails. The average guy still ends up winning even if he has 1/10 decent the product of your dreams, if he has a product to sell now . Exactly, One more important thing to notice here. There is a strange assumption that goes on, its considered if you are awesome and passionate you won't care about money and will always for little. The attitude is like - "Greed for money is for bad people, but you are not that kind right? So, here come work for peanuts while some idiot is making twice as you". This might be a cultural difference. I'm from India. But 'poor' people have cars in America(From the photos)? You guys get $600 per month for doing nothing(Social security)? Don't pay taxes and yet infrastructure benefits must reach you? I don't really know what more the country can do for you guys. I mean paying individuals $600 per month for doing nothing, with which they can afford home, cars, food and clothing all this when the individual isn't even working. I mean if this isn't sufficient, what is? You really must come out of US and check the definition of 'poor' in other countries. Here is a reason why you guys can never beat China. Because there people tend to be happy with ever little they get. But here in this case you have people complaining for stuff which is offered to them free at the first place. P.S : I am software engineer here, who can barely afford a motorcycle and fuel. Let alone a car. I don't know much about America, but if you could afford a car by doing as simple a thing you mentioned than my friend you are in heaven. You have no clue how bad this part of the world is. Just come to Mumbai or any urban metro in India and see for yourself how people travel. Majority of them are herded like sheep in busy trains and buses. That is why I said, it might be just a cultural thing. Here too, we need to pay for water and sewers. But I understand that your barrier for entry when it comes to measuring poverty is very different than ours. By your definition 95% of whole India may fall into poverty. Someone on welfare in the US probably has a nicer house than most people in Bandra or Koregoan Park. Sad but true. I always think about this. That life in India and countries alike is so difficult, merely meeting the ends meet and getting yourself food, clothing and shelter requires you fight daily battles. I mean with farmers committing suicide, crores of people below poverty line. Hunger and Malnutrition in one part of country. Children starving to death. And middle class earning barely enough to survive. We still consider ourselves fortunate if we can get the basic stuff right. Now here some one is giving you $600 for doing nothing in a wonderful residence, food, clothing and shelter with a car to drive. And all the time in the world to spare. And people are complaining? I agree there is some corruption and scam going on in here, but really if you can buy a car you are anything but poor. I know the poorest places in this suburban town are a mile or more from the grocery store across dangerous roads, and the nearest mass transit option is 20 miles away. That doesn't even begin to describe poor according to my definitions of poor. But I agree, we have different yard sticks to measuring what exactly poor is. No I'm not. Seriously. I would hope some day my country has such a thing too! But I talking on the lines of gratitude. Gratitude is important. You can't really complain about stuff you got for free. Americans talk endlessly about how much cheaper destinations have stolen their jobs. They have stolen your jobs because of my aforementioned arguments. In other words you are in this 'poor' state because of your very high standards of living. I don't know! You know what is good for you. Act accordingly. I don't think I'll be signing up for any idioms or coding standards that are based on an assumption of using Python as a direct replacement for Java. Neither should anyone else. I am not sure, But if I'm using Java or C++ or another equivalent say even Clojure. Then the glue language for the rest is going to be Perl/Bash not Python. The reason is Perl does the scripting far too well than Python. Python is more fashionable today courtesy Django, Twisted and other frameworks. And I think that's the problem here. Python is trying to be half serious in both the Java and Perl worlds. Java and Perl have nearly orthogonal goals. If you try to do half work in both the worlds. You end up pleasing neither. Try to be either in this camp or the other. I can waste a couple of weeks of my life, go to Glassdoor etc. and basically memorize these questions. I'll probably stand a good chance of blowing the interviewer away by pretending to solve them on the spot. But what does that tell you about how I am at real-life problems? Most of the so-called algorithm experts I've seen fit into this knows-theory-but-no-practical-stuff category. The fact there are some list of questions and their standards variants. All you need to do is just crawl over interview forums. I assume they even have books, as in pdf ready made for these purposes. Just ensure you read all those questions before hand. May be spend an hour a day to get familiar with them. Go to the interview, when the interviewer asks the question act as though you've never heard the question. Act like you've been having it tough. But then suddenly like a hero emerging from a crisis present the solution to the interviewer. You have not clue how many people do this. I've seen candidates, whose only job is this. They change a company every year. Spend half their day everyday studying and collecting salary and interview trends. Apply to a big brand, game the interview collect the x% hike stay for an year and then move on. These kind of people are an online club. And they tend to hire only their kind. No regards for the guy's actual work knowledge, his ability to solve real world problems. His knowledge of a programming language, tools, techniques. His productivity all that is irrelevant. All that matters in these large web companies is a Ivy league brand and theoretical knowledge and some arcane facts memorized at college. Close to 98% of the so called algorithm experts fit into this category. The genuine 2% are at places they like to work at and surely they pick the place they want to work at and not the other way around. The definition of gaming the system is different here. These days unless you are implementing a library yourself. You are probably never ever going to even reverse a linked list ever in your life. Or deal sit down with a math text book when you code. Those days are probably gone in the 80's. That means asking these questions is akin to you taking an approach to judge an candidate on things which have nothing to do his job. That's why so many programmers don't about all this. The reason is for 99% of the work they are likely to do they don't need to know it . Under such circumstances when you ask these sort of questions the only way candidate can deal with them is not by actually learning how to solve them. But learn them just for the interview sake. So you end up hiring some one on a criteria doesn't matter. And the candidate manages to beat you by system of work which defeated your original means of judging him. I think this is what gaming the system means. I think the point he was trying to make was. If you are productive enough and serious with a little skills you are can be hired. The reason being you work hard your way towards success. This is far better than the person who knows merely facts. Knowing doesn't always doing. But in most cases if you are doing something you are likely to know what it is. Why would you ask questions to a candidate which have nothing to do with his job? Will you ask a marathon runner to prove his worth by asking him how quickly he can sprint? The problem: As it is mentioned in the email. People tend to believe, being great is about knowing a lot of facts and stuff from memory. Having information about stuff others don't know. While the fact is intelligence and knowledge only acts as catalyst in the path to success. They are not success or don't lead to success in themselves. Unless you don't understand this you will keep wondering why you are not getting successful while some guy you consider mediocre is winning. What matters in real world is productivity. Ability to discover things quickly. Learn quickly. Learn to understand and properly state problems. Search for solutions quickly. And then use the best tools at disposal to build things in as little time with acceptable quality in the problem domain. Intelligence and knowledge of facts in this system at maximum fastens your rate of success nothing more nothing less. But yes practice helps. But practice in the right areas. If you believe reading algorithm and data structures text books and searching for puzzles online will make you a good programmer, then I'm not sure. It may prepare you for interviews, it may also get you a job a bit web giant. It may make you look super intelligent in front of a panel or your team. But in terms of producing software for solving business problems, those facts from memory and even their practice at maximum serves as a catalyst not a crucial ingredient to success. Apart from practicing writing programs. Learning API's, best practices, tools, techniques and your other usual day to day programming tasks. You also need to practice to be a better team player, you need to learn design, you need to learn customer interaction skills, you need to learn how to gather requirements. You need to learn how to manage resources - time, money and people effectively. You need to learn effective ways of running software teams. The list goes endless. Its no longer "Can write awesome code" == "Success". There are a gazillion parameters that will decide you success. And programming is just one of many of them. Here is the shocker. You don't really a 1000 years of life to give 10 years to each. And even if you had a 1000 years of life you would be bored of giving 10 years to each and you would keep forgetting what you did decades back. So, just be more productive and iterate your work endlessly. Find flaws and fix them. Do it in iterations. You will be taken care of. It's a different world altogether. When people think of paying for a mobile. They are by default thinking of paying for the hardware. They don't care, about what runs inside. When people buy an iPhone they are automatically imagining an awesome form factor an awesome UI. By default shipped to them. So now here is the problem, If HTC ships a phone, will it be an 'HTC phone' or a 'Windows phone'? Now you see there is a problem there. People have trouble imagining the term 'HTC phone running windows'. They understand only single branding. Its either Windows phone or a HTC phone. That's the same thing as during the PC era, for an ordinary user it was always 'I have a Dell computer' or 'I have a Toshiba', It was never a 'Windows computer'. That is what dug MS's grave here. When people go to buy televisions, mp3 players or even cars. They don't care who is writing the software/shipping the engine for the car. They talk about manufacturers like - 'Is this toyota car good?' or 'Is this Panasonic TV good', even though Sony may probably be supplying the OEM components to Panasonic. So people have a lot of trouble imagining 'Windows Phone'. Android is different here, because Google main business is not selling Android. They sell a totally different thing for which Android is an enabler. So the branding problem doesn't arise there. So people don't have any reason to consider 'Windows phone' special. Heck they don't understand what a windows phone is basically, Just like how I and you don't care about what engine is built into our cars, or who supplies the filament inside the electric bulb. To me I can only imagine the electric bulb as a whole, I don't really have the time, money or the resources to go researching for the quality of filaments used inside and who manufactures them. I imagine the bulb as a whole, so the user does the same thing when buying a mobile. Its a whole mobile not a specific component running inside it. And from the direction of view, there is nothing special about windows on manufacturer X. Firstly Congratulations, Now coming to how might probably go about this is awesome opportunity. Remember a very important thing about software today. Its extremely difficult to do anything big without a team these days. Even giants need teams. There fore I will first start out with both the Technical and Managerial areas you need to be aware of. Technical: As a manager, you might not have to know and understand each and every line of code that is out there in your code base. But you definitely need to understand enough technical details to consciously solve problems, take decisions and assign and referee things among team mates when needed. This means you have to on a day to day basis keep track of the developments. To me this can addressed by separately planning a part of the day, this can achieved in a stand up or status call, where everybody quickly reports three things "What they did yesterday", "What they are doing today" and "blockers". Your job is to first get sufficient perspective and context about he work your team is doing, incrementally know their progress every day and remove any thing that is coming in their way of achieving those tasks. In turn you will have your own updates. Its not difficult with a little discipline. You can take strides. Management: Here, you need to take a little care. Planning, Prioritizing, tracking and course correction are crucial. They say, a true appraisal in any company is when the junior and manager know exactly where they both stand. A good appraisal has no surprises. Talk to your team mates and be friendly with them as much as you can. Develop their trust as a friend. Most people will do work for your just out of politeness and courtesy. Never use provocation or threat as a means of motivation(Often geeks make this mistake). Try to take things as easy as you can, but be serious and stand up and make the person understand the seriousness of their mistakes. Stop there, no further. Basically they must respect you. Trust them, or at least make them feel you trust them. Even if you don't internally. The reason being once they realize you don't trust them, they will loose all respect for you. They will fail to replicate the same feeling back. Work, productivity will dry out and ultimately lead to a separation. No invisible assumptions. Neither assume, nor allow others to assume. Make plans, and prioritize, execute, track and course correct in iterations frequently. Your job must be to inculcate this agile discipline, with as little distractions, more trust, friendship, higher productivity and aligned towards goals. P.S : I am not a manager, But I would like my manager to be like the one I mentioned. I admire some of my managers who truly were like that. I am interested in learning clojure. Unfortunately the learning material online is very scanty. Also the material is very dry. If you have never programmed in a Lisp language before it all looks greek and latin. This tends to be a problem with most Lisp books. They very soon go into the great aspects of Lisp. As a beginner, I need to be shown how to do the regular stuff in Lisp. Like other languages tutorials. One of the reason I like Python is really for the awesome documentation on their website. Now the thing about clojure, is due to sheer interest and passion alone. I am being forced to take additional pain to continuously search and learn. Others may not do the same. If the barrier to entry is too high, you will scare away new comers. Especially Lisp new comers. All Advanced Hackery is OK, but teach me the basic stuff first. I need to learn the if/else, for/do/while , functions, IO, regular expressions, Battery usage, socket etc kind of stuff. After I'm through with this, you can rant as much about macros as you want, and I'm all ears. But directly going to all this advanced hackery without me even knowing how to do my day-to-day tasks is what has kept Lisp in the lower side of usage. It will be sad if clojure goes down this route. From the link you just gave. The emphasis seems to be more on teaching mathematics through programming. Do you seriously expect me or any other serious programmer in a business environment sorting a million integers in a million different ways? How do I open files, how do I search what I want through regexps? How do write back? How can I build socket based programs? How can I interact with databases? How can write to log files? How can I work with business logic? How do I interact with webservices? API's? How to I work with operating system commands? etc stuff. I make a living programming for those sort of stuff and wish to leverage any language in that direction. Perl, Python tutorials teach me to do real work in a real production environment now . Not mathematics for my college assignments. I hope you are able to understand. If that stuff is absent, I have to now take the pain of figuring that out myself. The Joy Of book, but with more familiarity than last time I tackled it (and fell flat on my face!) I am facing the same problem. I tend to run into that problem, because the moment I see some non regular programming aspect being discussed at length it becomes a little boring. Also I can't co relate that with my practical experiences. I enjoyed functional programming thanks to Mark Jason Dominus's "Higher Order Perl". Which taught me all functional programming stuff in the most pragmatic way out. Now that is what I look for, material that teaches me all this great stuff in the framework of my real work. Then it becomes really enjoyable and graspable. Maybe this just means I'm a bad programmer, but I tend to think that problems like "Pascal's Triangle" don't represent what we work on day-to-day. You are right! In fact I seriously doubt any serious software project that is solving business problems ever works on these sort of problems. These problems are basically more of testing mathematical knowledge through programming. They may make a great interview to hire professors but not programmers. You didn't test how well he can code, what you tested is how easily he can represent mathematical theorems in a programming language. That is definitely not what 99.999% of the programmers do every day. Professors in colleges, may be. But not programmers. Otherwise, my initial response would be a visit to Wikipedia where my eyes would promptly glaze over at the text talking about "binomial coefficients" and I'd decide your job advertisement was misleading and it probably isn't a good job anyway. You would be right in deciding that. Over the years I've seen all these puzzle and math kids have the least productivity in delivering business software. And besides if you spend say 30 minutes a day reading these interview puzzles online, you can game the system and get your way through. Without you even being tested on some basic skills required to win in the real world. You may know all the algorithms from the book by heart. But what's the whole point if you don't how to use a couple of unix text processing utilities? Puzzle kids generally answer that by saying something like sed can be learn't by reading a manual. If you can learn and work with sed by reading a manual on the job, then you can also learn and work with algorithms by reading manuals on the job too! If you go through the algorithms book the recruiter suggests and look up on glassdoor for interview questions, there's a very fair chance that you already know the answer to the question that's being asked! Most of the supposed brilliant Algorithm and Math brains are basically people who crawl internet forums for puzzle questions by spending around 30 minutes everyday. They don't know a jack about algorithms or math. Its just they know enough to game the interview. Well why are you talking of mathematics and arithmetic, this is a programming interview not an interview to hire mathematicians. Besides will you hire a novelist on how well he can solve crosswords? You can't identify Tom Marra's by making them solve trivia on a whiteboard Tom Marra's don't get hired at these big web co's kind of places. This is probably the reason why there aren't many Tom Marra's at these big web firms and why don't seem to make any thing awesome anymore, than their first initial offering. The job these algorithm kids in these big companies seems to do is to some ensure the wheels are rolling and they don't punctured. If they do, fix them by some fancy hackery! Ok, firstly. I am an Indian. What is wrong with Yoga? Answer : Wrong question! The right question is, What is wrong with our understand of Yoga? As per most people and if you ask them, they would reply Yoga means twisting, bending and turning your body in crazy ways to heal/medicinal use. Nothing would be further from the truth. Unfortunately things have come down to a level where people only give ritualistic definition of Yoga! Yoga also has many branches. To understand Yoga in its essence I would advice you to read Swami Vivekananda's complete works. I practice Yoga. Yoga is not a 2 hour exercise session. Yoga is a way of life. I practice Yoga, Its a branch of Yoga called Karma Yoga! So what does Karma Yoga mean? Its exemplified from a verse in Gita: You have power to your actions only, not its outcome. Act therefore forth right without succumbing to inaction This is to dedicate yourself towards a goal, consciously iterating and eliminating your faults in moments of self reflection improvising and not giving up until you reach your goal. This is easier said than done! The key here is self reflection. I felt that David Allen's Getting things done took me to a better enabler to following Karma Yoga! I started following these techniques since last February. I started taking one day a time, trying to most productive in a day. Eliminating distraction. And working towards a larger goal. The results have been astounding to me. Karma Yoga! for westerners can be explain by a poem by Rudyard Kipling - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/If%E2%80%94 --- If you can keep your head when all about you Are losing theirs and blaming it on you; If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, But make allowance for their doubting too: If you can wait and not be tired by waiting, Or being lied about, don’t deal in lies, Or being hated don’t give way to hating, And yet don’t look too good, nor talk too wise; If you can dream—and not make dreams your master; If you can think—and not make thoughts your aim, If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster And treat those two impostors just the same: If you can bear to hear the truth you’ve spoken Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools, Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken, And stoop and build ’em up with worn-out tools; If you can make one heap of all your winnings And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss, And lose, and start again at your beginnings And never breathe a word about your loss: If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew To serve your turn long after they are gone, And so hold on when there is nothing in you Except the Will which says to them: ‘Hold on!’ If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, Or walk with Kings—nor lose the common touch, If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you, If all men count with you, but none too much: If you can fill the unforgiving minute With sixty seconds’ worth of distance run, Yours is the Earth and everything that’s in it, And—which is more—you’ll be a Man, my son! --- There are also other forms of Yoga! My mother practices Pranayama. Which is basically meditation and breathing practices. You also need a good teacher. Who knows Yoga! Else you will end up making mistakes which can be dangerous. Yoga is a way of life. Stop thinking it in terms of gym sessions. Ultimate aim of Yoga is to make you bring you to a state of self actualization. Like what Buddha was! And healthy body plays a important role in that. So Yoga helps you build that too. But people tend to understand Yoga only as some form of medical exercises. Well frankly speaking if you remove the spirit of Yoga and restrict it to merely acrobatic and gym sessions kind of a regime. I would advice you better go with the actual gym and aerobic exercise. You either need to adhere to things in their true spirit or just do some thing else. Also the title in this article is highly misleading. Yoga won't wreck your body. Rather it will take you a level higher. Like the Buddha! It will let you ponder on the deepest meaning of your existence. Its very sad that its being marketed in America this way. Some time back I read somewhere that meditation is being marketed as 'hallucination'. That is by taking narcotics and dangerous intoxicants! This is really sad. Lets say I pay him $6,612 then I would want not just the photograph but also the equipment he listed in the add up to the price. Is that ok? If yes then it makes perfect sense to me. I would disagree a little. There is a huge difference between amateur music and professional music, So big a difference in fact that I would say there is no comparison between them. Good professional musicians make money just like we programmers do. The problem starts when amateur musicians/programmers take music/photography as a hobby first and then try to make money out of it. The biggest problem with this is they don't match the quality of work produced by the actual professionals. And now have to compete with fellow amateurs. Amateur photographers/musicians can't make money for the very same reasons why your side android apps project doesn't make anything more than $50 an year. Very well put. In my experience unless you are hiring exceptionally bad programmers. You don't really have to worry about code indentation. Seriously code indentation is all people worry about? I have bigger problems to worry about. "It's a place where really smart people go to be average," That really might be OK and might work if you are unmarried, without kids and living alone. As you grow up to take more responsibilities. It definitely makes more career and financial sense to.. Be best among the average than to be average among the best. Firstly I'm from India, our salary structure differs from you in many ways. Nice perspective. I definitely agree that Google is probably paying best among all. My point was, If I can be the best guy in a team of average everyday software engineers. It makes my appraisals, appreciations and growth far more easy. At the same time if I'm average despite my best efforts and then it makes things a little difficult for me. One more question to you. Unless there is a next 'Google' aren't you worried that you are already in the highest paying company(Forgive my ignorance If Im wrong, or there are companies are that pay more than Google in the US) and moving onto something else may not get you a better hike than what you have now? I get the impression from outsiders that they hear a lot about how great Google is and then assume that they can't work at Google, so they then decide that what Google does is actually bad. The flaw is thinking that you can't work at Google. You can! Apply, brush up on your algorithms a bit, and start enjoying the amazing coffee! Trust me, I would. I would actually do a lot better. I am definitely far more productive people around me. And I can build stuff and do my regular work both at the same time. Every manager I have every worked with says, they have seen no one like me before. I have built endless stuff without getting anything in return. Like you I'm also frustrated dealing with all the large corporate non sense. But I don't have Ivy league college degree, and yes I am not too much of an algo guy. Well, I think people like despite being having all it takes can never work there. You see I can research, think and build quickly. I can push long hours, I can do weekends. I can virtually work and solve any problems by reading manuals. I have worked at back breaking deadlines, delivered stuff when others said it was impossible.But I don't remember math theorems. And am not too much into text books. Unless those books are like OnLisp(Paul Graham), Higher Order Perl(Mark Jason Dominus)... Kind of books. People like me can't get hired at Google! Frankly it looks like dream work environment to every nerd. Someday I would like to work at a place like that. I remember early in my career, before I had the chance to really build an application of any major size, I was given the opportunity to look at the source code of an application that I used frequently. I always felt like it was built by geniuses working well beyond my skillset, but once I saw the code, I remember thinking "that's it?" It wasn't the flawless work of art I imaged. It seemed like something I could have probably written myself. The same thing when I started learning music. First every time I saw some one playing an instrument it looked like work of geniuses. When I started playing myself, I can now realize it is not that great after all. Well, like they say. Nothing is as good or as bad as it originally seems. Ok, Let me tell you why Piracy, it works most people who sell stuff them self want piracy to work. To start with this let me tell you something. I didn't have genuine exposure to computers until I was 17, The first time I really worked with a computer seriously was in First semester engineering. Here in India it was not very easy to afford computers for guys like me. In the first semester I went to a friends home who had a PC. And he had Windows installed. I guess it was XP. Another friend said he is soon buying a PC and wanted the Win XP CD. I was flabbergasted to know how easy it was to just copy the CD and install the OS on an machine. Only many days later did I learn, If Microsoft wanted they could stop piracy easily. But they don't! Why? Because they want people to be trained in it, right from college. So that when they get jobs their employers are forced to buy the OS they are trained to work in. Most of my friends also bought endless pirated game CD's. Here in Gandhinagar, Bangalore you can buy pirated CD's like peanuts on the footpath. Again, why don't they stop it? They can if they want! But why the hell don't they do it? Now coming to Music and art piracy. Even here, upcoming musicians can't really expect people to shell out money for their work. Piracy acts as an easy distribution medium. Trust me piracy is a blessing in disguise for them. Sorry to say, but you have all the power to stop this thing without stealing our liberties. But you don't. Also expecting people to be morally upright and not get into Piracy is big BS according to me. Its like parking your Ferrari in a lonely street in the middle of the night, with the fuel tank full and keys inside. Its bound to be stolen, don't blame the world for it. You are to be blamed for not taking the right precautions when you actually could have! If Microsoft bans Piracy in India. I assure you they will have to beg and plead with people to even make a single sale. People will be happy to buy a non OS installed computer and install Linux on it. They don't want that to happen, they know it, we know it. This is why you can't end piracy. This is probably an Indication of one thing. Some people go in the search of elusive perfection. Which never seems to be achievable. No pure perfection exists. So please don't deny the good for the perfect. Reddit, has been ridiculed enough for being bad for X reasons. But hey, that's the only thing existing out there. And it works well for vast majority of the people. People who are out there just for chat or a serious discussion on a sub reddit. I have seen that this thing works in many cases. If you have some good idea that can solve problems. Work on it and get an implementation out. Even if for the moment the working quality of that thing or the implementation quality of that thing isn't upto the mark. This can be seen manifest in things like programming languages too! People criticize Php/Perl for all sort of reasons. But hey, remember they are so much useful and practical in the real world the elusive perfect that is supposed to replace never comes into existence. Because the elusive perfect is always in never ending path of ideation and implementation, in form of some abstract concept. People call bash scripts and solutions hacked together using sed/bash/Unix text processing utilities crud, non readable, not elegant or whatever. But remember they often serve as the fastest way to solve some very difficult problems in seconds/minutes. While an equivalent verbose elegant language would take hours of effort writing and testing the program. Sometimes an existing ugly solution survives in the real world, it wins and persists and nothing really replaces it. For many reasons, it was first to arrive. It convinces people that it can be useful to them. It is practical, it can survive and maintain the niche for a long time. Meanwhile the elusive perfection, never arrives. Reddit works and wins on the same principles. Most of these rejection would have happened because there a lot of people who randomly take a decision and then try to justify it backwards with whatever reason they can come up with. This happens for a lot of reasons eg : Bias, partiality, over confidence in self, under estimating the candidates ability. That might happen once or twice, but if you are stubborn, you don't give up and keep trying. Someday you would have run through sufficient iterations of failure/success and internal feedback loops. After some time by the virtue of all this the person will succeed. Organisation must focus on paying people well and then they must just leave people on their own. We are clever enough to know how to figure out what to do with our money. We can buy our own food, snacks and ice cream if we want to. Instead, every company that I've seen so far seems to come up with every possible reason to pay people as little as they can. Generally its like this, "Hey we are giving you x,y,z perks and you sit around in a beautiful office so the peanuts we pay is sufficient, now get back to work and slog for us until your bones hurt." Companies know damn well, that not everyone is eating these Ice creams, drinking coffee of eating stomach full everyday. And not everyone is taking the free transport. Some will, not all. On an average they pay every body less for these reasons, and the money they save by not paying in cash but by perks is often huge. Salary offers are the most fraudulent documents. Minus taxes, and some other 'hidden' deductions which always exist. Because most companies have a component of salary with string attached. What you get in hand is always close to 50% of what is promised on paper. This is every where, no matter which company you will every work at. If you have spent a decade as a manager at a BigCorp, you are probably seasoned irreversibly to never ever go back to the nerdy life you describe. Expertise is not something you just get one day decide to be something and voila within a month of effort your are. If it were that easy, most of us would be composing symphonies or we would all be astronauts by now.It can give you a good head start but nothing much apart from that. So 'polish your coding skills' doesn't work, because its not just about coding skills. There is a whole ecosystem you need to understand and get in tune with. Writing code is something just representing solution in terms of syntax, the actual work that is symbolic notation to problem solving with tools in hand is a craft that takes ridiculous amount of time to learn. Most managers are tuned to way of life, a spending driven lifestyle which is properly matched to their earnings. They have a home, bills to pay, kids to take care of. They are going in a stream of life, going off track from that might be impossible. Also in our society managerial positions are considered to be positions of authority and coders et al are supposed to be both designation and pay wise inferior to them. Unless you don't care about the world. For most managers this is like going backwards in their career. In fact any big company no matter which company that is, is full of 95% of the people fall into 9-5 category. The remaining 5% work like crazy, expect to be rewarded extra and find out sometime later that is not going to be the case and they will just have to the burden for the rest of the company. Frustrated those 5% leave, and that 5% keeps shrinking. This is very true, In fact on the very first day of my first job I spent time figuring out researching retirement options. Many people laughed, I told them unless a comet is about hit tomorrow, not worrying about tomorrow doesn't make any financial sense. Because tomorrow always comes and in 99% of the cases to 99% of the people. So 'don't worry about tomorrow' is bad financial advice anybody can give you. I started planning and investing, five years into my work life now. I have done far better than my other friends who even got paid a lot better than me. I am sure another 5 years and a decade into my career I can achieve the kind of financial independence you describe. And again as you said, retirement doesn't mean not doing any work. It just means you have sufficient backup to support you if you don't have work. Its not just take home salary every month. Let me tell you I'm 27 and from India, I am a native Bangalore resident. I am sure similar options I'm going to tell you now exist in the US. The first thing you must do when you get money in your hands is know how much you want to spend and how much want to save. In my case I see, I can spend around 40%. The remaining 60% goes in to my savings. Then you need to figure out a way to convert 60% of the saving to investments. Gold, endowment insurance, real estate etc. There are many options, the earlier you start the better. Of course this requires discipline. To give you an example, I don't have credit card till today's date as a principle. If your routinely save and invest then over time you can save yourself a fortune. Actually I wanted to say the same, but then I hesitated and thought that it may be a little harsh on him. By the way all your points are valid. Also, If you want to quick tasks outside your work. What you are looking for is consulting/freelancing not a start up. Start up will chew up both effort and time in large magnitudes with a river of failures heading your way. Simple Android/iPhone apps. Small utility website, are Ok if your want to make some money with Google Ads. But they are not start ups. By the way these there is a huge tendency among people to call even 100 line scripts as projects and weekend apps as start ups. The sooner you face the reality and set you expectations right, the better. And comparing vi and IDE's with Emacs is like comparing car assembling tools with self cloning cars. Strange, These days very little to zero development happens without IDEs. I don't really know why anybody should expect to test somebody's skills without an IDE. That's because today a term called 'Productivity' has become massively more important than any thing else. Its something like this, Lets say there is an archer. He can shoot the red dot 9/10 of times with his bow and arrow. You take away the bow and arrow and give him stones and ask him to match the same 9/10 hits on the red dot. Guess what, he won't be able to, May be with time he can. But for the time being he can't. What does this say? Does this mean he is a bad archer? No. Tools and their usage is part of the trade. No skill can be tested in Isolation. And if a marathon runner can't run 40 kilometers without shoes he knows nothing about running, right? This post is from 2007. And things have changed drastically since then. Ok, I am from Bangalore. And let me tell you. Technical skills are in heavy demand now. To understand what the problem actually is. You need to understand this. Just like the web boom in US, there was an IT boom in India. IT companies witnessed a 100% year on year growth. Their workforce head count was doubling every year. And they really had no other option but to hire people from every engineering back ground. They were forced to promote people regardless whether or not they deserved it. People became managers within 5-6 years of joining industry. And that is when the meme spread "Being a programmer doesn't help in IT you have to be a manager" . We are long past those days now. The growth has stabilized and I would rather say its completely normalized now. Companies are no longer feeling the need to promote people rapidly. In fact they now have a excess bench strength of managers. And many of them did get laid off in the past few years. Word has it that its going to very difficult for the managers from now on. As they bring little value to the table. On the other hand the Indian IT industry is plagued by the disease of Job hopping. Absolute utter idiots who can't write a 10 line script now hop every year pocket a 30% raise get a promotion. You will see people who never wrote probably 1000 lines of code are now architects. Given the scenario the operational efficiency of big IT companies has fallen like a pack of leaves. They are not taking high risk premium projects anymore. As they simply don't have the kind of good people to execute them. The demand for good people is growing by the day. Most of them I know work at start up's or product firms or they are into consulting/freelancing. There is a lot of money there and there are a lot of tough good problems to be solved. IT Industry in India is pretty much alive and rewarding, except that those rewards are no longer in big companies. They are else where. And hey, there is a lot of money being a programmer. More than managerial jobs. You just have to come out of the big IT giants and get into smaller places. Which all companies will you try to keep out? Nearly every big company is plagued by these problems. The problem is even if they take you through tough algo and DS quizzes(Which are irrelevant anyways) most of the work is maintenance. Whether you do that work in a product company or a outsourced firm. It makes little difference. This is more of a large company problem, this is not a problem restricted only to outsourcing firms. When you work extremely hard, beat the odds, you are too tired and haven't slept, and then manage to reach a milestone. You suddenly begin to feel a sweet sense of pain. The feeling is just so beautiful that it feels amazing. I've had that feeling quite a few number of times. And I will do anything to feel like that again. I don't think sleep can be counted out of life. Dreams are the most beautiful things to ever happen to humans. I have always lived two lives one in dreams and one while am awake. And some experiences that I've had dreaming just can't be had while I'm awake. Another thing that we are missing here is Apple is expected to make products with great UI! History of their company in making such products automatically creates a media hype around the products. Its like so long as products are not very bad, they are always good. And assumed to be so! They have done a lot of work to make that happen and deserve it too. Don't forget that iPhone and iPad got the push because iPod generation of devices did a very good job convincing common folks that handheld devices can be usable. Again apple needs to be credited for this. Android can be told to have copied iPhone's trend. Not as a product. As you said others have done a better job building ecosystem to ensure such an innovation happens. Aha, Here is the problem. The days of deep reading and understand and learning are behind us. IDE's really know what is good for what situation and just autocomplete whatever is appropriate. The days when you had to read the manual at every unknown point and besides text based autocompletion in Emacs/Vi no other help from IDE's are long behind us. Most programmers todays are all about such things. In other words and putting it very directly. Productivity has become an order of an magnitude more important than knowledge and intelligence. That is partly also because a lot of work needs to be done today than it was a decade back. And when the ecosystem grows at such a rate tools to enable the common folks program get invented. These days its all about productivity. EDIT : Downvote this as much as you like, but more the frameworks and more the intelligent IDE's get. Lesser and lesser significant our jobs become. In fact to an extent they already have. We, with our very hands destroyed this when we started inventing IDE's that had intelligence to do nearly everything that had to be learn't to be done other wise. We invented frameworks to cover large number of solutions to problems. Its something like this. There was a point of time among mechanical engineers when knowing how to assemble and sweating it making things in the workshop was glorious. Today most of those jobs are inevitably automated. And apart from design and actual engineering. Most mechanical engineers can be clearly separated from foremen and workshop guys. The same is happening with software, IDE's and frameworks are making it damn easy for any idiot with vague ideas to program things into existence. Soon coding in itself will not be a very task in itself. At this rate its scary to imagine how future generation of programmers will even program. They may just deal with visual interfaces which generate programs in the backend. This is sad but inevitable in every discipline of engineering. What impact does this make on actual work delivered? Seriously, we can talk about negligible leaps of quality that a guy who learns things in details has over the one who works with powerful layers of abstractions. There a lot of workshop guys and foremen, who can repair even the most difficult problems in car engines without understand much about the physics and chemistry of things going on inside an engines. They can also build custom engines by assembling parts. Sure they can't match quality of a guy who can build everything from scratch, but get enough quality of build useful things. A lot of them can build homes. Surely some centuries back only mechanical and civil engineers could do this. But today we have tools and techniques that make dealing with things very easy. This is the natural graph of evolution in every discipline. Not just software but in nearly everything. The areas above and higher your IDE are/will be little to do with math and bit shifting. They will be more and more of domain knowledge and understanding the problem on hand and little and little to do with worrying and learning arcane facts behind the scenes. Some applications may need it but most won't. How were we able to understand try/catch while all we had known is return statements from functions and error checking through flags? How were we able to understand if/else statements now, while all we were able to understand jmp and goto statements earlier. How can people work with Microsoft excel without actually knowing they are into databases and functional programming? First you learn how to use a logical block of programming, then you learn many other blocks. Then you learn how to use them together. Then many interacting blocks come as a pre packaged solution to a lot of problems. Assembling those blocks comes in the forms of of IDE's. That is how we have managed to move from bits, to assembly language programming, to languages lisp, C and till now where IDE's do most of what we do. If you had asked anybody 50 years back if we could have come this far. Their answer would be no. Same as many people today can't believe that programming can be done without actually writing code syntactically. You can do a lot of network programming today or IO programming today without knowing anything about OS or deeper networking aspects. You could not have told the same thing 15-20 years back. The average skill required to achieve these tasks is only decreasing. On an average scale the skills, knowledge and work required to be a good programmer over 50 years has only decreased. In the future, the solution to a problem doesn't necessarily has to be a code. Haven't we seen Yahoo Pipes and things like that? I can understand this attitude that most people are showing, because it effects their bread and butter. But this is the natural progression in any discipline. I doesn't take an army of farmers and cows to do farming today. Farming is far more productive today than it was 100 years back. The same case will be with software. Like it or not, it is going to happen. I never implied that. What I said was over the years with the help of tools it takes lesser intellectual work because the more and more skill based intelligent work is automated inside IDE's and frameworks. You can do a lot of network programming today without actually understand anything about networks. You could not have said the same around 15-20 years back. Exceptions only prove the rule. The number of people working on mission critical stuff are always going to be lesser. I am not against learning things in detail. I am only saying these days productivity has become more important metric than them in most general cases. Now please don't tell me about cases like space craft/airplane design. You and I know well, they don't apply to the masses. And after all experts have got to be good at something. Can you suggest a real usable pragmatic option to Perl on a Unix scripting environment? Python and Ruby tried to compete with Perl at the large application level. Interacting with databases and other stuff kind of things. That still doesn't fulfill the requirements Perl was invented for. Larry Wall invented Perl not because he wanted a Python or Ruby, The Python and Ruby of that time were already present in the form of C. Perl was invented because C couldn't do a certain things well. Namely it never natively blended with the Unix philosophy. It couldn't do 'Text' properly. It could not be what awk, sed, grep and other Text processing utilities combined together would be. Besides all that, Perl is a natural evolution to bash, shell, sed, awk, tr, cat and many many other text processing utilities combined together working together in a very large application. That continues to remain Perl's biggest and most distinctive unbeatable advantage so far. Perl is a natural extension to Unix, and it has evolved to now be capable of doing nearly everything. If the name Perl would not have been given to Perl, it would probably Unix programming language. Think of it in that terms. Do you know why despite so much trolling, bashing and criticism Perl receives. It still manages to grow and thrive year after year, decade after decade? Its because Perl is same as C, Lisp, SQL etc. Its a first time done right language. Anything that is likely to replace Perl, will be a bad replacement to Perl. Or at maximum will be or look like Perl(Eg Perl 6). To kill Perl you may have to kill the whole Unix philosophy. Because that is what Perl is. Its a natural extension to Unix. Perl is here to stay for decades to come. Every new generation of programmers will discover Perl and use it just like how every new generation of programmers discover and use C and Lisp. That is what enables stuff like DuckDuckGo to be built in Perl. One can build anything in any language(considering the mathematical possibility). So by this definition we can all go back to building in Nand gates. But that is not what its all about. Languages get used because they do a certain job well. Perl does, what it was designed to do very well. That is precisely what Larry wall's water bed theory of complexity is about( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waterbed_theory ). You have a problem with CPAN? With CPAN, really? A ecosystem that is considered as a killer feature which no other language has managed to emulate so far? And Perl is monolithic???? Really? Are you aware what you are talking about. Are you just debating for debating's sake? Perl is probably the most extensible and flexible languages that is out there. That is what enables modules like Devel::Declare( http://search.cpan.org/~zefram/Devel-Declare-0.006011/lib/De... ) to be written. Which is what enable gems like Moose to be built( http://search.cpan.org/search?query=Moose&mode=all ) Outside Lisp, Perl is probably the most flexible and most extensible language that exist. The entire CPAN is a standing proof of that. Have you read Mark Jason Dominus's Higher order Perl, Have you read chromatic's Modern Perl? When you talk of elegance and power? You call Perl a mess of a hundred text processing utilities. Can you show me one language that does regular expressions as well as Perl? Can you show me one language that handles Unicode better than Perl? Every other language I know creates huge spaghetti mess for even simple things like opening files and matching regular expressions. Have you used things like Parse::RecDescent?? Perl also gave a lot of other beautiful things to the world. Thinks like the Artistic License. Not just that Perl is the only language community that has had more syntax based feature additions in the recent past than the rest. They have managed to release great features in the recent past. There is too much in Perl core but Python with all those batteries is good, right? Oh, C'mon. Why make your hypocrisy so apparent? Java and C# do Regex and Unicode better? What was this? Java and C# have Perl compatible regular expressions(PCRE) I don't really understand what you mean when you say Java and C# do Regexes better than Perl. Because they are copied from Perl. Besides a single Regex in those languages comes wrapped in layers and layers code surrounded by 10's of lines of exception handling mechanisms. Perl is the only language which deals with such use cases sanely. Perl was the first general purpose scripting language which had first class support regular expressions. Associative arrays. And you call that shoe horning? What about all other scripting language that added the same thing. Python doesn't even have multi line lambda's. Ruby make OO one true way of programming by its very language design. Let me tell you what problem you have. You hate Perl for some reason. You are just looking for reasons to justify that. While none exist. As I said like it or not Perl is here to stay for decades. Because no matter how you bash, troll and whine about Perl. Its utility is supreme in certain areas which is very difficult to beat. Its not always about the money I earn now, or over the next two weeks. Looking at thing from that perspective is not just a narrow minded way of looking but a very destructive thing over the longer run. I push 16 hours work day packed with productivity at the extreme, why? Sure I don't get paid for all that immediately. But bear in mind incrementally over the years I have learned tons more than the average guy. I am also better trained to perform on my current job than my peers. The chances of me doing some thing big are higher, I am better aligned to a good job/promotion or a raise. Basically when somebody is talking of career development and over time this is what they mean. I joined this industry 5 years back. Without fancy degrees, Ivy league brand, marks and grades. Today I'm far ahead of most of my peers who joined with me then. Ofcourse I have faced a lot of ridicule, mockery as to why like a fool I do so much work for free. I am not doing anything for free, I am just ok with temporary loss in compensation for a premium later. In you and your research by Richard Hamming - http://www.cs.virginia.edu/~robins/YouAndYourResearch.html , This point is mentioned: Now for the matter of drive. You observe that most great scientists have tremendous drive. I worked for ten years with John Tukey at Bell Labs. He had tremendous drive. One day about three or four years after I joined, I discovered that John Tukey was slightly younger than I was. John was a genius and I clearly was not. Well I went storming into Bode's office and said, ``How can anybody my age know as much as John Tukey does?'' He leaned back in his chair, put his hands behind his head, grinned slightly, and said, ``You would be surprised Hamming, how much you would know if you worked as hard as he did that many years.'' I simply slunk out of the office! What Bode was saying was this: ``Knowledge and productivity are like compound interest.'' Given two people of approximately the same ability and one person who works ten percent more than the other, the latter will more than twice outproduce the former. The more you know, the more you learn; the more you learn, the more you can do; the more you can do, the more the opportunity - it is very much like compound interest. I don't want to give you a rate, but it is a very high rate. Given two people with exactly the same ability, the one person who manages day in and day out to get in one more hour of thinking will be tremendously more productive over a lifetime. I took Bode's remark to heart; I spent a good deal more of my time for some years trying to work a bit harder and I found, in fact, I could get more work done. I don't like to say it in front of my wife, but I did sort of neglect her sometimes; I needed to study. You have to neglect things if you intend to get what you want done. There's no question about this. And trust me this incremental learning and productivity give mindblowing results over time. >> Im now 39 and retired How did you manage to retire so early. How did you manage to do it? There is no age limit to when you can create value. Or 'wealth' and also you don't have to be an entrepreneur to create wealth. Being an entrepreneur is one of the ways to create value and wealth. So age doesn't matter. You can create a dent in the universe at any age any time. What matters at any stage in your life your willingness to go the length, undergo pain through a tough regime, make so many sacrifices and endure the other difficult aspects to achieve what you consider as goal. And that can be done at any age. That's exactly the point. There is a lot more to life than money. And that lot more can be done, more fun can be had if there is more money. Imagine a situation where you have steady source of Income for life. There are better, interesting, challenging and more fun things to do than sitting in a cubicle for 16 hours and slogging till your bones hurt. What are you are saying is a typical of 'Enjoy the journey, forget the destination' kind of message. However you can be happy with you misery. That makes you happy, but still that does mean you live in misery.Earning little, making sacrifices and then being happy about it doesn't quite actually mean you are happy, rich and comfortable. It just means you have come to negotiation with your self that you are ok with that. I am talking of the same thing. If you had that steady stream of incoming money you wouldn't even need your current job. You would have all the time for yourself, and more quality time for your family. Sometimes it happens that you have made all the money in the world after a hectic period of years. And by his definition "CTO" and "Chief Architect" perfectly fill in those roles .Anything more than that becomes delta. So you now decide to keep yourself busy in a less stressful job, for little money. And then do whatever you want to do, as you have all the money in the world to back you up. You can fail, get fired or go on long vacations without worrying much about your employment. Well how much of "just trading money for something else they valued greatly" works in real life is worth pondering. After a while most people will realize that your spouse/kids would rather need money not time from you. Its far better to have a rich dad/husband than poor one who spends more time. Over time even the guy who made this choices will know that, every time he sees someone buying a new car, going on a costly vacation, sending kids to a Ivy league and all the big money luxuries. Inevitable peer comparisons happen, and things get out of hand pretty quickly. You generally get to hear 'How I learned to be happy with little' kind of stories from such people. Sorry for asking a noob question. But what really is a bit coin? I mean in physical existence. Is it just a file(plain text) with some data/metadata? And stealing it means copying those files, and then deleting the source? Which in case how is this any different than traditional bank account. My money in the bank is basically DB record. And that can be stolen. The bank can then just say to every one 'look this transaction from db such and such is no longer valid'. Can't bit coin do the same? I guess I'm missing something fundamental. Can somebody explain this? Even if that is the case its far more comfortable to be sad inside a Ferrari than a Bus. It doesn't work that way. Rails is a major reason for the kind of push Ruby got. There was a time when CGI and Perl were synonymous. You won't believe how many people have a similar opinion about JQuery and Javascript these days. A few days back I wanted to use a object oriented language for a big project. Generally I straight away go and use Perl for all my experiments. But since this time I wanted Java programmers to be working with my project later I thought let me use Python as its more syntactically closer to Java. When I started coding, my manager peeked over my shoulder and asked if it was Python in which I was coding I replied yes. He immediately asked me to stop writing in it, as he thinks writing in 2.x is waste of time as it is going to go away, 3.x is not yet having all the libraries. And writing 2.x will force a huge rewrite effort later. I tried and reasoned enough to convince other wise. But alas, it didn't fly. That is how it works with pointy haired managers. They read something some where and then hold strong opinions about a particular technology. As programmers we can try and educate people in forums like these. But managers don't read these forums. They are likely to read magazines from IBM and Oracle, where XML's are glorified and eclipse is presented as the biggest productivity booster ever. Unless we get a forum on such magazines, we won't be able to make much difference. You are not getting the point about this situation. The rants that are coming in are not about what has happened, but what could have happened. Imagine a situation if somebody had deleted all the data or worse committed malicious code to important repos. And then used it create a bigger mess later it would have been disastrous. If this can't be taken seriously I don't know what can be. I don't think anything will happen to Github or even Rails users. There user base will not likely decrease.It will increase infact. More importantly people reading this forum are very scanty in the larger picture of people writing software around the world. Software and tools get used in 99% of cases for average programmers because of jobs,popularity and usability reasons. I bet of all the Rails programmers, and Git hub users very few would have heard the news. And of those few who have heard it very few would understand the seriousness of the issue. The only benefit that has come out of this, is a serious problem has been averted. If this vulnerability had been discovered by some body who makes his bread and butter cracking systems. He could have done a great deal of damage to a lot of systems. Lets hope that Rails finds and fixes these sort of vulnerabilities. To avoid bigger problems in the future. Well I didn't blame Github, did I? I'm just pointing out the seriousness of the situation. Punishing Egor Homakov in this case is a classic example of 'No good deed goes unpunished'. Had this vulnerability been found by somebody with evil on his mind. We would be having a very different debate now. We all make mistakes. And I don't really blame Github for this. But we must at no cost downplay this incident. And discussing about this will only do good. After reading all this including your story,Personally I will never report any security or other incident to anybody(If I happen to find one). Because no good deed goes unpunished. No one appreciates what good caused by your help. It just bruises peoples egos and they violently lynch you for 'How dare you point a mistake at a genius like me, you should have tried whispering in my year'. Its for incidents like this people refuse to help in not just security situations but also in emergency situations because you get entangled in unnecessary mess. People just let the world burn. Should we develop on Python 3.x series or 2.x series? Libraries aren't really ready for 3.x series and developing on 2.x series is not making any sense as if 2.x ultimately goes away then migration effort on that is not worth. At the same time 3.x ecosystem is not ready either. Good thoughts! I think software has a lot of reusable principles/concepts. And these days syntax is really skin. Programming languages get used a lot because their ecosystem. You are definitely very correct to demand perfection in at least one walk of our profession. Because those concepts get reused nearly everywhere. Another thing that I don't understand is rejecting people merely because they don't know answers to some questions from the algorithm and data structures text book. Software engineering today is so much about so many things. Above all I would say productivity and passion is the only factors I would use to judge people today. Because those factors decide nearly every other factor. Frankly speaking I interviewed for a bigMegaCorp last year which is pretty famous. Can't give out the name of the company for obvious reasons. They first had a telephonic round and checked around my skills. They talked of my last projects and make me write some code. It went well. Then they invited me to have some onsite interviews. It was the most pathetic interview experience any body could ever have. They gave me a laptop and made me code. Which I did. The first day they had three 1.5 hours session coding session based interviews. Of which I missed only on one question. They went pretty fine. They told two days later I need to go through more interviews, It was a another two coding sessions plus a database and common design pattern based interview which I also did well. But they called in a week later and said I needed to come again. Frankly speaking my patience had ran out. But nevertheless I still went. Only to find I had to go through another three rounds. This time the experience was pathetic. Its was full of puzzles and memorizing arcane facts of various bits and pieces of software which I bet no productive programmer will ever have time for. It was puzzles and fact quizzing galore like I had never seen before. Coupled by one Algorithm interview and I bet they asked mathematics I had never heard of before. Another week later they told me I was rejected. Now this is what I have a problem with. You want somebody who can build quality software, who knows his trade. Programming languages, Databases, Tools, design patterns, Quality and other daily stuff. How the hell does it matter the guy doesn't know facts and puzzles? Frankly speaking I can learn that too! If I spend 30 mins a day reading the career cup ebook and other internet puzzle forums I can very well game the algorithm and puzzle rounds. But what will this every say about my skills as a programmer? All this 'Github as a resume' , and 'Stackoverflow profile as a resume' work fine only in forums like these. Otherwise every interview has a puzzle and algorithm quiz round which has absolutely no relevance to the daily work of a programmer. Honestly all big web companies claiming to hire the best are definitely hiring the most knowledgeable person. But none of them are hiring outliers, passionate and productive people who can do miracles. This also perfectly explains, why most of their innovation and growth happens through acquisitions and not in house innovations. Because most companies have people who know a lot, but not necessarily who can do a lot. >> Much harder to interview for the very best, the mythical 10x productivity programmers[2], those who can handle 100k LOC, 1M, or more. Perhaps this is the difference between an experienced non-expert and a real expert[3]. Only that the 10x productive programmer deosn't quite really have time in his day job to memorize and master arcane facts and puzzles. And since it turns out the big Web brands are all about this facts and puzzles in their initial rounds. This means they are missing out on nearly all 10x productive programmers. Actually there are a lot of programmers like these. I have a relative of mine, who has around 20+ experience in embedded software/hardware areas. He has made tons of cash, built amazing stuff. Run and sold a start up and is currently running a small company. He has enough cash to retire, but he is one of the folks to whom retirement doesn't mean not working. He doesn't have a blog, his idea of social network is probably his linkedin profile, nothing more. And he doesn't harp and tweet about every single discovery he is making every two hours(which is pretty common today). He just works like crazy, gets work done, makes his money as silently as he can. There are a lot of folks like these, but they are hidden, they keep to themselves. Make enough money doing what they like. And are generally at places they want to work at. You can't really interview such people. Because they choose you, you don't get to choose them. So clearly common interviewing techniques are not for guys like these. And most of these guys don't work at big Web giants. Well I am sure they are. But so far the best people in the industry I have seen so far have no time for puzzles and facts. They have better things to do and build. And they are busy enough and generally have enough of the actual work, to keep themselves busy enough to be adding meaningful value. I now follow the same principle. I've cut down on my social network interactions. Once a day email communication. No more fact hunting. No more evaluation of every single open source software that gets released. No more worrying about language wars. No more text book reading etc. I plan my actual work in a GTD model. I execute in pomodoro style. All aligned towards getting work done and keeping me busy and productive all day. I have received amazing results. I've developed new hobbies like music. I spend meaningful time on things like meditation and exercise in whatever spare time remains. I am for sure not going back to any puzzle and algorithm shopping any more. My experience reveals provided I can remain a order of magnitude more productive then others everything else will get automatically get taken care of. I think you deserve appreciation for showing such patience and bravery to be programming Java in Emacs. On any other day, if the choice of eclipse or equivalents(IntelliJ etc) is not available it practically makes zero sense to deal with monstrosity and needless complexity Java has with a ordinary text editor. Even if that is Emacs. Emacs is still a text editor. On any given day Java development makes sense only if done on a IDE. And that's nearly every Java programmer works. Exceptions exist, but they only prove the rule. Having said all that, These days eclipse really does 90% of the coding. You job is only to tell eclipse what needs to be auto completed. I have come to believe that a decent programmer can and should be able to work well enough without an IDE. Presence of an IDE should be a sufficient condition not a necessary condition and I see so much of the latter. I have come to believe that a decent marathon runner can and should be able run well enough without shoes. Presence of shoes should be a sufficient condition not a necessary condition and I see so much of the latter. You can run for like 50 meters without shoes. But you need shoes to run a marathon. It makes zero sense to be developing a very big Java application without IDE's. And any one who is doing is simply for no reason under going self punishment. I use an IDE--and for many languages, ex. Java, Scala, and C#, would say I have to--because my time is worth something to me. For the languages you've mentioned. Java and C# do you really have any other option, but to use an IDE? Its like, goes without saying and assumed that you are and every body is programming with an IDE. In case of Java. You must know eclipse today is nearly a part of the language and not a separate tool. I do most of my other stuff Perl/Python and any other stuff apart from Java on Emacs. Some times on Sublime Text 2. I am now planning to shift to ST2. Even on an editor like ST2 which is awesome anyway. You get to see what an editor is designed for. Its supposed to make 'Text' manipulation easy. So that is what it is, after everything. So Emacs with all its power is still a Text editor, albeit a very powerful one. Every time I work on Text editor I focus on reading manuals and understanding stuff no matter which editor that is. But with Java,IntelliJ and Eclipse its different, I just throw in whatever little is there on my mind and just wait for the autocomplete to do the magic. Some of my colleagues go a step far. They just can't write any Java code without an IDE and I see that's the case with nearly every Java programmer I've met so far! Even in interviews. Its sort of like if you are talking of Java development its taken for granted that its is happening on an IDE. You never know, a few days from now the Java language specification my include a IDE specification. According to me tools and languages must enable you think more than you write. Unfortunately in case of Java(and now growingly Python) you just can't work without an IDE. Just like how many programmers manage to program Java on Emacs today... I mean does anybody have to bear that kind of a pain for no reason? And what you are going to accomplish doing that by the way? I don't understand this self punishment and I don't see why this is even needed. I think the phrase is used metaphorically. In other words it probably means. Tough circumstances may kill your(Bring you big failures) but you emerge stronger out of it once its over. I think the percentage of users who even know what Javascript is, are negligible to an extent that they don't even matter. And people who don't know look for a new search engine rather than learning how do disable Javascript. I thought about this too! Disease are a serious case. But its shameful that at this stage in the evolution of human kind we have people dieing of hunger and malnutrition. Facebook and Google have improved the daily lives of billions of people. Tesla Motors' electric car? Very impressive and a lot of promise, but so far all it's done is increase the self-satisfaction of ~1000 people. The same could be told about computer in the 1950's, I am talking about the famous misquote : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_J._Watson#Famous_misquot... there was a world market for maybe five computers If fossil fuels aren't going drive cars in the future its going to be something else. Fuel cells or Electricity. If IBM had thought or if any body else would have thought how difficult it was to create computing power to derive any meaningful value. We wouldn't be having computers today. I understand the true spirit of this post. But regarding finding the right tools for the job(which in this case is syntax highlighting) is worth chasing. I was once helping out a relative of mine. Who was doing some freelance project in electronics. As a deliverable we had to ship some soldered boards in four days. We didn't quite have a organized working shop. The first night we worked it was a disaster. Nothing was in place, and we spent great deal of time solving confusions and finding scattered tools. Then the next day we spent all the day getting organized and finished the entire job the very next day. Getting organized helps. But I noticed a strange thing during that project. As we were soldering, I realized apart from talking to each other about some topic intermittently. We never really got distracted and got off our seats and we were never distracted. We only took food and rest room breaks nothing more. How did that happen, I did simple analysis: 1. We were not spoiled by choice. Like in software where there are gazillion things and standards to choose from. 2. Focused task, Solder, pick components, debug, multimeter. 3. No such thing like a browser to distract. 4. Ability to measure goals. Something that is difficult to do in software. 5. Doing and exploring new things have a little higher barrier to entry. Thereby you don't shift tasks until you complete the current one completely. 6. Information available is to the point and not like software where every other blog has a hello,world program posted. Thereby doing something new requires iterations of focussed reading, implementing, testing. Having said, this model is a little difficult to create in software. I guess Electronic engineers at a time were plagued with same problems decades back when they had 50 free PIC projects magazines near every door way. And having to worry about every new precision voltmeter that comes very other week. Many of our problems will resolve automatically with some quality standardization in our industry. We still quarrel about Text editors, things like syntax highlighting. Most technology communities should by now figure out that if you are releasing something cool, you also need to take care of the tooling. Hmm, I think its more scratching the 'itch'. I can think of one more case like this Larry Wall's 'Perl'. Perl was invented because of some form of rabit holing. Actually productive rabit holing can make a good business. This is true for reference books. But not for other kinds of books like Novels, tutorials. If somebody is reading a Reference book, then they are reading it the way you describe. But if you are learning something/trying to get enough information for the moment you must know what information to neglect else the 'rabbit hole' problem is inevitable. Sometimes a tunnel vision on productivity alone, can become a case of premature optimization. I'm a lot productive today because of the many things I got introduced when falling through many 'rabit holes'. But there happens to a be balance that needs to be stuck. And in many peoples cases rabit holes keep expanding to bottom less pits. I've tried to push Python for many projects at our shop. But it always get shot down by We don't want to write in 2.x series as its going to go away, and 3.x ecosystem isn't ready yet . The more this continues, the more some technology is going to eat Python's lunch. If Python wanted to break backwards compatibility they should have done so with some big major changes. That would have been justifiable. Right now no one sees a reason to break backwards compatibility to go to a no-so-ready ecosystem at the expense little gains. At the same time no wants to write 2.x either. At least people planning to maintain their code base for years aren't going to write in a major version that's going to go away. To be really frank for quality programming shops. Readability is hardly an issue. They have better issues to worry about like features, scalability etc. And readability in itself, I mean alone in its own merit isn't a deciding factor for most projects today. Far too many factors decide in choosing a language today, they rapidly change and will continue to change over time. Concurrency and JVM's feasibility is giving clojure great mileage in the mainstream. The problem with python is, its brittle enough to break at any new syntax experiment. This doesn't do good for language evolution. And evolution is what keeps you in the game. How else do you think Perl and Lisp have managed to survive and grow till today's date. I don't sort of want to be making a negative point here. But hey Perl has been adding keywords and new syntax to Perl 5 without breaking backwards compatibility. Some times flexibility is important. This still doesn't solve the problem of users who wish to start a project in Python now. Should they work with 2.x which is going to go away, or 3 whose ecosystem is not ready yet. People who are supposed to make decisions on choosing technology are not going to think that way. There are better things to worry than to maintain two parallel versions of the same code supposed to run on two different versions of Python. Its either going to be one of them or some other language. though if Tiobe is at all believed, Python is declining sharply in interest. http://www.tiobe.com/index.php/content/paperinfo/tpci/index.... Java script seems to be going strong. Python has fallen by 3 places and has the maximum drop in ratings among top 20 languages. Python is right next to Perl. Since according to many Pythonistas and the references they used to point to in the past when they talked of Perl, Perl was dead for the same metrics which Python has now. 1. A major revision whose ecosystem isn't ready. 2. Current stable widely deployed version is going to go away soon. 3. Fall in ratings. 4. Fall in usage. 5. Rise of new languages like clojure. And since now Python has the same metrics and is next to Perl. Can we say Python is dead? It must be since TIOBE says so! To everybody who is downvoting this, this is heights of hypocrisy and fanboy'ism. I am just applying the same principles to Python what used to be applied to Perl. And more importantly there is data to back up everything that I said. As I said people have better issues to worry about than walking on a string trying to balance not falling on either side. They are either going to use one of them fully or neither. Unless you believe Django ~ Python. And that is bad news for Python, trust me. We have already seen this in the past. Perl ~ CGI/Sysadmin Javascript ~ Jquery Ruby ~ Rails Python ~ Django??? This is a dangerous path to go and never does good over the longer run. I don't see any reason why I must do all this extra stuff. When there are better alternatives available elsewhere. I don't get the start up hype. Start ups are great. But not all start ups are great. Similarly not all big companies are bad. There are a certain things only a big companies can do, Big companies put man on moon, put satellites into orbits, invented the first mobile phone, build mainframes, manufacture drugs that save billions of lives on planet etc. Minus some very bad places, if you can't do great work where your are now. You won't do it any where else. There are a lot of brilliant people who work in big corporations on things that are important. You may not see them or their work as upfront as Google's homepage. But every time you take your medication, every time you swipe your credit card. Some one some where is building stuff that makes such a thing possible. Fact is, I'm productive with a 8 hour a day schedule if and only if: 1. What I need to do is clear and known. 2. I've been doing the is same everytime or something of similar pattern. 3. No meetings and distractions in between. But the fact is, none of this is true in our area of work. To some extent even if something similar exists it wont work for many reasons. For every person who wants to go back home, there is always a peer who is putting in extra hours innovating, building and learning. By the well known rate of success coming at an near exponential rate to people to work hard and are productive, the rate becomes exponential if they add crazy work hours to it. Building stuff requires a goal. Then implementation, experimentation, test a feed back loop and then back to implementation. And then this cycle goes on in iteration. This requires tuits(Uninterrupted large workable free chunks of time) to allow a degree of focus and flow seep into the person. And most of tuits are generally available only early in the morning or in the night. This by default means you already agree to work crazy hours. So in summary, I can't do a 40 hour work week because 1. I will loose out to my peers in the long term race. 2. Meetings. 3. My work requires genuine supply of atleast two big tuits a day to remain competitive and have a good growth both money and career wise. A bigger problem is making people think that 60 hour weeks is normal, or honourable, and that a 40 hour week is lazy or disloyal or unproductive or harmful to the company. That's not true, and it's possibly leading to early death of some people. It's certainly making some people miserable. I like working a lot, making great stuff. Some people don't. But that's not my problem. Asking me not to work, just because some body else doesn't want to, is injustice. I have faced this situation in the past. I used to get a lot of work done in my last company(I was productive and used to push crazy hours) and by that definition I was learning, making and getting a lot of recognition. Soon a bunch of girls went and complained to the manager its becoming a one sided game. And the suggestion they gave to solve their problem was to stop me from putting those extra works. Now here is my problems, for whatever reason if you can't/don't want to do something big in life. I doesn't mean everyone should do the same to make you feel good. This is more or less like socialism. You force the rich to become poor just because the poor don't want to be rich. EDIT: C'mon guys why would you downvote this? Choice to choose a worklife style is upto to the individual. Stopping Individual from achieving their goals is in direct contradiction to freedom to pursuit of happiness . HN is becoming like reddit, things get up/downvoted on mood not on merit. I don't know why you consider working hard as a broken culture. Lets say #2 is not a problem for the minute and you meet somebody like you. He and you do your day job in 8 hrs. But he puts in an additional 5-6 hours a day and is likely to put for the coming years. Now suddenly you will find yourself in a corner as he will grow(in comparison) inevitably. And there will be little you can do. Putting in crazy hours isn't mandatory, but neither is winning and succeeding. Please note the person who works 8 hours a day sincerely is getting what he is supposed to get. Also the person who works for 8 hrs + x hrs is getting what he is supposed to get. If you are saying despite working for ( 8 + x ) hrs he must not get anything extra or he and the guy who works for 8 hrs must both get the same, defeats the very laws of karma. Besides, The 8 hrs guy has a problem only if gets into comparisons with the ( 8 + x ) hours guy. The expectation that one must get paid the same but do little work compared to somebody else generally makes a classic case when the individual blames others for merely being lucky for the comparative success. This is the best answer I have heard so far. So as long as you are happy with whatever you do, you are the happiest man in the universe. And I have no problems with this. I have problems with people who stop other people from working hard, just because they don't want to. This is true provided you have to master the instrument. Not when you compose music. They are two different things. Typing is not the same as programing. I learned to type real fast long back. But I'm still learning the art of programming. Knowing when to work, when and how to rest is the key. Besides you can train your biological cycle to do wonders. Yes this is true, and you would be definitely helping a lot of people. One of my long term goals is contribute to a open source community. I am from India, and English is not my mother tongue. Sometime I make mistakes, but I correct them often when some one points out. I don't think its a big issue, I don't see this as a problem while coding, interaction or even while writing documentation. Sometimes I make a mistake because of my mother tongue influence over English. From the slides clojurePoweredStartups.pdf 1. Our community is not enterprisey. I always thought that this is because of : http://perl.plover.com/yak/12views/samples/notes.html#sl-39 problem #1 is a total cluelessness about what other people consider valuable and useful. problem #2 is that when faced with someone else's problem which Lisp doesn't solve effectively, the response is a mixture of ``that's not a real problem'' and ``you're an idiot for wanting to solve that.'' I have seen this so many times, that I have even forgotten the count. MJD is right. In my case this is what prevents me from using Lisp. 1. Lack of most commonly used libraries to do every task. 2. No proper tooling support, No IDE's. No good build and maintenance tools. 3. Impractical approach to everyday problem solving which can other wise done in Perl. 4. Very high barrier to entry. And no effort from the community to make it easier. Reading documentation requires knowledge of a lot of things. 5. Overall complete refusal and denial to even agree these problems exist. All this prevents people from learning, hence using. Without some volume of people knowing how to work with Lisp. Lisp doesn't have a chance of getting adopted in the enterprise. No body will use a language in which hiring is difficult. And who ever hires uses his own tools and programs with notepad. Frameworks, libraries, tools, volumes of programmers, good documentation, good forum support is crucial for any language to win today. Merely language being good, does little for the adoption. Hmmm, You tie money with a definition of a modern 'job'. The way I see people used eat, get cured of disease and live how we live today. Without the traditional definition of a job as we know today. People will have to continue to work to make a living. But it may not necessarily be a job meant in the sense of working for large corporate etc. Let us put it this way. As automation increases and there are cheaper and greener ways to harness and use energy. What we are likely to see is change of goals in life. We may no longer strive for food, clothing and shelter. Many things may come automatically. But we will have to still work to make a living for many things like medicine, travel, vacations etc but the basic stuff may all come at cheaper prices. There will still be 'rich' and 'poor' people. People will pay for greater things. The poor will no longer strive for basic survival, but they will have to strive for luxury. The whole point is the definition of poverty and luxury will change. And we are likely to have better standards of living at the lowest levels. Before this thread descends to saying the 'The Matrix' is inevitable. If the levels automation rise to crazy levels, and there are cheaper and greener sources to energy to drive them. Then Food, Clothing and Shelter won't be much of a problem. We will get those three things without much effort. In other words, you can survive without doing anything. But you will still pay for Opera, a concert, you will pay to visit a art gallery. You will still pay for quality entertainment. You will continue to pay for a costly vacation in a foreign country. You will pay to find out the deepest secrets of the universe and traveling to get there. Somebody might invent an organic fruit which might taste nothing like before, and you might have to pay just to taste it. There might be narcotic drugs that take you heaven without killing you, and you might pay for it etc etc. .Our goals as a society will be different. But we will still have to work to meet them . There will be reasons for humans to exist, but those will be very different reasons. This is something that I see at many places these days. Scripting has become synonymous with Perl. And for anything else People are really going in for Java. But Django and Rails seem to be the major reasons why people continue to use Python. Having said that no company that is making billions in profits is going to bet their very survival on a framework written and maintained by volunteers. Frameworks come and go, Every 5 years there is something new. The problem is python never took off as a scripting language. In spirit it was a great language to develop applications in. This creates a dilemma for a lot of people while choosing a technology. If you have to choose a language where you don't want to develop stuff quickly. Then you now have sufficient time to choose a static language and then develop stuff at the speed desired. For other quick stuff there is Perl anyway.And it doesn't make sense to use Python, which is slow(compared to java), which doesn't give quick development cycle(compared to perl). If you wish to relevant for a long time, then you have to do at least one thing properly. Companies spend money on things that bring them profits or enable making profits. Java and C# helped their companies do that. But with Python,Tcl and Haskell its a little different. Its good for the companies if they off, but if they don't they don't loose anything. I have hardly seen any shop so far, at least in the most big/medium corporates who use Python or Ruby heavily in scripting. Its either bash or Perl. The problem is as I said, Neither Ruby or Python were every marketed, designed or even took off as a Scripting languages. Most start ups pick up Python/Ruby basically because they don't need a new language with their existing Django/Rails code base. Even in such cases one you infrastructure begins to expand, one you are a reasonably sized team. Perl usage becomes inevitable. Even among the heavy Python using companies like Google, its becoming clear why anybody would not use Python or even deprecate it in production. Because it doesn't quite really have a strong dedicated niche. Php has the web, Perl has the scripting/glue part on the Unix environment. Java has the static large app part. Python/Ruby have great web development frameworks.But when it comes to scripting, there are no real alternatives to Perl. And besides if you wish to develop large applications, Static languages serve well. There is no point in using Python when you don't want to cook things quickly. You will be shocked how many places apart from web communities and forums like these people haven't even heard of Ruby and Python. Most of my friends in big companies some of who also lead big teams over the years 'have just had a look at Python'. I realize that I have posted this in a community that likes Python a lot and I'm likely to be downvoted. But I'm writing just what I've seen over time. I agree with you in principle. But an employment isn't the same as a relationship with a Person. Life in most large corporates starts with heightened expectation in the first few weeks/days and from there on its a constant decline and a complete mismatch in what the person expected and what the actual reality is. My experiences have been horrible, I've seen a never ending timeline of nepotism, biased behaviors and partiality in large companies. Endless bureaucracy, politics and socialist style of 'one works, everyone else leeches on him' style of working very common. Its this bitter fact is what causes the maximum attrition of good people from the company and not the inevitable boredom that happens with historical baggage. >> treating technical people as interchangeable, and therefore assuming that all technical people are mediocre, and therefore assuming that maturity and judgment only exist in management....the ultimate masters of the universe, as they must in certain large corporations, they start to think of management as the final step in human development: infant, child, adolescent, worker, manager. Back here in India, this mentality is so common and prevalent that it assumed if you don't become a manager within 5 years of you joining the industry you are fit for nothing. Also managerial posts are supposed to be mean't for the best as you mention masters of the universe . Many people even express shock, when someone above 27-28 codes or is involved in some tech work. Its considered as a sign of incompetence and under performance, like as though the person isn't really ready for the 'actual' stuff yet. This has already let to huge problems in getting work done in large Indian IT firms. There just aren't good people anymore. >> correlates strongly with caring about more than the paycheck. Why shouldn't the top contributor worry about his pay check or money? Top contributor != A person who does great work for free. Unfortunately this is how it is perceived in the industry. I've seen managers consider top contributors who look for money as evil wealth grabbers. Whereas a guy who does nothing sitting in the next cubicle is still acceptable. Well why does Perl win: Ready for this? The way I see, Any other way of doing regular expressions sucks more badly. In fact if you are look to replace your regular expressions with something else you are likely to inherit a thick verbose pile of junk. Now why do regular expressions work. Look at this thing below: $line =~ m/ /; This can also be written as, $line =~ m' '; or $line =~ / /; This matches the line with , Why is this special? Because it just allowed to you match a line without first compiling the regex, and then matching it. Not just that it saved you from writing several tens of lines of code before using a regex which you generally have to do in other languages. So you can do something like: if ($line =~ /regex/) { } or do_something() if $line =~ /regex/; This is a bit of natural language way.. In case of file operations: while( ) { chomp; #Do your stuff } There are some amazing things that Perl does like my @file_content = `cat somefile`; Suddenly all contents are in an array in your program. Worried about removing new lines from that array? Just do chomp(@file_content) Want to go over that file now? Just do foreach my $line(@file_content) { #Do your stuff here } Want to deal with that line? You have, my @fields = split( / /, $line ); Want to do more matching/extracting from lines? my @processing = map { do_something($_) } @fields; Want to find something in that array? my @results = grep { /some regex/ } @fields; Want to handle exceptions? eval { #Some operation } if $@ { #Handle exception } open( FILEHANDLE , ' Just felt the need to create a small database? use strict; use warnings; use DB_File; use Fcntl; my %some_hash tie (%some_hash, "DB_File", $dbm_file, O_RDONLY or die "Unable to open dbm file $dbm_file: $!"; #change your hash untie(%some_hash); You just got a key-value database. Want to execute a shell command? `/some/command/execute`; or system('/some/commmand/execute'); Need to create a function? sub function_name { my ($var1,$var2..) = @_; } Need to create a Class or a Package? package Name; #do stuff here 1; You can also create anonymous functions my $function = sub {}; $function->(); This also means you can create a closure: sub function1 { my $function = sub {#does something}; return \$function; } In latest versions of Perl, there are some cool features like: given($some_data_structure) #what ever that is array, reference etc { when ( #some match operation ) { #do something } ... ... } this serves both as a smart matching loop/switch statment. All the above gives you quick scripting tools. You also have your usual set of ternary operator,if..else, you can also quote regular expressions. Now why did I write this, I wrote this to tell that. Perl's motto is to get stuff done. In a no BS way. It adapts to your style, its Object oriented, its functional etc. You decide the style the language bends to you. You get Best of the OO features from Moose( http://search.cpan.org/~doy/Moose-2.0402/lib/Moose.pm ), You get modules like Devel::Declare and DBIx::Class, You also get a framework like catalyst. At the same time you can write in funtional programming techniques. You can do cool stuff like Memoization and higher order parsing. For more information read Mark Jason Dominus's Higher order Perl - (free ebook) http://hop.perl.plover.com/ At the same time you as a novice can begin with programming with what you understand Read Chromatic's Modern Perl Book - (free ebook) - http://onyxneon.com/books/modern_perl/ You can do Object oriented programming, Functional programming, Declarative programming all without shoe horning things using frameworks. You can build big to medium sized apps. Its difficult to demonstrate all that in a post, Hence read MJD's book. But at the very same time you can use it as a scripting language in which you can cook scripts are at a very quick pace, You can quickly prototype, solve data/text processing problems. You can make it behave like awk, sed and what not. You can create quick databases. No wonder its still among the top programming languages in the world even after 25 years since its release. Last but not the least, Its killer app : http://www.cpan.org/ I've never had problems reading Perl anymore than I've had reading code in some other language. Its not, basically because if you have bad programmers working for your then you have bigger problems than choosing a language. And if you have good programmers, then readability isn't a problem. Not even a thing to think about. The code is not tested, I didn't give much thought while writing it. I just wrote it as things were flowing out of my mind. There are likely to be mistakes. And after all, its a comment. I don't know what might have Larry thought while designing this. But I can imagine only of one thing. While writing Perl one liners it might become difficult to fit in the parameters in the usual C based function implementation syntax, in such cases this might turn out useful. Let us not forget sysadmins use Perl a lot on the command line. I have similar experiences. Although I'm not an old timer like you :) I came to the Perl party a pretty late. But Perl is so much like Emacs. Once you learn it well the productivity gains are exponential. Once you are familiar with the language to a level. The program just flows out naturally even as your thinking. And yes to mention somethings in Perl make it so easy for that happen is really Larry's genius to build such a thing. This is also what enables a person to write useful applications in very little time, while avoiding most of the cruft traditional languages have. The surprising thing is, most people don't know about this. But when they first encounter it literally hits you like a lifelong addiction. I do a lot of innovation at $dayjob and most of the times people think I'm a genius or super productive. But, its only that Perl enables me to do stuff so quickly it often looks like magic to people around. According to me good code is what makes the comment unnecessary. And writing such a thing requires understanding many things. And those things are language agnostic. Like some one mentioned in this thread, languages tend to be judged by the quality of code produced by their worst user. For once you can write unreadable code in any language. Even in C and Lisp. In fact there you can create bigger problems and more unreadable code. I think Perl works very hard internally to match the user intent when the user writes something. This practically gels with Larry Wall's water bed theory of complexity( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waterbed_theory ). some systems, such as human and computer languages, contain a minimum amount of complexity, and that attempting to "push down" the complexity of such a system in one place will invariably cause complexity to "pop up" elsewhere. Take for example the given-when syntax in Perl - http://perldoc.perl.org/functions/given.html It really works hard enough to work as a switch statement with smart matching - http://perldoc.perl.org/perlsyn.html#Switch-statements with the adapting to the user intention. I have always wondered how the Perl will evolve in the future. I see it will look more and more like Perl 6 adding features to make the magic look spectacular and amazing. We are already seeing Moose and Moosex and various other modules developed using Devel::Declare and the amazing stuff that they can do. By working to match the user intention, the programmer generally can build the program in his head even while he is imagining the features. Overall the greatest power of Perl that I have seen is, You can start your text editor and really build things as you think. Unlike many languages where you need a IDE which 100's of MB's heavy or you have to continually bother dealing with piles and piles of verbose code which often requires hours and hours of effort figure out what's happening underneath the layers. I think that decision boils down to what value YC can bring to their company now. I don't know what to reply except that the very words 'process', 'interview', 'batch', 'moderation' these all exist to bring sanity and order into any system at the expense of mediocrity. Like someone said "Micheal Jordan would NOT want to be selected by YC". This means people like Mark Zuckerberg, Larry Page, Sergey brin, Bill Gates, Steve Jobs are not likely to come out of YC. Because the very fact that they have to go through layers of interview sessions, and then spend time performing to you, to get your attention like some performance artist performing to the king to get his attention means that is not going to happen. Because people screw up in interviews. And a interview is generally no measure what the true story actually is. The guide to cracking interviews and performance is learning how to game the system. If your process is known to people outside,and they plan enough to cover all the corners and deal their cards well, they can game your interview process. That's how job hoppers who can do nothing hop around in circles of big successful companies. The situation from evaluating a 'good product' changes to evaluating 'how good the interview went'. Nerds, Geeks of the best quality hate all this interviewing, playing-to-the-galleries-business. That is why they wish to build their own firm. Now if you subject them though the same bureaucratic process which they had otherwise go through in a traditional large corporate(Applying, interviewing etc) they are just going to go away, take money from somebody else and build some stuff in the same time. If I would be building a business and need funding from somebody. I would go to them and explain them 'whats in it for them' and take their money. But if have to go through the same large corporate styles process for this, I will be spending my time for something else. Because the very purpose my starting a business is to avoid that corporate styles processes. You have to seriously ask what value you bring, or how different you are from anybody else. If you are just evaluating profit prospects(which I agree, is important), funding, taking profits back. Then really you are just another VC. There is nothing wrong with that. But that is what it boils down to. There is huge difference between traveling to places on earth and space and the motivation to do so. On earth you might be traveling for whatever boring reason. Imagine if some one told you Shangri La actually exists and you have to bear some pain for an year to get there. What would you do? Will you take some pain to get there and live at Shangri La for some days? I definitely would. And I'm sure many would. To me going to moon looks like a more interesting prospect than going to mars. None of that would matter for the 'dead guy' in the graveyard. What matters is your experiences when your alive. What matters more? The rich guy gets a more comfortable coffin too! My rule is Simple, Girls or Boys. Black or white, no matter what race, religion, ethnicity or even personal preferences people have. Deal with them professionally. Judge them with only on performance, nothing else. I hope that the discussion of this topic doesn't make men paranoid about saying anything around women, because the fun and banter is one of the things that makes working in IT so enjoyable. This is what most people do when things come with thousand strings attached. I never talk to women unless and until it becomes completely unavoidable. And if it is needed, I just restrict to whatever minimal it would take to 'get the job done' for the moment. I know about guys, you can tell anything to them. In fact in my team guys joking guys is so common, its considered abnormal if they don't joke. But with women, you can never be sure, you don't even what offends and what not. So keep interactions to bare minimum. True, Blow your trumpet and blow it louder. That always helps. Your accomplishments are nothing until you successfully explain it to others and let them know you did it. Keeping things to yourself and telling no one appreciates your genius never works. This is going to be a rant... I am an Indian! Currently staying in Bangalore. Indians don't buy Technology? This is BS, right? Indians pay for technology all the time. From the poorest to richest. Just because they don't click on paypal and the money doesn't land in your start up's account it doesn't mean Indians don't pay up. The average levels of Piracy in India will more or less be the same as they are around the world. Indians pay for things that bring them value. Not just because you built something. And it is you who built it.So first understand what value you bring common Indian masses. I know of Auto drivers and cab drivers who get costly metering and taxi dispatch systems fitted to their vehicles. And they are really poor people. They are paying for technology, because it brings value to them. Do you know how many people use mobiles phones in India? Even the poorest people might be earning less than $1 a day(I know many beggars who carry mobile phones) use mobile phones in India, and they pay their bills. I know Temples, Churches, Mosques use scrolling displays outside their compounds for various announcements. The displays survive in tough weather. And they sell. They bought it because it adds value to them. I know ordinary middle class people, buy handy glucometers( for diabetes/blood sugar level testing) and Nebulizers and Sphygmomanometers(To check their blood pressure levels), Glucometers made by Accecheck. Why do they buy this technology? Because it brings value to them. Millions of middle class Indians use solar technology and rain water harvesting systems. And they pay for it, you know why? Because it brings value to them. I can go on and on... Citing examples. India is like every other country and Indians are like people from any other nation. People pay up when they see some value in the product. So any time you accuse Indians of not paying up. Ask your self a simple question. What value does my service/product bring to the people If you can't come up with a good answer to this question. Really the problem is with your product strategy. Not Indians. Or India as a whole. PS: In this case 'Tax filing' software/means is worth dime for a dozen in this country. EDIT : To all people who are downvoting this, Truth is bitter. An MVC site which has a thousand clones or which doesn't bring any value is not bound to succeed. Seriously ask your self what value you bring to the world or why should people buy from you . cheapass website because they look for the cheapest deal... Why is this wrong. I don't see anything wrong in this. Don't deals work around the world. Haven't you heard of sites like groupon? The problem basically is the belief that there is runaway success in web/iphone/android app start ups and anything else will require a lot of work. This forces people to spoil their thinking that there is easy money in such places. Most people don't know they are getting into Schlep blindness( http://paulgraham.com/schlep.html ) I know a lot of guys who think they can become millionaires the moment their MVC site goes live. This is the problem. In general cases. Building anything awesome is difficult, not just in India but any where in the world. Building things which bring value is even more difficult. Building things which bring value both in physical existence and software requires lot of work and patience. Unless people understand this, things won't change. Flipkart & other ecomm portals are not offering any technology. They are using a fairly simple website to let people order everyday goods. This is almost like saying Amazon is useless. Flipkart is doing absolutely amazing job by delivering things at people's door step. And that's not easy. Code is not an answer to everything. This is precisely what I said before. Understand what value you bring to your customers Don't assume your customers should buy from you just because your webpages loads 0.001ms faster than Flipkart. Understand the total business proposition. Technology is one aspect of it, there are many aspects to business. Unless the customers feel some value in your product they are not going to buy no matter what hipster technology its built on. Your post only proves my point(That people build things without knowing what value they add). Do you know how much metering for an auto costs? Do you know how much Taxi Dispatch system for a taxi costs? And neither the meter or the TDS comes with the Auto/Taxi. They have to pay for it from their pockets. I know this as a my father is a Taxi Driver. Do you know how much booking for taxis happens through emails/SMS and other online systems. The number is enormous. Those who sell, sell. Those who whine, whine. Coming to your point about Glucometers, again, people buy them because they need them regularly. So they pay for value. Why shouldn't they? I know at least 3 homes around me, and I live deep in Bangalore, not in BTM and Jayanagar types where only rich people live. People in those 3 homes have Nebulizers. They are ordinary middle class people who earn less than me. Your problem is simple, You refuse to learn from failures . And you believe the problem is with people around not with you. If you have the same attitude you will never succeed in business. Business requires learning a lot from feedback. Piracy is a global problem, Not just in India. Your assumption that Piracy is an Indian monopoly is ridiculous to say at the least. You say viable business cannot be set up in India. From where do you think crores of Indians derive their livelihood from? Have you heard of Jamshedpur an entire city set up by Tata's? Again as I said, those who know how to do buisiness in India do it by building value . Those who can't just whine. Lastly code is not the answer to all the problems in world/India. And business success doesn't depend on code alone. It depends on understanding people's problems and solving them. People pay if there is value, not just because its built. You are getting into classic Nerd rage. Lets take the example of Flipkart. It might not be the epitome of tech innovation. But Flipkart is sheer awesomeness. Let me tell you why! They might have built their site with php, and they might use MySQL and they might use Java. None of that matters. It doesn't matter that they don't use Python, or NoSQL or Ruby on Rails. It doesn't matter if their webpages load 0.01 ms slower than others. Let me tell you what matters. What matters is, somebody with an email can go on their site and order stuff even without a credit card. And they are trustworthy to deliver the good at your doorstep. And they do this with several thousands of customers everyday. This is what matters! They solved a problem, they do it efficiently and they do that several thousand times a day. Code is not an answer to all solutions. In case of a business many things matters. Business is a proposition of a many things and tech is one of them. Merely writing efficient code is not going to make you successful. Although writing efficient code will help you to be successful. Auto drivers are no bigger assholes than us software engineers, to be really telling frankly. If a software engineer can hop jobs every year without adding even 6 months of value to a company and he submits false rent receipts to save taxes(Which is stealing or fleecing as your describe the national treasury by the way)or when he reads online forums in the day time instead of working(which is fleecing the company by the way) etc. We should not point fingers at other occupations and pass sweeping generalizations on other people. This is the classic Indian mentality. We expect the poor to remain poor. An Auto driver is not supposed to earn well. The son of a cab driver like me is not supposed to be an engineer and earning well. And if we work hard and succeed we are assumed to be crossing our bounds. And the traditional Indian crowd can't stand this. But my point stands true right. The digital meters sell because there is a demand, and there is a value to it. Business demands value. I would also say it depends on what your want to do. If your intention is hit and run success through easiest means. And then complaining that it isn't happening won't help. Good things and 'value for money' is not easy to build. Something like Flipkart is not easy to build(The whole thing with their supply chain, not just the site) and not easy to copy. And for genuine stuff its not going to be as easy as heads you loose, tails they win. A more important question to ask Is your success that easy to replicate? And if it is, what is so great about your work? Oh! True, By me asking to build business which add value I did a big mistake, but him by pointing the whole nation to be of people who are pirates has done a very great thing. By the way bashing India to get moments of glory has become fashionable for many Indians these days. They do it all the time, to get visas abroad or settle down abroad. If there is so much problem here, why don't you guys leave this place and go and settle down in your promised land. I will end this too. But I am not able to understand what problem young entrepreneurs actually have. I know for sure that as a nation we are honest people. We pay for stuff as we always have been. The problem is simple, India is a different nation and you need to build stuff that solves peoples problem and they will buy those solutions from you. For a moment I can't imagine why anybody would blame the whole nation just because one start up failed. Or a certain part of the nation pirated something, which by the way happens around the globe. Most of such people are basically wannabe westerners and for whatever reason they just want to run from here. May be they think its honey and milk outside. Or may be they just want to go and settle down abroad. All that is understandable and we Indians have no problems with that, but don't defame a whole nation to justify your actions. Writing books, blog posts and publicly ridiculing a whole nation just so that you can get your moments of glory outside. My advice to any person starting a start up in India would be simple and straight. Understand what problems people have and solve them, give them a good pricing and people will buy it. This is what big successes of India have been doing. This is what Tata's and Ambani's did, This is what NRN's and Premji's or the modern era did. They gave value to people at affordable prices. They built industries and sectors that has fueled India's growth for a decades now. None of them wanted hit and run success with a tiny 3 web page MVC website and then expected the entire nation to make them millionaires regardless of whether the product they sold was useful to them. They faced numerous failure but they did go on and blame the whole nation for that. They looked internally and solved their problems. Focus and build stuff that matters. Give a good pricing. The market here is huge. People will buy. If you have to find a job two years down the lane. Will you advertise yourself as a Lisp programmer or a Clojure programmer? I am asking this as, Do Lisp programmers in one dialect generally get hired to program in another dialect? >> Maybe wealth is actually inversely correlated with happiness? No, Its probably Ignorance is bliss. Just take them around a trip across Europe and you will see that their happiness will vanish. Peer comparisons are a major reason why many people loose their happiness. But America/NATO did Intervene in Iraq and Libya and conditions there are miserable now. Iraq is in far worst condition after US invasion and occupation than it was before. In fact I believe things were far better under Saddam then they are now. Well England wasn't a very rich country before 'Sun never sets on the British empire' era. And they aren't a very rich country now, after they lost all their colonies. I don't wish to be harsh here, but how much of west's wealth is their own hard earned through their sweat is a question to ask. >> very early Universe there was a period called inflation in which space-time expanded at speeds much faster than light. References for this? What are the odds of intelligent life NOT existing in such a space? Exactly! in the future, One can build robots or artificially intelligent machines that can travel and make some decisions on themselves. Such machines will not need most biological conditions needed for organic life to survive. So can live in many hostile conditions. They can also clone themselves mining the resources and energy available at anywhere they land. Such machines can colonize the space. How do you manage your time and track your productivity. If its not too personal can you give us a framework of your daily time table. So in short according to you the language is useless if doesn't have type safety? That still doesn't make a case to learn OCaml. What it means is, People who learn OCaml generally have to learn something else too. Because the jobs just aren't there. Which in case the person is better off learning that something else properly. And that is a very big problem. Python has a very low barrier to entry and that is bad. Very bad, trust me. That sort of a market generally gets swarmed by low price developers very quickly. I have always felt Python is the new Java. Same qualities of verbosity, low barrier to entries. And weird level of verbosity for a scripting language. Nothing would happen. I don't know from where this started. But I am expected to make for somebody Else's lapses all the times. This is called in classic management language 'Team work'. And the managers don't pay you for doing 'Team work' , at best you are assumed to just doing your duty. So you are not supposed to get paid extra. I know a lot of managers who consider people who ask rewards for extra/free/innovation/ work as a evil people. Well I interviewed at a well known Global firm. Although am an Indian and live in Bangalore, let me tell you what I faced. The first day the HR lady gave me the address, actually there are two buildings separated by 15 minutes of walk, across the roads. She asked me to be there by 9:45 AM and so I did. The road was so dusty due to some construction work going, I don't if I had eaten some grams of dust while I was driving my bike. Nevertheless battling traffic for two hours I managed to reach their office. The moment I reached there I had no contact but her's and the security refused to let me in. She called me, after I trying to call her for 30 mins waiting in the sun and dust and now she tells me know that the office is a goddamn 15 mins walk across the road. I didn't want to fight the traffic again so I walked. But two hours of bike ride, the dust and the 15 mins of walk in summer had sapped the energy out of me. I reached there and then a guy escorted me in. He was an engineer and he was good enough to ask me if I needed water and needed to use the restroom. I took the water. Then the first interview lasted for two hours straight, where he bought me in a laptop and asked me to code. And I wrote all the programs. Then for the next hour, there was no communication I didn't know if I had to stay or leave. I tried calling the HR lady and she didn't pick up the call. Then another engineer came in, so the interview went on for the whole day. And they were all fine people and the interviews went great. Looks like this was some special department with a different culture. All engineers were pretty good and they even took me to the cafeteria and even paid for my lunch and snacks. After that there was dead air, no communication from them ever again. I tried emailing, calling her but no avail. Suddenly after two weeks she wrote me an email. Asking me to 'be there' at the office. Again no proper address. This time I went to the office where I was interviewed previously, only to be told that this time(again after trying to reach her for 30 minutes) it was other office. Again I walked to the other office for 15 minutes in the scorching sun taking in all the dust. This time its probably the worst kind of people I ever faced. It rounds and rounds of interviews with people who had completely decided to humiliate me and send me out no matter what. This time no idea where I had to take lunch, no idea about restrooms, no water. The whole day was miserable. I had to run to the nearest hotel to relieve myself and eat something at the end of the day. Again after this no communication and she refused to pick up the call for three days. Then again they asked me to come in for a third day. This time I was clever enough to take a bus, carry my own water and lunch. And careful enough to avoid myself to having need a restroom. This time it was more pathetic, none of the interviewers looked serious. One guy was continuously chatting with some one, another guy was answering emails on his Blackberry, another guy continuously reading something on his mobile and laughing. None of them were serious to listen to answers to their own questions they asked. They asked me to come in for the fourth time 'I just plainly turned it down'. And didn't want to work with such people But my other experiences have been good. I think some times its just purely Murphy's law and some people with horrible work culture. The actual problem is the rapid promotions and fast multiples of 10% hike which people undeservingly got in the 90's and early 2000's. That has led to a generation of people and managers who think., they deserve a promotion and a 100% hike every alternate year even if they didn't move a finger to deserve it. During those times Tech was considered a bad career option and being anything apart from a manager meant you are fit for nothing. Coupled with the mad rush for real estate here has led to spoiling a whole generation of people in convincing, regardless of whatever, no matter how inefficient, under performing they are. Or even if they never work. Merely joining the Software Industry will make them millionaires in no time. During discussions with people I find people constantly cribbing, whining and complaining. How badly their expectations(misplaced expectations) have gone down the drain, How they haven't gotten lucky, and no special shine of destiny has made them millionaires. And most of them(who come from other branches of engineering like mechanical, Civil) would have actually been better off in their original disciplines. The constant comparisons are between themselves and other people who got lucky by traveling abroad and saved money through foreign exchange factors. The society has a unbelievable perspective. They think if you are not a manager in 5 years of joining software industry you are useless. Programming and tech jobs are considered low profile jobs meant for ordinary people who don't want to do much in life. And managerial jobs are considered for the 'masters of the universe'. The big IT bellwethers are full of useless layers and layers of management out which nearly 80% is useless. In fact college kids when they first come in to the industry and find that 'Manager within 5 years' no longer a feasible option get pretty disgusted and loose hope. Most of them run away to do their MBA. In hope of becoming a manager quickly. Its like the human evolution path baby, teenager, adult, programmer, manager. Managers are considered ultimate stage in your career evolution. So it follows that most people don't want to do tech jobs, because they want to be managers. Another disease here is rapid ultra fast job hopping candidates. Thankfully things are now changing. Will this be released as open source? Can wait to see it and may be hack on it. Not when you consider Java as a 'business' for Oracle. And business planning is always done like this. If Java no longer remains useful to Oracle expect the same thing what happened to things like flash. It will be donated to Apache software foundation. I don't think so, Although I agree with you that COBOL is still alive and kicking. That is totally different that being used for awesome projects and by start ups. If Oracle's plan is to keep Java alive as a glue for their DB that strategy would work fine. But it would be a long term disaster in terms of overall innovation, and long term viability for choosing everyday projects. The problem really isn't with a particular component in Java. The problem with Java is, Java came as a quick relief to people who had problems with managing memory themselves. Java solved what seemed to be the most pressing problem at that time. Times have changed, today I have completely forgotten some thing called as 'memory management by programmer', today its a given that a modern language today should do that by default. The problem with Java today is how big and bloated it has become while it doesn't solve fundamental problems programmers face. Its growingly becoming impossible to program in Java without an IDE. Only Java ninjas can probably program Java with a Text editor. Its XML mess all over the place. Now it takes several tens of lines of code to do trivial file operations and other trivial tasks. This problem was long solved with languages like Perl and Python around 20 years back. Its almost two decades and Java still hasn't caught up. There are still no practical lambdas and good functional programming capabilities. The issue is something like this. By asking everything to become an API of some sort and writing so many method calls both my unit tests and exception handling code bloats like crazy. My eyes cringe every time I open a Java class file and nearly 60% of the code in there is either try/catch statements or some form get/set methods. The code to boilerplate ratio is too high. And it just doesn't feel like a language that belongs to the 2010's. Java and its community also promotes heavy use of XML's often used as bad replacements for RDBMS, this leads to building of small buggy and wrongly built DSL equivalents of small parts of SQL all the time. The path from now is not the make the language bloat like crazy and then provide IDE's to handle that. It is to make the language syntax intelligent enough to take care of many problems you have to other wise worry about. If you see the whole concept of Lisp and other extensible languages like Perl are all about. To provide forms of extensibility that solve the code scalability problem. And lastly and unfortunately the Java market is full of substandard programmers whose life begins and ends inside eclipse. A manager or a pointy haired boss might prefer Java for hiring cheap programmers and the 'Oracle factor'. But Java is dead for Start up's and other sexy glorious projects. I think ultra long term planning is what you call 'premature optimization' You are not getting it, Perl 6 is not designed as a successor to Perl 5 but as a Age proof Perl. Think of it like pg called a hundred year lisp language. Perl 6 might be the age proof Perl language. When you have such and ambitious goal the time taken is worth to fulfill it. Larry wall figured out quite a while back evolving Perl 5 may fix some warts but it won't solve the larger problem. The larger problem today is doing language extensibility sane-fully. There are no C based languages that are as much extensible as a Lisp based languages. Perl 6's larger aim is to solve that. While retaining the 'Perl factor'. Re write is inevitable if you have to solve this problem, no matter what joel says you have to rewrite a few things to fix them. The incremental path is too slow and you will loose out on time while somebody eats your lunch. Perl 5, Python x.0 and Ruby x.0 series are all great languages but eventually on the very long run they will be plagued with the same technical problem every language runs in to. Providing sane ways of extensibility without bloating too much. IMO Perl 6 will do well, for the same reasons Lisp has done well. There are only three factors Java is getting used today. 1. 'Hiring the cheap programmer' factor. 2. 'The Oracle' factor. 3. 'The pointy haired boss' factor. And those are not awesome reasons to stay alive. According to me the disaster has already occurred. The only section of programmers using Java day in and out for their projects are low price substandard developers who can't write a line of code without the IDE doing autocomplete at every key stroke. Coming to Android and other Google initiative they tend to happen only because the tooling, documentation support and a large pool of programmers that exist. Java today is not used because its awesome, its used because for a certain section of industry needs massive supply of low price programmers. And with Java the people, the tooling support and rest is already there. Hence no doubt Java is the next COBOL. Oracle's primary concern isn't to rewrite Java or to spend resources to make Java awesome enough to compete with the latest stuff that is coming. Their fundamental concern is to milk Java as much and as long as they can to drive their sales for Oracle DB and associated business products. And that makes perfect sense too, they are in business to make money anything else and they won't be doing their job properly. Don't you see what has become of Sun Microsystems? They were making awesome stuff by the day for somebody else's profits. Oracle is not going to make the same mistake again. Java is oracle's strategic investment in using that as a leverage to drive sales else where. And looking at their segment, its mean't mostly for large corporate programmers and not hacker, start ups and alike. I bet IBM makes sufficient contribution to COBOL still just to keep their mainframe sales alive and not because they want COBOL to be awesome enough to rule the world. Similarly Oracle's contributions and investments to Java are going to be for driving their sales not for sake of making Java awesome. It has a answer to ootachi's comment. >>What choice did they have? The only choice Oracle has is to invest in Java in areas that is going to help them sell their products. That is the only choice Oracle has. Well, more than anybody else you know it well why most of the failures happened. But for others. I can understand the obvious disappointment. But Perl 6 is designed such that without many of those failures we couldn't have figured it out earlier what it would take to build Perl 6. Perl 6 has a mutable grammar, which means it should be written in itself. And this created a huge problem, because you don't have ready tools in hand to build such a thing. Many of them had to be built from scratch. And people failed many times exploring strategies doing that. Some people got ill, some people lost jobs, and projects like this which span a lot of time and require volunteer effort without much funding takes toll on people. In many ways there was a lead, Lisp is so extensible because its written in itself. We really should have understood this from history. But achieving that in a non homoiconic language was difficult and required thinking in direction totally new to C based languages. But great things have come out of it. Audrey's Pugs taught us so many things. And as she says, the 'Perl 6 on CPAN' thing started long back. Moose has become a very awesome tool for OO programming. Other things borrowed from Perl 6, things like given/when have shown a way to Perl 5 for evolution. Devel::Declare showed a new way to do syntax experiments outside core without using source filters. And many great things have come out of it. Its difficult to imagine how Perl 5 will likely evolve over time. A few years back none of us could have seen Devel::Declare or even Moose coming. I can only imagine how Perl 5 is going to evolve over time. Lastly I would say Rome was not built in a day. Perl 6 will take time, but it will come out in some years to come. Forgive my brevity, mate! Its been a long day, I've been working non stop since 6 am this morning(I stay in India, Bangalore) and its 9 in the night now. I've been working on some Java code. The AbstractSomethingFactoryFactoryFactoryClasses.java have taken a toll on me. I'm yet to rewind from the depth's of piles and piles of try/catch statements and Object.someMethod() methods buried deep in abyss of com.something.somethingElse.somethingInWonderland.whereTheHellAreWe folders. But I will take your advice seriously though. EDIT : After reading your bio and looking at your work on your site. I am your new fan :) I don't if its 'chose' or 'forced to choose' by pointy haired managers, mate! By the way when given the choice its clear what the founders choose. Larry Page and Sergey Brin chose C++ and Python and Mark Zuckerberg chose Php. Twitter started out on Rails. So its clear the Java mess seeps in only when the hackers are cleared from the scene and the layers of management begin to take control. I don't know why anybody would create a headache and then try to cure it. Intelligent people avoid headaches. Prevention is better than cure. And IDE is a cure, Avoid what forces you to resort to a cure. Prevent the disease itself. JVM based languages are totally different. I remember Bjarne Stroustrup telling Java isn't platform independent, Java is the platform. Meaning compiled C++ runs on processors directly, but compiled Java runs on JVM. So JVM becomes analogous to a processor. So comparing JVM based languages is like comparing languages directly compiled to a processor like a ARM processor. Future of JVM is different than future of Java. Just like future of C++ is different than future of pentium. To me what you described looks like classic description of any big company not any one company in general. The founders ideals are torn to shreds the moment the management layers begin to take control. Management by leadership either works only on paper or there are very few people who follow it. Most managers rank only by following methods. The most competent guy is always seen as a threat. Promotions and rewards are given to guys who can polish their boots and offer a degree of allegiance to them. And a guy who is capable of growing and doing something on himself gets kicked in the teeth. Nepotism, partiality and biased behavior are extremely common in management layers. This is not restricted to one company alone. According to me if a person is lazy and unproductive, even luck gives up on him. You need to work hard anyway. And you need need luck on top of it. Things work in that order. But a lot of people first expect to get lucky and then work hard. IMO that never happens, because the person tries to reverse cause-effect scenarios. The person expects reward before work, whereas rewards always come after work, never before it. When a CEO thinks about his own interests and the interest of his product : He is upholding the ideals of company, competition and capitalism. When a Employee things about his own interests and the interest of his product : He is selfish, evil and a non team player. Good hardworking people != somebody who MUST work for free sacrificing their time and energy to make somebody else a millionaire. Your rant just scared the hell out of me. So what do you suggest we do mitigate the risks you mentioned? Because they don't work. Even if you are out to build your home, the estimates given out to you are only going to good enough to win the contract from you. Nothing more. If you have ever built a home, you would have realized that the project generally went way out of budget and time. You can go back and look at what you had planned and estimated. You will also see that your execution was pretty close to the plan. But a lot of other things went wrong. It rained and all the sand got washed away. The cement company suddenly increased their prices. Something new came in, and suddenly you though a new bath fit was better than the old one. Things slip out of your hand one thing at a time. Workers get sick, attrition happens and all other sort things go wrong. And this is with things like construction, where not much thinking effort is required. Programming is more harder, The iterations of analyse, build, test, feedback, analyse... Take time, mistakes happen, you need to read, research etc. Unless you are a robot and work without any intelligent inputs and outside dependencies. No estimate ever has made sense. Large corporations : Earn monthly salary, invest in gold, endowment insurances, a little real estate, pension plans, a little in kids, a little for continuous returns during rainy days in old age. Start up lottery : Win big, or win very little/nothing. And end up either too well placed for retirement or none at all. Most managers would know Phase IV if at all they had done some real work. As it happens people generally go over to Project Management if they can't do technical work. This creates a problem, you are asking somebody to manage things which he himself didn't want to do. I can/have built in some amazing stuff over weekends. But generally the requirements for that are, and in no specific order. 1. I must be in a flow. 2. I am using a technology very familar, so I know the tools and many things. 3. I am doing something new. Not maintaining some ones code or interacting with an external team. 4. No disturbances and other office distractions like office emails. Building new things are different than maintaining. Many a times I'm waiting for some other team's inputs to proceed. Or I'm required to fix a list of X number of bugs which can't be fixed until I understand the underlying code base well. Create this webpage in 15 mins kind of arguments don't work because you are adding something into a working system and you can't generally do so until you understand everything about the system. Doing something new is different. You definitely can get to the first prototype if you know what you are doing, what you are using to do it and no distractions. Well in such a case those people should not opt to manage technical people. Look Mate, By no means Am I downplaying anybody's accomplishments nor am I trying to say that anything can be built quickly. Rome was not built in a day. Neither was Git as we know now. But given a narrow set of requirements you can get a prototype out pretty quickly. Especially today when so many reusable things are available. Linus coded up a distributed vcs(Not with all the feature we know now today) sufficient enough to host itself on a weekend. Its also depends on the Individual. Some people can sit for long hours at a stretch and focus on problems till something worthwhile comes out. Others can only do little per day. In this case it looks like a rewrite and rewrites are by no means doing something new . By now he would have had a perfect idea of what he needs to do in the entirety so he would be writing per that design one thing at a time. That is totally different that writing a self hosted vcs from scratch on weekend and then iterating and adding features over years. They're the "responsibility buffer" - the guys you get to blame and fire rather than the actual executive who initiated the project and failed to provide real support and leadership. Sorry I disagree with this. I haven't seen Senior Execs getting fired. In fact its almost always the other way round. The Execs take credit for nearly all success even if they don't move a finger to make it happen. It happens so often Excellence awards and cash rewards go to executives 'for showing leadership and successfully leading team to success'. If things go wrong its always 'Programmers didn't do their job properly so what can one exec do?' Sorry can't use Python instead of Perl. Basically because Python is not Perl. Now if you want to just change a language for the sake of changing it, its Ok. But Python and Perl have opposite philosophies. And the actual problem while changing from Python to Perl occurs there. To me Python looked like Java with a haircut and french beard. That fact simply keeps hovering over me, even in this tutorial all those variable = something.somethingElse.someMethod() thing gives a strong Java vibe .When I used it for the first time, It looked like a language for people who were frustrated with Java but at the same couldn't learn Perl either. It looked like a language designed for such people. Parsing a program visually hurts my eyes. Especially for large code blocks. Inability to provide easy ways of writing throwaway command line hacks is just not acceptable at all on Unix machine. That's precisely where Perl won over sysadmins during its early days. Having to bury each statement you suspect under piles of try/catch statements doesn't feel like a scripting language. No multi line lambdas is a major turn off. Regular expression support looks totally alien and its no way closer to Perl's way $line =~ / / and not just that, Matching is just one part. Extraction, substitution et all all part of regular expression operations. Now regexes combined with map/grep functions make parsing a whole lot easier in Perl. Scoping sucks big time in Python. There is nothing remotely comparable to CPAN. I don't know which versions to Program in, 2.x or 3.x? There is nothing like Moose and other associated modern perl packages in Python. Lastly I never needed another C based language for scripting. What I needed was a more extensible language(like Perl6). Python doesn't serve my scripting needs on Unix. But I agree it has good web frameworks and it may be helpful there. For large code blocks and if the levels of indentation go a little deep. White space makes readability very difficult. Also besides semicolons don't cause any problem at the first place, so why eliminate them? Why should I even waste my time worrying about supplying spaces or tabs every time I go to a new line while programming. That was supposed to be the compilers job. I am here to do mine. No wonder so many people hate whitespace based parsing. When will this ready for the real world? I mean an actual production release? Perl 5 has nothing to do with Perl 6 development or even releases. Even after Perl 6 is released Perl 5 will still continue to evolve and grow. At the moment Perl 6 specification gives a good evolution map for Perl 5 development. So you need not to have to ever worry about Perl 6. Perl 5 is a solid language in itself. Perl has been amazingly useful since almost 25 years now. And anybody who denies this is simply trolling. Its useful for almost anything to everything. From scripting, to application development, to prototyping to building reliable applications in any domain. Perl adapts to nearly every programming paradigm out there. Object oriented, functional, declarative you say it Perl has it. Its amazingly flexible, easy to learn and extensible. You also get to benefit from the community experience and knowledge accumulated over years. You get the power of CPAN. There are also amazing resources to learn Perl. Its a tool that you will never stop being in love with. Those of us who have used Perl and pushed its boundaries to get amazing stuff done over years, even now can't write down words to describe its greatness. We can only tell you how great it is, but when you see it yourself you will know it. But the position of any new Perl programmer is enviable to say at the least. He stands at the gates of a city which is going to take him to places he has never seen and experiences he has never been through. Most of them are going to change his life for ever. Perl 6 has very ambitious goals. One aspect of Perl 6 is it pays extreme emphasis on sane, safe extensibility. Perl 6 grammars are killer features. For all those people who wanted lisp like extensibility inside C kind of a language, Perl 6 will be a perfect match. Given those goals, Perl as a language has a long bright future. Because flexible and extensible languages evolve their way out of time. Compared to all languages in its class, Perl hasn't broken backwards compatibility since past 25 years. Python had to break it for some very simple syntax changes. Perl has never done it, not even once in past 25 years. That is quite a feat considering so much syntax has been added to the language since then. Perl 5 has also found a way to add more syntax without dealing with the core by modules like Devel::Declare. So Perl evolution is set for many years. You will see it evolve grow. New neat ideas and many like Moose will find their way into Perl. Basically what makes it special is its hackable, flexible and extensible. And such languages generally stay around for a long time. Moose has borrowed some features from CLOS - http://moose.iinteractive.com/ You might find it interesting to use it. One way to measure the utility of a language is to see how its users perceive it. Both in the times of technology hype and otherwise. If I look at the Java world, I see most programmers come there because they need a job. I would program in Perl even if I would not be paid for it, just for the fun of it. Its like painting, or playing the piano, or drinking fine wine. I would like to do them, even there is no direct benefit from them. Some languages get a special distinction that its users just love to program in it. Languages and tools like Lisp, C, Perl, Vi, Emacs etc they just never go away. Because someone somewhere is always discovering some goodness in them and is using it. And that process is timeless. These languages have managed to last for decades sometimes their adoption drops, sometimes it peaks, sometimes there is a constant line of usage. But they don't go away. If you read the mailing lists during early days of Perl on comp.lang.perl.* and other writings by people like Tom Christiansen. You will see some unique tone of passion and excitement. The golf competitions, the discussions on one liners, the growth of CPAN, the occasional gems posted on Perl Monks. Great books like Programming Perl, Higher Order Perl and Modern Perl Book and Perl's extreme practical approach and emphasis of 'Getting things done'. I guess for people on Unix platforms who had no other respite but to use C and a mash of other Unix text processing utilities. Or for Java programmers who have to write 10 classes to open a file and do trivial operations. Perl is almost like giving Ice water to somebody in hell. Hmmm, Python has some great frameworks and is a great language. But unfortunately, its almost like going backwards. Perl was invented because C + Unix text processing utilities together were not proving to be good for many tasks like Text processing, fast prototyping etc. Now using another C based language which doesn't do that, takes us back to the old problem again. IMO, Python doesn't solve those problems. Regex support is really bad in Python and file operations are not trivial. There is too much of Java feel to it and it just doesn't have the feel of bash/perl/awk's scripting powers. Scoping is just not right. There doesn't seem to be a sane ways of evolution without breaking backwards compatibility. No equivalent of CPAN. And in many ways white space based parsing is not good for large and nested code blocks. It still doesn't have multiline lambda's. And its too much do-it-one-true-way kind of language, that sort of is a blocker for quick hacking. Because I like to write what I think, and not the other way around. The language is too verbose, and unlike Perl and Emacs there are no exponential productivity gains over time. But I agree though, that Python does have some other good things. The OO syntax is neat, there are some great frameworks like Twisted and Django. And there is low barrier to entry which makes new bie feel just at home. The tutorials are just too good. And good standard libraries ship with it. 'Programming languages teach you not to want what they don't provide.' -- Paul Graham I gave you the solid things, but you give 'You aint gonna need it' kind of answer to everything Python doesn't have. Coming to asking people forcefully shorten their code blocks. It's none of language's business to dictate its style on me and steal my freedom. A language is supposed to behave the way I want. That's its very purpose. No multiline lambdas, No CPAN equivalent, Seamless interaction with shell like $output = `command` is absent. No first class regular expressions. Lack of ability to provide the command line power Perl gives. No switch statement, No equivalent of Perl's smart match operators, Nothing like Moose, Nothing like Devel::Declare, Parsing power nowhere even near to Python. And I can go on and on.. I guess these are solid enough things(at least for me) I am going to neglect the responses 'Bullshit' basically because that means you don't have an answer at the moment. >> There isn't a single language in the world where the productivity gains are exponential over a long time - there might be some when you are a beginner which gets capped pretty fast. Sorry to ruin your party. But there are languages where there are exponential gains in productivity with time. Languages like Lisp, Perk, Haskell etc. But I can't convince that to people who can't look beyond 'readability matters' and consider that as the Pinnacle of programming language design. Coming to regular expressions they are first class citizens in Perl. That is basically what takes them to the next level. Now scripting on Unix has always been so much about Text processing. That is how it has always been. tr, sed, awk and dozen other text processing utilities. And then there is Perl. If you are not getting 'Text processing' thing correct, then you already loose the scripting race with a very huge margin. Perl added a lot of new semantics to the language too given/when statements, smart matching operators etc. Python broke it for as simple a thing as a print statement. That is the whole point(The language is too brittle to evolve). And I'm sure any new thing in Python is going to go the same way. And stdlib is no where near CPAN. Although I agree PyPi is doing a good job. You are right that I must use Perl,And you are also right that Python is an awesome language. There are great frameworks Twisted, Django, NumPy. I've used Twisted extensively. In many Python ways is a great language for web development, for studying algorithms(because its better psuedocode), and due to its frameworks like Twisted - its good for network programming. But I am sorry to say Python doesn't do well in scripting areas. And it so happens once you start there and go a little deeper you can just go on and on with Perl. Sorry! I shouldn't have hurt your religion at the first place. tl;dr of your post. 'I don't like Perl, so don't speak good about it. And if you do I will troll you.' Nothing that you can do will make Perl less enjoyable, less powerful or less useful or any thing. All I could infer from your post was you hate Perl, and you just can't stand somebody talking good about it. Well I should have learned long back to not argue with impolite people. This is one lesson I'm not going to forget. I was talking of programming style. I think its because he always has higher priorities than browsing the net. Or may be he needs some information to take a decision or for something he needs to do later. So he just puts it on a email queue. Later he can access that information from his mail box and take a look at that information. Most important people, have better things to do than browsing site all day. Infact some people even ask me to mail them some stuff I tell them is interesting and then they go back to that at their convenience. The attitude in this difficult to understand. RMS is different, and it takes guys like him to do something different. Its like Steve Jobs. His attitude is different. Its difficult to understand that unless you are somebody like RMS himself. Sometimes this level of eccentricity and madness is needed if you are out on a lofty mission. You can question why Gandhi had to wear clothes and live the lifestyle of peasant. Or why Linus Torvalds has a bloated ego, Or why Steve Jobs behaved the way he did. These are all eccentric personalities in their own and they won't part with what they are. You will never see their energy wear off, or they running out of passion doing something. In their own eccentric style, they are what they are because they are unique . That is what sets them apart from most of us. There is very little difference between genius and insanity. At the very same time very small technical books aren't good either. I mean to say small books with only facts in them, really don't help at all. They may serve well as a reference once you know everything about the subject not in general. A good technical book is something that gives out some facts and then make you think about it. Shows you the possibilities of what can be done with the facts presented, how you can use them, and show you the far implications of the facts. Its quite a rarity to read books like OnLisp, K&R C, Higher order Perl, The joy of clojure etc. Necessity is the mother of all innovations. Nobody feels the need for a cure for cancer until they actually get cancer, and until then its always US and THEM. People take photos and share them all the time. So Facebook sells. So Instagram sells for a $1 billion. Unfortunately we don't act until we are forced to. I agree, but lets say your car breaks down somewhere in the middle of the road. Now you have two options. One is to learn the entirety of automobile engineering before touching your car, second is to learn enough fix the problem for the moment. Needless to say any normal person will prefer the second approach. Now some mechanical engineer may make an argument that this small quick fixes are harmful for long term mechanical engineering practices. But for the guy who does this quick fixes, none of this matters or is even relevant. You can get really excellent, easy $10/mo Python hosting but if you ask for 'free,' beggars can't be choosers, so you will get whatever they feel like giving you. This is not a function of the underlying technology. Well this is why I guess php wins. Because the other communities have complete disregard for what the common newbie considers valuable. The question is whether something matches php's economic model. If the answer is no, its no. You can get the hosting for $x/mo is not an answer nor a solution for most people. Exactly that is why both Heroine and McDonald's sell. It might sound scary. But in reality 'merit' is not the only motivating factor for adoption of anything . >> However, for building applications that might get deployed somewhere, or talk to a database in a secure fashion, it's a nightmare. Facebook, Wikipedia are begging to disagree. There is a after shock of magnitude estimated 8.2 on Richter scale so far. Fresh Tsunami alerts issued. Highly irresponsible of Governments to lift Tsunami warnings so early. Also delayed, conflicting tweets are causing a lot of panic. If you are tweeting please tweet carefully. Some body's life may depend on it. Update 1: Another earthquake in arabian sea, now. 155 kms off Mumbai, India. Source : http://www.indianexpress.com/news/earthquake-in-arabian-sea-... This is on the other side of the India ocean. Interesting geological activity. What are the chances of two earth quakes occurring at close by places like this? Trusting artificial intelligence to make up for human stupidity doesn't look like a very good idea to me. ASI is supposed to work in exceptional scenarios where you would have ended up making a mistake but wouldn't want to be reminded of. And that is supposed to be in rare scenarios. Now if you make exception the norm and expect tools to make up for bad practices then its not going to help. And this is why I think Python's forced indentation is in some way bad. Because it makes the code from a bad and good programmer both look same. And merely forcing code indentation won't magically transmogrify a bad programmer to a good programmer. There are many things to good programming and indentation is just one of them. Worse it will make both's code look the same. Forgiving or masking or making bad practices look good doesn't help on the longer run. It only encourages such behavior. I am sure bad programmers can slip in easily into these communities than else where, because they are difficult to flush out and their mistakes are often forgiven or made look good. Openness and freedom are really subjective terms to people. The common person doesn't give two hoots about all this. Just like how we don't give a damn about openness in the design of car or a truck engine or the chemical composition of engine oil. I don't get this cry at all. Your data was never personal. The day you used your cell phone your location could be tracked and was tracked I suppose(Even if for merely billing reasons). The day you shopped you were giving away information on your buying habits, spending trends and contributing data to larger data sets used by corporates. All that happened by merely using a credit card. Nearly everything related to a person is track-able. But do you know what is bigger threat today? Its massively big monopolies controlling everything about a particular business like online advertising, payments and access to information(search). According to me that is a bigger threat. Coming to openness of computers in terms of hack ability. For a common man a computer is no different compared to a washing machine. And people don't tear down their washing machines to hack on it. Just like how we don't hack our cars and mixer grinders. And there is basically nothing wrong with that. That is exactly what makes them vulnerable to losing out to competition. Have a look at this app : http://itunes.apple.com/in/app/shazam/id284993459?mt=8 What does it do? Given a music sound input it will give you the exact and song and all metadata related to it. This kind of apps are the biggest threat to Google. Because they do vertical search far too well. And too many apps like this cut off oxygen bit by bit on the longer run making you vulnerable. Facebook realized this, hence they acquired Instagram. The thing about Apple and Facebook is they allow such kind of apps to not just thrive but also remain profitable through their platform. I am sure a lot of iPhone apps have eaten into the potential of Google products. Apple's platforms are becoming start up incubators. The same with Facebook. This is the biggest threat. Because they are setting the momentum in a very different direction. Now imagine, if something like Apple consumer TV brings this platform to every living room. I bet that is going to really hurt Google a lot. I don't think Microsoft's primary worry is Internet business at the moment. Their primary worry is mobile computing, and Android and iOS seem to ruling at the moment, the future is really bleak for Microsoft. And they want some internet services like search, news and email ready when they actually make it big in mobile areas(If at all they every make it big). So at max MS would be looking at internet services as a catalyst to be ready to get into the reaction at the right time. Aha! Ever heard of a thing called Siri? Siri is shifting importance from 'search' to 'finding information' + many other things. Google knows this damn well, 'search' and 'finding information' are really two different things. As things move on from text based search. Voice based, image based search are really going to be very important in the future. No doubt apple is being perceived as a threat. I don't know as I don't own an iPhone. But the concept itself is frightening to Google. It can enable searching when you are driving, taking a shower or whenever you can't use your hands to search. And a great deal of people come into that category. And it can be a big thing in the future. And going by Apple's reputation they can leverage it to some amazing things. Imagine a consumer Apple TV. TV's can't have keyboards but they can have a mike. Imagine finding information through speech. That can really be a killer feature, searching and finding information by just talking through a TV connected to the Internet. Now this is just tip of the iceberg. Siri can be disruptive in almost device/scenario where a keyboard is not a practical source of input. Going by how small things are getting, Siri is the thing of the future. I think vast majority of the people in this thread believe the "open web" thingy is just a marketing ploy. Google is no more Open than Facebook or Apple. For a long while I used to think that if I work hard I will win. And I was right. But not for long. Because working hard is just one thing. You must know what to work on. True hard work is to utilize time in hand to continually move to the next level of challenges after you are done with the current one. Once you do this you will realize that you are doing jobs that demand better productivity and quality time and not necessarily quantity of time. It becomes a totally different story if the quality and quantity goals both merge. In such a case you are really in a different situation and I would say you are on the right path. And that is the path which leads to better life and pay. That is totally different that the current BigCorp set ups. Tending to endless bug tickets, and minor feature enhancements will give you nothing on the longer run. This is where you gradually realize you are robbed of your soul and purpose in life in return for crazy hours and peanuts in pay. When people talk of crazy hours doing no benefit this is what they are talking about. Not the prior one that I mentioned. In fact I would consider my self fortunate If I find my self in one such situation. You take advantage of the fact that it's all but impossible for humans to sustain their productivity while working those kinds of hours for any length of time. In current market economics those jobs will be moved to people who are ready to work for lesser pay. Like to china, what that means is now you get more people for same money. Therefore more hours. I think this all happens in Comparison. For example try comparing something like 'sharing photos' with 'going to space'. Sharing photos might be difficult, and it is difficult to do that at scale. But space travel is a totally different beast. Its almost like we are in the era of Christopher Columbus or Amerigo Vespucci now. I mean its just totally a different thing. Its a whole new world to explore. And that itself if far more exciting than 'sharing photos'. Objectively everybody does a great job. But subjectively somebody is working for a greater purpose than the other. I agree. Bill Gates is doing great work. But space exploration and colonization is as important as finding cure for diseases considering our tendency for self destruction. Currently all humans staying on earth currently is the equivalent of putting all eggs in one basket. Just as it is important to find cure for diseases, solve the problems of hunger and improve people's lives, space colonization is important too! Not a very accurate comparison. The question is not, what would you do to make a living. The question is what would you do in your time if you had enough money not to go out and make a living. Many of us do what we do, because we need a monthly pay check to feed us, pay our bills and send our kids to school. If you had 20 billion dollars, what would be your bigger priorities. Building and maintaining a Php site(which is important too, because that is what got the 20 billion dollars) or Space Travel? Yes, This is exactly what everybody fails to notice. Everybody please note that Oracle is in the business to make money. And there is nothing wrong with that. They can't just sit on the sidelines and develop java watching other use it to make money while they themselves don't. From Oracle and their shareholders perspective money that they can't make from licensing fees is lost money. No company can justify spending ridiculous money on projects that are going to give them nothing in return. Well this is almost similar to IBM saying COBOL being strategically important to their Mainframe sales. Although Java does drive Oracles sales indirectly, Oracle using Java as a bait for their business reasons will do good for Oracle but bad for Java on the longer run. At the maximum what this would mean is Oracle will evolve Java in a way most suitable to their business needs. For an outsider COBOL might be dead, but in BigCorp's I've seen IBM having regular COBOL conferences and people do attend them. But ask any COBOL only programmer and he will tell you how limited audience his resume gets because no 'state of the art' work as known to the rest of the world happens in COBOL. OTOH Java is already the language of the corporates and the darling of layers bureaucratic management layers. That's definitely not the kind of language I want to be associated with. I don't want to be in the next set of COBOL programmers. According to me tools have practically zero chances of survival without communities rallying behind them. This looks like such a cool idea. I think their primary concern must be to release a basic thing out first and then iterate over it. This way they will get both contributions and the product going. Decide what your design goals are, define what code and quality goes in and out of your repo. Build something basic, release it and then iterate. Contributions and donations will follow. But if you are expecting mass adoption for a tool designed primarily for Clojure then, Clojure itself is in low adoption stage now. On top of that people who use clojure wanting to use will be fewer(Emacs + Slime really works well). So the initial payment model with only Clojure support may not bring them much money. This definitely has to be a platform like Emacs. And then the money can come from upgrades, major revisions. Also it would have been nice if language used to extend this was Clojure itself. We desperately need some modern GUI candy on an Emacs like editor which can be extensible by Lisp. What I don't like about this thinking is to consider anything apart from 'going to the moon' as a job not worth doing. Everybody has a world of his own. A friend of mine comes from a family of farmers. Back here in Bangalore, we would drive down to his place during our engineering college years. And we would spent great deal of time in fields and a small hill close to his place. Now you really must hang out with those farmers. Try working in the field for a couple of hours and experience a cool breeze blowing through your hair, drying you sweat. Try eating a banana or a guava straight plucked from the tree, try roasting a chicken on a chicken farm. Try climbing a small hill and then rest on it while sleeping and staring right into the sky watching eagles. Try diving in to a the lake near the fields. Do you know how much fun that is? None of that is rocket science but it feels like heaven when you are experiencing it. These days I try to hang out with cab drivers who drive me back home in the night. I buy them a cup of tea or coffee in the night. And it awesome chatting with them and listening to their experiences. Its crazy how much fun they have. Some of the words happiest people are the ones who work during the day in the sun smelling the sweat essence of mud. Passion and fun can be found even in the smallest of the things we do in life. And people do that all the time. The guide to a happy life is to really focus on how you do things rather than What things you do . There are 501 people and non-501 people in every profession. The issue is something like this. One workaholic nerd works his life out to achieve something very extraordinary. Then he become famous and rich. And then people begin to dissect his life. During the process people figure out, that we worked crazy hours to achieve what he achieved. When a theory is made out of this process your logical inference is working very hard is a prerequisite for success. You start with this assumption then you automatically start classifying 501 workers as somebody who can't do anything big in life. Go a step further, people start classifying 501 people as lazy or inefficient. Things get bad when you start comparing. I think the concept of a 'shit job' basically is embedded in our human culture. Work was synonymous with slavery even until recently. People who build beautiful things like Taj Mahal, Pyramids etc were all slaves who worked at the commands of kings. And most of them did it because they had no other option or nothing else to do. A few who realized what they are worth and escaped that became philosophers and scholars. Getting the point? 501 vs non-501, Its almost like slaves Vs philosophers. Organized 9-5 labor is always going to be inglorious even if you are the best algorithmist in the whole world, because deep down inside it has a strong taste of slavery to it. They are parallels to the slaves who build the Colosseum of Rome. Even if you were the slave who could build 10 walls in a day you are still 'A nobody'. No one will even remember you. And individual contributors working on their own crazy hours are always going to be glorious people, because deep down inside they are parallels to Socrates and Plato. If NASA were spending $5 billion a year on developing its own automobiles when they could just buy cars from Toyota or Ford the decision would be a no brainer. True, if Toyota exists to supply those automobiles. Not, if NASA is the first one to make a automobile. Remember NASA was the first to make many things which are not available off the shelf. since they might call him crazy Trust me, success in these kind of projects is impossible unless you are crazy. In fact you have to be crazy to work on anything which others think is impossible. This is indeed a very sad reflection of our priorities at this time. We don't act unless we absolutely have to. I mean problems like disease cure, poverty and hunger eradication, space colonization can be solved with that kind of money on hand. This is also what I think of Aliens too! We talk of super intelligent aliens who would have colonized space.That would have never happened, because just like us, they might have wasted their money, energy and resources on photo sharing apps and putting birds in pigs instead of doing some real stuff that actually matters. We are proud of the technology achievements. Don't forget that we are the only nation which hasn't invaded any other nation in a millennium. If any thing we have nukes only as deterrents. We have never started a war alone and never will, because we don't want to kill innocent civilians. But God forbid if we are attacked then we are human beings and we need to defend ourselves. India and China have better work than fighting wars at this time. Our time, money and resources are better utilized spending on development activities than pointless wars. Besides we(Indian civilization) have never attacked any country in several thousand years and never will. There is no bigger a peace loving nation in the world than India. But if some one attacks us, we need to defend ourselves. Historically India is impenetrable through the northern and eastern sides because of the natural defense Himalayas provide. Nothing has changed in the modern times. Its too early in the day to get into these many details. The primary focus must now be a. Set of goals. b. Fastest way to get to the set of goals. c. Building a community and getting them to contribute. Anything else and we would be prematurely optimizing. And falling through a unproductive rabit hole. The primary focus at this time must be to worry about a basic usable product with a extensible mechanism and growing a community. The faster you get something out, the more awesome it will be. After this kind of a built up, not having a quick release or a bad release will disappoint a lot of people. Will be nice to see something in the next 6 months. I think by 'intelligence' he means intelligence required to make macro level impacts. Like traveling across oceans/seas, Living in mass organized colonies and cities, Math and things like that. That sort of intelligence only developed recently(When compared on a time scale). The earlier man had a pretty neat life, tending to food and rest and physiological activities all the time without having nothing much to worry about. Its only when the Philosophers and thinkers started originating, did mankind get some direction to work towards. Why we can't find Evidence of Alien Life - We are not looking seriously. And that is because - 1. We waste far too much money on wars, weapons and fighting than what we should be spending on this sort of problems. 2. The pressing needs of human kind at this time are photo sharing apps and 'bird in pig' games. 3. No serious, I mean real serious intent on developing space travel, exploration and colonization. 4. Misplaced priorities, the people who can solve tough problems like educating kids, finding cures for diseases and space research are paid peanuts in comparison with people who are doing far easier jobs than them. There by scaring off more people working on those jobs. 5. Nation states must collaborate on working these kind of issues instead of developing weapons, wasting brain power, energy, money and resources to destroy each other. >> I'm speaking in generalities here. If you specifically have evidence that real world systems written in Clojure still look this tidy, that just makes me want to learn Clojure all the more. The number of people even wanting to learn clojure are generally going to be in the bracket of people who are going to learn not just for a living but to perfect their craft. So you are likely to find good programmers in Clojure than in Java. In fact it might be difficult to find bad clojure programmers. On the hand other chances of finding good programmers among java programmers is going to be difficult. And your average Java programmer can't even write a fully functional program let alone a full app without eclipse doing 90% of the auto completion, and vast part of code automation happening automatically for him. So the IDE use case for a java programmer is totally different. What a java programmer needs is a tools that can program in itself with little inputs from him. Light table is not for code automation and auto completion in itself. Its for programmers who like think instead of IDE doing that for them. >> sometimes a algorithem is clearer in one function. Once many such reusable algorithms come up. The function sizes keep shrinking. He is talking of programmers who start programming with IDE's and nothing else. If you belong to this category it will difficult to explain you the very concept of bloat, because that is what you have started with and feel it to be perfectly normal. Most people who program in Editors I know read the documentation, manual and tutorial better. They think and code. On the other hand IDE only programmers I know can't write even simple functional programs without IDE, autocompletion and intellisense. Take a big Java project and try to work on it without IDE/eclipse/IntelliJ, that would give a true picture of how much work IDE had automated for you. No Sorry, And please. Almost all Java programmers I've seen so far can barely write any code without IDE, autocompletion and intellisense. Even people who claim to have years of experience in Java. Its just the community is very heavily on IDE side. The libraries, frameworks are all heavy bloats designed with the perspective that IDE is going to take care of that anyway. In other words, Java world without IDE doesn't exist and I presume that is going to be the case for a long time to come. And that is one of the reasons why I never went deep into Java because one tour of eclipse and the best and worst Java programmers both become the same. Its neither a bias nor a prejudice. Because I write in Java and Other languages like Python and Perl in my day job. Although I'm trying to run away from Java as quickly as I can. Vast majority of Java programmers can't program without IDE's is a fact. Java being verbose is a fact. Java frameworks being bloated is a fact. Medium to large Java application not being easily handled thorough ordinary tools like text editors is a fact. Its almost like what Dijkstra said couple of decades back about basic. It can destroy your thinking abilities. I don't want to risk mine with too much exposure to autocompletion and intellisense. And without them it makes zero sense to write in Java, as you can no longer be even remotely productive. Well I don't know about others, but I, myself would not like to be bunched in that kind of commodity market of programmers whose only known expertise is 'Knows how to use an IDE'. >> The truth is that if you want to, you can create change, even in large companies like Microsoft, and even without being in a management position. Most people are simply too impatient and not willing to do the work. My experience has been the opposite. Every time I've tried to create some nice stuff, the manager above me always perceived as a threat to his position. And he purposefully rewarded under performers and build his own gang around such people to gather support. In fact one manager told me, I am not a good player because I was going too fast, and good team player always goes as fast his team . In other words, he wanted me to become as inefficient as others if I had to become his best man. Good experience in $LARGECOMPANIES are exceptions, not rules. >> The disquieting thing about managerial tribalism is that the good protect the bad. No programmer would argue against the fact that there are some people in software engineering jobs who don't deserve to be there... but managers have a hard time admitting that the bottom 40% of their tribe (at least) are counterproductive, unethical, or even destructive. That is because the default job of a manager doesn't involve 'getting things done'. That itself brings their profession a degree of inefficiency. Add to this some managers just perceive their jobs as merely exchanging emails, calling for pointless status meetings, asking questions about things they have no clue of, approving leave requests, pushing things as they are as long as they can and things like that. And for that they need to build faithful loyal gang of people, to can bend to their service at command. True managers lead with example. Bring business, build business, promote meritocracy, and building strong teams that can form common goals and achieve them. May be its also because the rich remain rich only when someone is poor. Being rich is not just comfortable but also a social status, not everyone likes everybody to be their equals. "When I was young I thought that money was the most important thing in life; now that I am old I know that it is." - Oscar Wilde Like it or not money matters. It matters more than you think, even if you take into account this statement. While you are young you can go sleep anywhere, eat two minute noodles and go from hand to mouth without getting much into the rougher side of life. As you age, you get a family, you get kids, you fall sick, you need to tend to a thousand responsibilities and bills. Want to put a dent in the universe? good! Sure do it. But before that ensure you have enough cash before you are 40-45 to not worry about getting up every morning and run to make ends meet. Life can be a lot more rewarding if you have a financial comfort pillow to rest on and not to worry about getting fired, or loosing a job, or a market crash or you kids leaving you to stay away from you. Just have enough cash in you pocket, you will be a lot more happier. Even if you are not, you can be comfortable sad with money than without. Well why is this surprising? A lot of people working in factories, plants and other shops undergo the same treatment with time. The issue isn't exactly with software professionals but with any job. Young blood is preferred, because they push longer for lesser money. They don't have families, they can take failure gracefully, they have tons of time to fail and recover. As we age, we get families, we have kids, we need insurances for ourselves and family. We need to pay college fees, We need a home to settle in, we have mortgages, And then of course we always have bills to pay, food and clothes to buy. All this means everyone tries to settle down at some time. Instead of running a marathon at the speed of a sprint, we just like to push things as they are. This means we get held back, we play safe, we like to have permanent jobs. This is what millions of people go though. They hit dead ends by 40. Because the expenses keep rising, and the corporate pay structures seem to reward only promotions on managerial levels. And if you don't get to be a manager you are basically done for! That's with every one, not just software professionals. And what remains after that is struggling to be employed based on skills which are very commonly available else where especially in a pool of people who are younger. Clever people make their financial planning while they in 20-30. Get themselves enough cash to give themselves enough freedom to not worry about getting fired, non getting employed, being replaced, old age or never ever going to work again. Get yourself enough money to not worry about money. Regardless of what ever profession you are in. >> And what really scares me: is it true that after 35 your programming mettle starts to leave you? Not exactly, but your expenses rise to a level where a programming job doesn't mach up to it. And the manager who doesn't know a grain as much as you will be making more than you. I think this sort of stuff is natural progression in the time scale of evolution of a species. Its called exploration. People in the middle ages got equally excited when somebody invented a ship that could sail the seas and a compass that could point where they wanted to go. And then when they actually went there, they found some surprises. They figured that they are not the only ones to exist. Space exploration will be similar. We have gone from a boat to sail in a small lake, to making ships that can sail and mine resources for surviving a prolonged exploration campaign. The only thing that can throw spanner in the wheels now is this things going down and projects like these getting dropped. We are on the right track and give the direct and a little more speed. Privatization in this domain is the way forward.I think permanent space colonies very much look to be practical realities in some decades to come. Its more than that. Merely the technologies that will get developed to build such a venture can patented and billions can be made out of them. Also they are talking of water, that means resources for the next permanent space stations. Building oxygen gardens in space and space colonies. Stuff and resources that require maintaining large space colonies. Considering projects of such big ambitions, the investments and associated risks we are taking is chicken feed. Hardly surprising. The seas and oceans were explored by merchants. Entities like British East India trading company. The space might be explored by business men too! Ironic, but true. All it would take to get governments back into the game is some private firm proving the value of resources that can be mined there. If governments get a clue of how valuable space real estate, energy and resources can be. Expect a space race, like weapons race. In fact you can expect wars on the basis of who controls which asteroids and who gets to stay where on mars. User Commandment : Trust remote storage as a reliable source of back up in case of data loss. If you violate this commandment, you will eventually lose users trust. User Commandment : Once I sync the data, it must be available to me without any hassles on demand. The usual technical lectures to users asking them to do things instead of making 'just work' don't fly. That is why they ship TV's(with channels), Washing machines(with timers) and microwave ovens(with presets) without you having to bother too much about frequencies, volume/rotations and wave equations. The user wants a product that 'works' the way he wants. How many ordinary users even understand the term 'backup' is itself a big question! The use case is simple - When I put data on something, It must be available to me. I can't learn how to be a sysadmin or expect my father to do that just to use this service. I think the problem is something like this. Vast majority of the people, slog till the calcium in their bones disappear to learn the craft of software. HN'ers are full of Clojure learning, Python beauty appreciating programmers who would happily burn a summer down practicing exercises in Structure and Interpretation of computer programs. They would never hire anybody who doesn't know how to sort a million integers in a million different ways. And yet after they learning how to do 22nd century algebra using haskell and learning how to bend the skies with macros some one here comes along reads a tutorial and builds an app to sell for a decent amount. This upsets their whole belief systems and makes their expertise seem irrelevant to winning the game. This is called 'Holier than thou' attitude. Anybody who doesn't go through the regime of K&R C -> Algorithm book -> DS Book -> Haskell -> Lisp is considered shit. He is not supposed to win, succeed or do any thing big with software. This happens all the time. Anybody who doesn't have a CS degree and can't handle the math/Algo quizzes is not supposed to win ever. And if he does, he is considered undeserving, lucky or just evil. People who need to decide whether something is good or bad are his users. And users don't open up code bases and do code review before buying something. Just like how you and I, don't tear down washing machines to just check the wiring inside it. I got your point. Lets say you develop a hobby for making furniture. You start developing Tables. You read a DIY book and start making stuff. In the meanwhile, you make mistakes, you don't put as many nails where there are necessary. You put more gum than what is necessary. Your finished product is definitely a table, but you've made is so badly it could hardly last for a couple of years. A carpenter down the street comes down to you shop and gives a detailed critique of what he thinks is wrong with your table. Now you both go and try to sell your story, You have a table and he just has a critique. The user comes and sees your table and listens to his critique. He decides something that exists is better that just talk. Remember the user is seeing the table only, he didn't see you making it. He decides to go with your table despite the carpenters critique. He orders 50 more tables from you to be made based on what you showed it to him. Now the professional carpenter can argue about how bad and how many technical deficiencies exist in your tables. But you know what, the user won't even understand that language. Because, Shipping is a feature. And the one's who ship almost always win. Sometimes even if they ship crap. That is what is happening here. Well actually I'm not disagreeing with you. I'm just trying to show you how the world is. We have to learn to live with this thing. The way programming has evolved in the years is scary to say at the least. And we may see more and more of this kind of stuff. This is almost the same fury we saw when YC announced they would fund Ideas. Although they are not the same, but YC really was ready to fund stuff which wasn't really into material existence. While many who had working stuff might not have got funded, many of them might have had good enough experience and skill building stuff. At the same time there might have been ideas from non tech founders. Sounds strange ain't it? These days you can do a lot of things by just knowing how to discover things and be a little productive. No wonder yesterday there was thread on software engineers hitting dead ends at 40. There is simply too much competition and tools are reducing the barrier to entry opening a flood gate of people looking to make money here. When I saw the movie the movie I thought they were depicted as two useless, uncapable boys whose only advantage in life seems to be 'My dad has lots of money and connections'. In fact in a scene, the Zuckerberg character says 'The winklevoss are suing me only because, first time in their life things are not going as they desire'. That almost means they are used to getting easy money and making others work for their luxury and that didn't happen this time and they met someone far more intelligent, capable and hardworking who doesn't need 'Dad's money and influence' to win in the world. And he can do that on merely merit, while they can't. Things will be far worse. If satellites get bricked a lot of things as we know it will come to a grinding halt.And as you said the other electronic and electrical equipment or earth will be dead. I guess we will be without most modern technology for a quite a while, and starting from scratch will neither be easy nor cheap. This is why we need to move out to space as quickly as we can. We have to do it while we can. One incident like this can take us centuries back. While the technology might be available there is also something called as economic cost. A lot of what we have today is because we are building something on top of something. If everything were to go away starting from scratch is not going to be very economically viable. Add to this the external woes. Loss of electronic life means, several millions will loose jobs and will have to fall back on manual work. The population of the planet has increased substantially. Food, medical and other needs have increased. Much of that scalability depends on electronic means to controlling stuff. Disruption on a massive level only means extreme chaos. Yes, but you need fuel to run cars. And much of fuel extraction and refinements happens through machines that depend on electronic control systems. Nobody builds fuel extraction plants preparing for massive solar flares. While electronics in your car might be safe. You might not have fuel to use it. There is nothing that exists in Isolation today. Everything thing depends on each other. That's the most beautiful and the scariest part. When these sort of scenarios are discussed, we take into account only the first impacted entity. We don't analyze the things that get impacted because of the first entity and things that depend on each other. There are going to chained failures of systems. Each depending on other to recover. While none can at the moment. When you see the whole equation in the entirety you will realize a single massive failure in one entity can send you back centuries.