Hi guys, this is Simone Brunozzi, the "new hire" at Amazon.com. Second Life is not the new holy grail, I just said that it was a key factor for me. Second Life is still in its infancy, and it's useful only in specific situations. I consider evangelists very important for an organization such as Amazon. They don't have an explicit position on Second Life, though. Best, Hi Spyrosk, the videos will be available shortly. If you want to get updated, send me an email (you find the contacts on my Twitter page, @simon). Best, Simone Thanks, evilswan. Do you have any feedback on how to improve it? I will shortly release a video version of it. Best, Simone Yannis, which service would you like to see covered this way? If multiple ones, which one should have the priority? Best, Simone (T: @simon) The video is now available here: http://slidesha.re/qefqHn (about 35 minutes) Best regards, Simone Since you need money quickly, this is what I suggest: 1) Sell your stuff on Ebay or Craigslist or similar. 2) Find temporary work for a company that pays decent money (Lyft, Uber, TaskRabbit, Mechanical Turk, etc). 3) My favorite: call a good friend, tell them that you need 2k within a few weeks, and offer a written payback promise. This way your friend will not feel in a too awkward situation, and you'll be able to give him his money back. Ask for a 4-month deadline payment, and offer interest (let's say 60 dollars?). If he's a friend, he'll help. If your friend is able/willing to give you only 1k, accept it. And find another friend who will lend the other 1k. It's doable, and there's nothing to be ashamed of. Then find some meaningful ways to repay that debt. Good luck. Hope it goes well. Before thinking about enhancing tranportation, we should ask ourselves IF we need to travel more. In the last five years I took 500 flights (all on economy class except for two), and I also took about 100 train rides. For "short" trips ( Sometimes I see random acts of kindness (like yours), and they still surprise me. I bet every one of us did a few, and received a few. Sown, you should go! Matt, you rock!!!! LOL! Interesting! My view is that "how to teach" is way more difficult, and therefore important, than simple subject knowledge. I can find dozens of very expert Developers, willing to teach for a good salary. However, rarely these people have the skills to teach effectively. Can you tell us more about why Jeff is great at teaching? Examples? Great job, Jeff! Any specific reason why you need this? Can you explain the use case? The article is quite nice, but I have to say that there's nothing surprising. I found it a bit shallow. Also, it would have been nice to change the title into "3 things we have done right so far AT OUR STARTUP". Cheers, Me too, more or less. Sad. Good point. I think that if the "mother" company can fund the startups, without getting in the way, and accept a reasonable equity, then it's a good formula for success. I'm sorry to hear this. I love my dad, who is still alive, and I think I should try to spend more good time with him, now that we live far away. My sympathy to you, Notch. Agree with you, $crazygringo. Most of the time, when people talk about it: Europe = DE, FR, sometimes UK, more rarely IT/CH/AT and scandinavian countries. Asia = "chinese" Asia, which is China and South East Asia. South America = Brazil This is a good thing, but having known Canonical and Ubuntu since the start (2004), I would really love to see them succeed in the desktop market first. This initiative will de-focus their efforts. I admire them, and wish them good luck anyway. Nice initiative. A pity I won't be in town. It would be nice if you could post some videos after the event. Good luck! This is super cool, Tom! Good luck :) The slides are awesome! Great work. I also like speakerdeck a lot. This is an amazing methaphor. :) It seems like a simple but nice idea. Good luck! I just signed up :) What would be the best way to play DF on a not-so-powerful machine? It seems that rendering the ASCII art is a serious CPU dwell... Nice job guys! Good luck! Good luck! LOL! You're abs right :) I know I'm almost OT, but let's consider for a moment the topic of "tipping taxi drivers". I find it completely unfair to tip cab drivers, and yet, they give it for granted it all to time. The couple of times I tipped less then expected I had to meet angry reactions. Wow, even the "1000 limited edition poster prints". Crazy. I remember it when it came out. It was a success because of media attention. It sparkled a "gold rush" to buy these pixels while they lasted. Sometimes people do crazy things. :) That's actually cool. I am from Italy (Umbria), and I can appreciate why you do it. In which area are you doing it? Just curious. Great story! Very smart. I was just thinking about it. I think there would be a tough competition on being the ugliest. I challenge you! :) Amen. Finally. I keep seeing too many "social" ones, they grab all the attention. Where are the others? LOL :) I tend to agree with you, even if I am no expert. I am copying this from a recent blog post that I've written. Hopefully it's good advice. Let me know what you think. 3) What did I learn? Now you might want to ask: after 500 talks, presentations, keynotes and the like, what did I learn? Many things, among which: 3.1) Somebody in the audience is smarter than you: no matter how smart, focused, sharp you are, you’ll always find someone who is smarter, more prepared, more skilled. Which means: be humble, and if you don’t know something, just say so. People don’t pretend that you know everything; they just want you to be honest. 3.2) Slides are only a small part of a presentation: you present to inspire, and possibly to provide knowledge and details. Slides are not the main part… The most important part is telling a story, involving people, showing passion, making things memorable. 3.3) Always be listening. I mean it. Even when you’re on stage, speaking. Don’t just listen to WORDS. Listen to feelings as well. I’ll tell you a little story to explain this point. Late 2009. I was in France, and I was the last speaker before lunch. I was supposed to speak at 12:30, for about 30 minutes. However, previous speakers took more time than expected, and one of the big sponsors pretended to have their CEO speak before me, unplanned, for more than 20 minutes, reading some text the entire time. READING. No slides, no interpretation. Why didn’t he simply email all of us, instead? His message was very boring, very corporate, full of vaporware. His last words were about how customer-obsessed his company was. He was using people’s time as he pleased, without even thinking about their needs. When it was my turn, it was already 13:00, and people really wanted to go to lunch. I was angry. I was in a difficult situation. I introduced myself, and then told the audience: “My talk was planned to be 30 minutes long. However, we are late, and you are hungry. I’ll cut my talk down to 15 minutes, and then we all go to lunch at 13:15. This is what I call customer obsession.” Big round of applauses. The crowd was mine. So, the lesson is: if you want to deliver a message, the length of the message doesn’t count. Other things count. Or, if you want to be a Technology Evangelist, don’t FORCE the message to your crowd. Use empathy. 3.4) Get inspired. I have amazing colleagues that inspire me every day. Our CTO, Werner Vogels, is one of the best public speaker I’ve ever seen, perhaps second only to my all-time favorite, Matt Wood (a rare combination of intelligence, humility, knowledge and a collection of PhDs), who recently moved to a new role, Chief Data Scientist. Our most senior Evangelist, Jeff Barr, is a walking encyclopaedia on all things AWS. Jinesh Varia is a talented, super-smart producer of high quality content, and a good presenter too. And there are other colleagues (like Simon Elisha) which, despite not strictly being Technology Evangelists, are amazing speakers nevertheless. There are also a lot of amazing Technology Evangelists out there, not just within the Amazon Web Services team. I loved reading Kenneth Reitz’s blog post about his experience at Heroku. So the lesson here is: get inspired, as much as possible. Never stop learning and improving. 3.5) I’ve mentioned above that “It doesn’t necessarily make sense to travel like this, though”. In fact, after 500 talks, I think that I should focus on quality, rather than quantity. Let me be more clear. At the beginning, you should do as many talks as possible, simply because you learn a lot, and you mostly learn by doing. After a while (500 is enough, but also 200 would be enough), you will notice that you’re not improving so much anymore. It’s time for you to start focusing on quality. Quality, in this case, means committing your time and energy to events that matter. It could be a small user group, or a huge conference, but as long as it matters, it’s ok. It will actually be easier for me now, since I am focused on the Bay area, and therefore travelling time is not as much as it used to be… Which means I can afford to do more events, while keeping the “quality” high. 3.6) You’re a public figure representing your company, learn how to deal with it. This was a tough one to learn, and I admit it wasn’t easy for me, but eventually I’ve learned it the hard way. Different companies might have different policies, but in most cases you are not “just one employee”, whatever you do online or in public matters a lot. Ah, and by the way: Opinions expressed here are my own and do not necessarily represent those of current or past employers. Just in case. Source: http://www.brunozzi.com/2013/01/04/500-times-on-stage/ Only 50-100? I would go as far as 200! :) Yes (I lived in Singapore for 2.5 years) but they go quite slow. Top speed of the most recent, unmanned MRT (yellow line) is about 65 Km/h. Did you try: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/script-blocker/edk... How do you compare them? Yes. Italy: Stefano Quintarelli, MS in Computer Science, he brought internet in Italy in the early 90s, then sold i.NET and founded a few startups. One of the smartest and most brilliant people on the planet. He now sits in parliament. Unfortunately, he had a bad car accident a few months ago and he's still recovering. Agree, I had to stop ScriptSafe in order to be able to scroll. Surprising how many things use JS nowadays. I would bet that PG will not respond to this one. The "excess capacity" is a pure myth. When AWS started, it was using a set of Data Centers which had nothing to do with Amazon.com (the Retail part of it). Now Amazon.com is just another (big) customer of AWS. Disclaimer: I work for AWS. Can you elaborate? I'd be glad to hear your thoughts on this. (I am a foreigner and certain things can escape the little I know about US). Hi dhrp, I assume you work for Dotcloud? Nice job so far. Where do you see this heading to? What's your view of what will happen in the virtualization world? Best, Protectionism has never worked well. The reason why they call your name is because Schultz, inspired by the "bar" in Milan in the early 1980's, wanted people to believe they had a barista friend. Note that "bar" in Italy has roughly the same meaning as "cafe" in the US. In Italy, then and now, most bars have regular customers, and they get to know each other's name. When I moved to Singapore a few years ago, I started drinking my coffee at a local "Segafredo", and had to teach to the baristas to call me by name whenever I entered. For a few months, they would say "Buongiorno Mr. Simone" to me only. I also had to teach them how to do a proper espresso. They were clueless. (I was a barista in my twenties). One day I hear "Buongiorno Mr. Giovanni", and I immediately knew it was another Italian. He also did the same, had to teach them to call him by name, and how to do a proper espresso. Funny. My name is Simone. Try to guess how often my name is pronounced in the wrong way. (hint: it's probably more than 99%). :) I agree. He's a remarkable man. Not sure he's powerful enough to win the race for US President. "their stuff is shit, and your shit is stuff". LOL. The article seems legit, and the criticism too. However, I don't want to focus on the technical details, for once. I'd like you to notice two things: 1) A lot of people are talking about Hyperloop; Dr. Drang, even if he doesn't want to, is ALREADY contributing to the project. These notes will be treasured by whoever will try to build it eventually. 2) This seems to be a very smart strategy (no surprise, given this is Elon Musk himself) to make Hyperloop popular and break existing barriers to execution. These barriers could be: investors' skepticism, Government scarce interest, or else. Well played, Mr. Musk. One more thing: I admire Elon Musk, and have no doubts about his intelligence, ability of execution, reputation. However, let's not forget that he does it for money too. This approach is also a very SMART way to get a ton of free work, and thousands of individuals who would happily work on the Hyperloop (thus, lower wages, as there is more offer). Again, well played. "treasured", in the sense that everything that comes out of the discussion (not just this SPECIFIC critique) will benefit whoever is going to implement it. Some things will be trivial, like you suggest, but others won't. Worth a PG essay, for sure. This is great. They should use these for the new Teslas. Timeo danaos et dona ferentes. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeo_Danaos_et_dona_ferentes 100% agree, that's the same feeling that I have. However, I am not sure what would have happened if I had remained in my little town in Italy. Perhaps it's hard as well, no matter if you move around or not. Matteo, thanks for your thoughts. As always, deep and great. What surprises me is that there is so much written about flirting, courting, having a successful relationship or marriage, and so on, and so little about friendship (I am referring to things of value. Otherwise, plenty of trash around). On one side, everybody wishes he/she had more friends. On the other, it seems so hard to keep friendships, to nurture them, to let them survive moves, changes of habit, etc. Also, after moving, it seems that I am always the one that needs to search for my friends, to call them, to email them, to tell them that I'm back and want to meet. Very few of them, and not often, want to know how's life in Luxembourg, in Singapore, in San Francisco, or watch pictures, or listen to me telling them stories. Strange. After a while, you start thinking "I shouldn't be putting so much effort to keep it alive. Let it be.", and then they start fading away. Although, I agree with you, the strongest ones really stay pretty much the same through the years... Unless you change too much, which is what I believe is happening to me, and might happen to people that travel and move too much. Very well done, Solomon. I really admire what dotCloud is doing in this space. Cheers, I'm Italian and I think I know something about good food: trust me, there are only exceptions in San Francisco. Most food is crap, or just average. And ALWAYS overpriced. Take the "trendy" places: Flour + Water, Farina, Cocina, etc. If you go there, you will hear Americans shouting "Sooo good! Delicious! Amazing! Soo tasty!", etc. Reality is that if you take any random restaurant or trattoria in Rome, chances are you will eat something AMAZINGLY superior, for 1/3 or 1/4 of the cost. (then there are some tourist traps, and they don't count, of course. They're just a scam). My 0.02. Same question here. I am 36 years old now; when I was 8, upon returning from school, I told my father: "Dad, the teacher has taught us about bees. I want bees.". He knew how stubborn I was, and in fact 2 months later we had our first beehive. I've been helping him beekeeping for the next 15 years or so, and have learned A LOT about bees. We harvested several types of honey. "millefiori" (thousand flowers, or "generic" honey), "castagno" (chestnut), "eucalipto" (eucalyptus), and of course "pappa reale" (royal jelly). In 1999, during my military service, I came back to the barracks from home, bringing chestnut honey, my all time favorite, and "pecorino" cheese. Try to eat them together, and you will understand what flavor really is. Amazing. Bees are fascinating creatures (I know, I should have said insects). Taking care of them, for months, until the "smielatura" (honey harvest) comes, is an incredible experience for a young kid. The main thing I've learned from this is respect for nature, for others. (not to claim that I'm a saint of anything, but I'm pretty sure that the "nice" part of me has a lot to do with beekeeping.). It's also an amazing bonding experience for a father and his son. If you have any chance, I'd suggest you buy a couple of beehives, and start spending time with them. It's relaxing, interesting, challenging sometimes. 100% worth it. There's an Italian company called ForiniCom that built its own devices; they are around 40-50$ to produce, but they truly provide a Mesh network. Unfortunately it's only in Italian: http://com-com.it/ I know they are managing more than 4,000 nodes now, and it works great. I also know that offering a service like this is hard. A kickstarter campaign sometimes makes things look too easy. What's Steve Wozniak's email? LOL! Well done indeed! :) Pretty cool to see that after 16 years in office, an "hostile takeover" (e.g. invasion) took out his employer - Lots of parallels with today's world. :) This is a 13-minute demo of AWS Opsworks (I am the author, and I work for AWS): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_TtiSJSbHo&feature=youtu.be I hope you'll find it useful. Best. Commenter. Ever. You rock. I understand your point, but I have a different view. Sometimes there are MANY comments on a thread, and looking at the Karma can help you decide which comment you want to take a look at. Besides, it would be nice to test this feature and see how it works, no? And I disagree. In real life, if someone important or influential says something, you are MORE impressed. This should be reflected in HN as well. As said on another comment, I would love to see this feature be tested for a few days, and see what people think. Thanks for clarification; I already had a pretty good idea of how this worked. I still believe that we should map what happens in real life, which is: "if someone influential says something, you listen more carefully". Do you think this makes sense on HN? sp332, it seems that I cannot nest another comment again. Don't you think that your conclusion means that the Karma system on HN is fundamentally flawed? :D Hey Daniel, good points. I agree that when there are MULTIPLE English speakers in the group, it's almost impossible to slow them down. I also agree that it's unlikely to be arrogance in that case. Perhaps I was mostly referring to one-to-one communications. I think there's something specific to English though, especially the pronunciation part. As an example, I have heard multiple times from Japanese and Russians that learning how to pronounce Italian is quite simple for them; I also was often in situations where Italians were thought to be Russians because of the way they would pronounce English. This means that some languages are easier than others, and I still think that English is not that great from this point of view. Hey solve, I think that pidgin are easier than English, and this is why: they are intended to use in a very simple and effective way. A full language, like English, has much more complex phrasing. Exactly. I am making a more general point, while Paul Graham was just specifically talking about startup CEOs. By the way, this is probably why some people found his post xenophobic: they thought he was expressing a judgement on people with accents; he just wanted to say something to help startup CEOs with strong accents. I don't understand your point. I am not a linguist, but in my humble opinion, pidgin doesn't measure how far two languages are; it rather is the semplification of a language (e.g. Latin, or Italian) in order to make it easier to understand and speak by non natives. Please tell me what your point was, as I don't know what to answer :) lazyjones, you are right. It's not a statement of fact. Let me rephrase by saying that "if you have a strong accent, you are more likely to perform poorly as the CEO of a startup that does business in the US". Exactly! I agree, it's a bit confusing. Another hopefully interesting discussion on another HN thread here (Accents, English, Arrogance, Success): https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6316826 (disclaimer: I am the author of the original article) Ah, I didn't know it. Very interesting. Thanks for sharing it. Very interesting!! I actually had some of these experiences when I was based in Asia. I agree, and I understand. Thanks! Can you tell us a bit more about Sococo? And/or any other good alternative? Would it be practical to use them? WildUtah, thanks for the details. Very useful and interesting. So, I was right in thinking that pronouncing English is harder than, say, Italian or Japanese. Unfortunately, written Japanese is super hard IMHO, or most non-western alphabets. Simone Hi there! Expressing deep thoughts or emotions in a foreign language can be very hard, especially if there are cultural differences. (try mediterranean cultures and Anglo-saxon ones, for instance). However, we are referring to a business/technical discussion in this case. There are similarities to other types of discussions, but I think there are also specific rules that don't apply to, say, conversations between a Dutch and an Australian couple :) Simone Well done! Good to hear this feedback. I work for AWS; I will pass this to the team. Feel free to shoot me an email: simone attt amazon do0tcom if you have more comments. Thanks! Rents are a result of demand and offer. San Francisco has seen an incredible raise in rent costs, because more and more people (with money, evidently) want to move to SF (from elsewhere in the country, or from the South Bay). I think this is a good thing. Let me explain. 1) You can think that there are hundreds of OTHER things worth pursuing, instead of spending time on a project that is very hard to complete, expensive, and benefits (initially) only a small fraction of the world's population. Myself, I'd rather improve public trasportation in both SF and LA, instead of focusing on the Hyperloop. But there are people willing to spend some time to tinker with the idea. Let them do it. 2) They might not be successful, but they are sparking a discussion on transportation, technology, and government. Having a discussion is healthy, and needed. Good luck! I think you wanted to say "on an EC2 machine", instead of "dedicated machine". Otherwise, people might think you're referring to physical hardware. I just want to say that as soon as I opened this page, and started reading tokenadult's comment (without noticing the author), I thought: this should be tokenadult. And I was right!!! I have read this same thing a few days ago, and today I have experienced it for the first time. And of course I mean a lot of good things by saying this. Kudos. I knew Second Life very well. In 2007, I built a perfect replica of the Basilica of Saint Francis of Assisi [1], met with Philip Rosedale in San Francisco, and almost cried when he told me: "This is the most beautiful building I've ever seen in Second Life.". I was very critical of Second Life at the time: I thought that most people were using it in the wrong way, and that the "gold rush" would soon bring problems. However, I've been lucky: I found my job through Second Life. You can read the story here. [2] [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JE282TzLH3M [2]: http://www.brunozzi.com/2008/05/22/how-i-got-hired-by-amazon... Almost 100% OT: I will visit NYC with my wife next month. It's my 12th or so time, but her FIRST! I would love to give her an experience like this, with a real person walking us through Brooklyn, East Village, etc. What should I do to make it happen? Paul, I've read Hackers and Painters, and you can't imagine how HAPPY I am that you've been in Florence, and have been influenced by what you saw there. I love, love the fact that (at least in words) there is a care for beauty, for design. I am a geek and a hacker at heart, but I also love when something is crafted beautifully. I think "The lives of others" was a great movie. I'd recommend it. This is a great story for the simple reason that ODesk was able to find a very effective way to "test" candidates, without going through the boring, repetitive, outdated task of checking the resume, doing phone interviews, etc. Well done, and congratulations for your job. I hope that many companies will be inspired by this post. "it is easier to accumulate a lot of money if you are soulless" Interesting point. I believe it to be true, but haven't found any proof or good evidence. Any help? Why did Khosla Ventures sued TheFunded? Is TheFunded = Founder Institute? This is true for most things on HN. Hello moot, nice to see you here :) This is good work. Well done. Are you referring to "just" bombs, or to Atomic bombs? If so, sources for what you claim? (not contesting, just asking) Don't feed the troll. I know the founders (Stefano Cutello), passionate and smart Italians. Great work! That's the genius part. Super smart. Well played. Bah. Disappointing. No reason to change the title. "I drive it like I stole it, to quote my mechanic" -> LOL! I would say: "like I'm stealing it" :) I would love to see an option to specify a different time zone. It would be useful for when I travel, and I'm lazy. So, a user (zeis, don't take it personally) publishes a link to the release of Ubuntu 13.10, but he's actually wrong... Despite this, his post gets 188 points of karma (as of know). Now that's what I call a karma system that doesn't work well. I should just post "Ubuntu 14.04 (Taunting Tiger) released" and get my own share of karma... Gregory, I think you did an amazing job! If you want, I can send you some pictures you can use, if you'd like to add them. Let me know. Yes, agree. Super nice job! Hey Aviv! I was actually thinking about you when I wrote that! Nice meeting you as well :) Sent! Feel free to use. pg, nice reference to Chris Dixon's talk at Startup School. Agree. However, in this case we're "playing" with human health, and the good/bad effects of Soylent can take years to be clear. I have the feeling that Soylent, or this particular area of business, is going to be huge in the coming years. Not surprisingly, A16Z has invested in it :) Ha. Then he was referencing you :) Good point. I was thinking about it, after having read "Lean in" recently. I think it's a missed opportunity, first of all. On "why", I truly don't know. I guess that the organizers could do a better job in trying to involve "diverse" groups of people, but I would never blame them for having too many guys and just a few ladies attend. Ciao Emanuele, nice to see you here as well :) It might be true. A way to fix this would be to involve some women groups and convince them to attend "en masse". It was 81% on iPad, 19% on everything else. Not sure which metrics they're considering, though. I assume it is "time spent on devices", but that metric is not very objective, nor easy to measure. "algorithms will never be able to do that" -> You seem to know very little about machine learning and AI. In my opinion, your talk was the most interesting (and unexpected). You did a great job. I like your story, and your humility. I think that Aston is right. At the time, it was the best decision for you, based on what you knew, and wanted to do. Nothing prevents you from inventing something spectacular at Google, now :) It is unfortunate that you can't decompress for a month or two in Florence, or a similarly beautiful place. If you ever plan to visit Italy again, please let me know; there's a bunch of very interesting people to meet in Florence, including the mayor, Matteo Renzi (candidate for Prime Minister in 2014) and Paolo Barberis, founder of Dada.it, now founder of the accelerator nana bianca. And others. "Unix, the open-source operating system." - Really? This mistake speaks very seriously about the author of the article. Greg, superb!!! Can't praise you enough for this. Well done! Luxembourg? Switzerland? Is it so just because tax rates are higher in Germany, or for other reasons? I don't know if it's 3 times, but I could easily bet on a "at least twice". Since 2010, I keep saying that Singapore (nation state, in this case) will be the first "city" (with at least one million people) to adopt driverless cars in a short span of time. I would even accept bets :) Municipalities with a lot of freedom will follow suit. I don't know if american cities will have an easy time fighting with unions, conservatives, taxi drivers, real estate owners. Why real estate owners? Because once transportation gets optimized, "hot" areas of the city will cool down in prices, compared to other parts of the city. Rio Tinto, you mean. I am Italian and live in San Francisco. Ping me when you arrive :) It looks like that this post has been partly inspired by a recent presentation that I made: http://www.slideshare.net/simone.brunozzi/5-thingsyoudontkno... 1.1 Million US$ is a strong incentive to fake a theft. How can they prove it was someone else? This is one of the most brilliant few lines that I've seen on bitcoin, and economy in general, in a while. Curious: what the work is about? Nice. Can you add some links? Link doesn't work. Can you explain what happens on the site, with more details? First impression is that you're using my compute power (browser) to find the next bitcoin. I am very surprised that there's no discussion on this topic yet. HN, what's happening? Which storm is Coinbase going through? New acronym: TL/DR/DW :) More on Jeff Barr's blog post: http://aws.typepad.com/aws/2013/11/amazon-appstream-deliver-... If you are at re:Invent, go to the AWS Booth and talk to the team. They might share details on what else is going to come in the next few months. If you come at the AWS booth, the Appstream team will show you a few cool things, such as the character creator for the MMORPG Eve Online: http://t.co/22FpUB1ot6 (screenshot) What's a TWC? Where were you? Users would not use this 24/7. It is actually quite easy to integrate your app/game into AppStream, with minimal changes to the code. EVE Online integrated their Character creator in 3 days, with a team of 5 people, and they had to add touch. Please post an how-to. Most of them are now outdated. I would love to see it. I would be curious to know if you're working from there in a stable manner, and what the experience is like. Agree. Great feature! Useful tool to migrate from MySQL to PostgreSQL : https://github.com/lanyrd/mysql-postgresql-converter Wondering if there's any tax implication on earning money from bitcoin speculation. Does anyone know? This one looks great! Any talk/video available that describe it in more details? Hey, thanks for your availability. This is my situation: I bought a few bitcoins on Coinbase (US account), made some money, sold them. Is that profit taxable? Thanks a lot. Craig, is the zero-charge for bitcoins purchased with dollars? If so, is it applied when we place the order on Friday, or when the order is executed by coinbase? Interesting. Can you send me more info? This is why it's a joke: this page is a generator of keys. Every time you load a new page, it gives you another set of possible keys. If you look at the top of the page, when it says "Page 1 out of 904625697166532776746648320380374280103671755200316906558262375061821325312", you can get an idea that this is not that useful at all. Clever. I bet the creator hopes that panic will ensue, and that he/she can buy some extra bitcoins at a lower price. I might buy a few now, shouldn't be a bad idea. :) No idea. These things can generate panic. The creator is probably trying to take advantage of human behavior. Coinbase is doing a great job, so far. I still think that there will also be a need for a bigger, more estabilished company. Do you say this out of direct knowledge, or it's just an assumption? (just plainly asking, no sarcasm) qubitsam, let me introduce you to my favorite commenter on HN: tokenadult :) I think that @Fontas on twitter has nothing to do with what the article claims. And, what it really is? :) I agree. Great ideas. Do you mind if I get in touch with you to ask more? As you can see from my username here on HN and everywhere else, I have decided to go with full disclosure. I think there are a lot of pros, and a few cons, some of them very annoying. Ha. In your "about" I don't see it. Can you help? zachlatta, where are you based? I'd like to talk more. As a suggestion, I think you should consider clarifying that this is not another Silk Road. The name suggests that :) Craig, on another note: I am based in SF, and I'd like to get in touch with someone at Coinbase (I am writing a book on Bitcoin). Can you help? Hey AlisdairO, great work!! Any way to get in touch with you? My email is in my profile. Sergey Brin's TED talk on Google Glass is the worst TED talk I've ever seen. Wondering how much he paid to be there. http://www.ted.com/talks/sergey_brin_why_google_glass.html It would be nice to see animations of Leonardo Da Vinci's many mechanical systems as well. I am not an expert in markets or finance, but this is my observation: a lot of inexperienced people owning BTC will sell when they see these sudden drops; experienced investors will be there, reaping the benefits and buying BTC at a "discount". It wouldn't surprise me if BTC will go back to 1,000 US$ and beyond just in a matter of weeks. This is NOT an investment advice, but I would buy some BTC now that the price is at approx. 600 US$, and keep it for a few months at least. Quick comment on Edit2: very nice of Coinbase to do this; and I can be almost certain that it would NEVER happen with a normal bank. Brian, well played. Keep up the good work. My guess is: 3,100 US$. I have a question that is related to how Coinbase deals with situations like the one on this thread: I have a Coinbase account, and I am verified with a Credit Card. This means that I can instantly buy bitcoins. What happens if they fail to get the money from my bank account 2-3 days later? Would they charge my credit card instead? It would be nice to let us know what's on the roadmap. I like the product, but I feel a bit blind on what you're going to add next. What a sad story. Which part of Europe was he from? I am not surprised that his father did not reply, but I'm sure that he appreciated your letter. Thanks patio11 (you're one of my favorite HN commenters, BTW :D). I found out that Japanese and Italian, as languages, have a lot in common in terms of pronunciation, and IT and JP speaking people have similar issues when trying to learn English. I will definitively tell my wife to look into this. We will always keep "some" Italian accent, don't worry :) Thanks tokenadult! We just bought it a few weeks ago! We'll use it more often :) Quick update for everybody: my wife is really grateful for all the advice, and thanks you all!! I am also very grateful for all your help. Same usual mistake: Google Glass is NOT a proper HUD (Heads Up Display), or a proper form of Augmented Reality. It doesn't project anything on the main vision area, but only on the little screen on the upper right side. Almost 100% agree with you. I would love #3. #6 is quite strange, though. I know, I know. But what if a brand EMBRACES transparency? Don't you think that people might start liking that brand? Icelandic people are nice... These guys could be first. I did the same as you, so far. But interesting details from pdeuchler. There's always something to learn every day. Thanks. Good suggestions. I live in California (SF). They allow me to see "in network" doctors (which, in general, is quite silly). LOL. LOL :) Feature suggestion: let me enter where I live, and offer me 2-3 great hikes that are X miles away. I'm surprised that nobody has mentioned "Brave New World" so far. IMHO, much closer to actual reality than 1984. Good to see you here, Solomon, and congrats for the good news! Patrick, big fan here - we also met in person once, in the Mission. Congrats on the milestone, and keep up the good work. Well done, pg. Agree. Hi there, here's my humble suggestions: 1. It is not easy to add 100,000$ in a year; it is relatively easier to have a long-term strategy to reach that goal over 3-5 years. It's not a sprint, it's a marathon. I say this because if you try and fail after the first year, you should keep doing it until you succeed. To be clear: it's easier if your goals become: +20k in 2014, +50k in 2015, +100k in 2016. 2. It really depends on where you live, how much access to capital you have, and what your skills are. 2.1: where you live influences how much you can earn as a freelancer (of course, you can always freelance online, no barriers), how much you pay in taxes, how much business you can find around you. If we assume that you can work online as a software developer and similar, than this doesn't apply. Taxation does, though. 2.2: If you have access to capital, you can try to start a company, and make it profitable; then, sell it. Hard, but if you succeed, you probably can add 100k or more to your income. 2.3: if you can easily "sell" your skills, consider freelancing or consulting, even though 100k more in a year means a TON of extra work. 3. You might want to build something that you can sell; if that's successful, the sales can eventually surpass 100k. Examples? An ebook (scales better than a physical book), a software. Problems I'd like to see solved: 1. I'd like to keep my photos and videos backed up, remotely, automatically; and have a much smaller (disk size) version of them on my computer; this way I can always consult my photo archive, but if I need the original photo, I can still get it from my online backup, from within the app/software. 2. I, too (like chegra), would pay to have someone help me buy clothes and dress better, but trust me this is a very hard problem to solve. 3. If I have a free weekend, I'd like a service that, based on my location, budget, and preferences, can suggest me 2-3 things to do with all details (fly to X and do Y, or drive to W and do Z, or drive to X, hike to Y, eat at Z, etc). Hope it helps. Try teamtreehouse.com - or, ping me, as I know 1-2 other companies that would gladly hire a talented person that wants to work a bit less. Unity and Mir have been two good choices. 1 BTC = 100,000,000 satoshis. Unfortunately that happens all the time... But it doesn't justify the fact that they did NOTHING to fix the issue. Watching it now. What's the most important takeway, pg? Ehehe nice one. Nothing to do with what I say. We're not talking about long-term inflation here... We're talking about an instant devaluation. Ha! South Park :) Hi there, this is Simone. Let me know if you have questions. No. It is an initiative led by an Icelandic citizen. The government has no involvement as of now. IF they claim their AUR and start spending it, it would be a huge deal. I had the same experience (went to Sri Lanka for ten days). It was great. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to make meditation a habit. Unfortunately, it would be relatively easy for anyone to find that transaction, even if he didn't want to disclose it. Don't look for Satoshi's wallet, look for the shopper's. Paul, YC is a very notable exception. You are on a league of your own, and the article acknowledges that. I also happen to agree. :) The Austin program has a great star: Jason Seats. I used to mentor for him at TechStars San Antonio, and I liked him so much that when he moved to Austin, I decided to mentor for him there. Amazing guy. Exactly true. An international tax lawyer who knows what an AMA is? I love you already. Very nice of you. I'm sure you enjoy Rome. Beautiful city. I am from Italy, but I live in San Francisco. Good point. Luckily, if you use an exchange, they should have sorted it out for you already. OpenTransactions (by Monetas) is trying to solve this problem at the root. Evil, but smart idea. :) Great point. Read http://ryancarson.com/ for a very different point of view. Hi Patrick. I think you should either give some guidelines, or ask for explicit suggestions about it. Great move, by the way. Happy to buy you a coffee and chat about it next time I see you in the Mission. Yes. 100% agree. Correct, that was the initial assumption. Wow, this is really great. From the creator of Wireshark, nonetheless :) Well done Loris. Agree https would be a good default. Truecar.com used to charge dealers between 400$ and 500$ for every deal that would close (sale). Since then, I believe that they changed it into a monthly subscription, or a combination of the two. The problem is that Truecar is yet another middleman, and yes, it's much better to sign up with a new email address because you will get all the spam in the world. It is much better to get "certificates" on Truecar with a fake name/email, then go to the dealer and say: give me this car for 500$ less, or I'll walk away. I didn't buy a car yet, but I got two real offers from dealers just like that. Truecar is a middleman... Middlemen tend to go away. I am not optimistic about their future. Seems like a good idea, but it's horribly presented :-) You should consider adding a TL;DR at the beginning, to explain what it is all about. Can you elaborate? I am a user, and I don't understand what you mean by that. I disagree - consider real estate agents: the buyer's and the seller's take home a total of 6% of the purchase price. If you were an agent, would you settle for, say, 300k, and take your 9k in your pocket, or would you fight a great fight to get to 310k? Commissions should be, in this example, zero until 270k, and then a big chunk of anything above that, to really incentivize the agent to do your best interest. Same for book agents. I self published two books for this reason. To be clear, I'm not saying that agents are ALWAYS bad. I am only saying that commissions are not designed to serve the author's best interest. Surprised that this one didn't get any comment so far. This is 100% contrary to popular belief. Another point that often surprises people is that most of violence occurs in the family, perpetrated by people that the victim knows extremely well. One day the interface will be on our retina. The form factor will no longer be relevant. This is a HARD thing to cope with. I've been through it once, and I lost much sleep over many nights just because of it. Especially the first time, you have NO idea on how to deal with it. I can say that the best advice is to do nothing UNTIL you talk to your lawyer, and I can confirm that YOUR lawyer means the one YOU pay. Try to stay calm. Things like this take months, sometimes even years, to unfold. Good luck. I've been talking about this for years with friends. I bet on Singapore. (I lived there 2.5 years and know the place a bit). I've been "stalking" patio11. :) Unless the drug "Soma" exists (from Huxley's Brave New World). Sam, tokenadult is by far my most favorite commenter on HN. In fact, I'm not alone. Huge karma. That is one reason. The other reason might be that a few people upvoted his comment, and that's why it's on top. Of course you might disagree with the ranking, but ranking is there to give us an idea of what the whole community thinks. Wow. Reminds me of Kitty Genovese. We humans are really weird sometimes. Nice essay. The "small stuff" that you mention has a function - to enable a society. If you don't shave and shower, you will look terrible, and for biological reasons people will think that you're nuts, that's you're an outliar, and expect strange things from you. It is not necessarily too bad, per se. However, I argue that balance (some small stuff, but not too much, so you have time for important stuff) is better than being a great, smelly procrastinator. +1. I couldn't agree more with you. AirBNB, Uber are my top two names. There are others. He learned it while studying in Florence I guess. The more I read about Myrvhold, the more I don't like him. Seems like a billionaire who needs to find a way to define himself. Solomon, as always, brilliant and to the point. Keep rocking!! I used to work at Amazon too. The 100$ year credit is actually up to 10% of your purchases, so you need to buy at least 1,000$ of stuff in order to get that 100$ credit. Given than Amazon earns money from selling stuff, they probably not even lose money with that 100$ credit. It's simply a ridicolous perk. I hated these things at Amazon. Others were interesting and nice. I've been trying to get in touch with your CEO - could you be of help? @simon on Twitter, you find my email there. Thanks :) It would not be the first time that this happens in history. :) Unfortunately, this is true. Yes, but at the same time, this is not a trial or an execution. Let's not bee too harsh (some of the comments above clearly are). I am not able to add a city - I can open the spreadsheet but it's not editable. Wrong - walking, or any sort of physical activity, reactivates your metabolism. If you go from 0 to 1 hour of walking per day, your metabolism would burn way more than 100 calories. I'm very sorry for Argentinians - I've been there last year, visiting relatives (I'm from Italy, and my grand aunt moved to Argentina in the 50s - she was a bit over 20 - to escape an arranged marriage in Italy, and came back only in the 80s). Argentina is a beautiful country, with problems that are very similar to the ones that we have in Italy - but different scenarios, and different economies. I see this as an opportunity to consider adopting Bitcoin as a national currency, and stop being hostage of 1) banks, and 2) corrupt government officials. I don't know if it would work... But I hope so. jnoller, do you work for Rackspace? Don't worry too much about typos, they happen. When it goes to these things, I love Germany. I wish more countries were so respectful of human rights. Patrick, nice effort, and I wish you and your team all the best. I am writing a book on Bitcoin and I'd like to have a chance to discuss your initiative in person. My email is easy to find. How can I, instead, get in touch with you directly? simone.brunozzi then the weird character then gmail. Given that you have documentation, instead of simply accusing him, why don't you offer substantiated evidence? Otherwise, why should we believe you? I think it would be wise to let people invest now in order to acquire stellars later on - assuming more funding would be welcome by the foundation. I agree on the fact that Stellar is very promising. The cost of transaction might be an issue if one day 1 stellar > 20 USD or so (it becomes too expensive). Wondering if there is a way to fix it (other than simply merging multiple transactions), without having anything to do with the USD itself. Well, an interesting effect down below: tens of messages (as of this writing) of people sharing their username and sending money to each other. Sounds like fun. It also helps with HN's karma, which I'm sure was not intentional. However, I am curious about something else: these people below left a clear trace from their HN username to their Stellar username. What's Stellar's stance on privacy, and on anonymity? Well, that was my guess too. Sad that no good alternative has arisen. Reminds me a little of CloudAcademy.com and their tests. Good suggestions, drbawb. I tried Sysdig when it first came out - I don't claim to be an expert, but I believe that this tool is essential for any modern sys admin that is dealing with cloud environment (I was at AWS for 6+ years, now at VMware). I love that book, and I fully agree with your comment. Besides all the nice advice that others have added, I'll give you mine: talk to a lawyer, and have him send physical letters to the company, and to YC. The lawyer gives you two things: 1) He knows if you can be compensated for the damage; 2) It would give YC an opportunity to take care of this matter. Oh, and by the way: I don't know their side of the story, therefore I don't want to judge; however, it is very likely that they lied to you - letting someone go after two weeks is weird, and I don't believe that "it's not about you". Well done, Andrew! I particularly like your team photos. How long did it take to design the site, etc? Don't throw stones on me, but... Why on HN? (besides, I am as saddened as you are. I truly loved his as an actor and comedian - I just used his acronym scene from Good Morning Vietnam 4 days ago in a presentation I gave). Hey - if you are in the Bay Area, I'd like to see them in person. simone brunozzi at gggmmail. Seems interesting. I don't see mentions to CloudWatch, perhaps it is simply not in the index. I'm interested to hear what's everybody's take on how Docker compare/compete/integrates with virtualization (e.g. VMware, KVM, HyperV). It would be interesting if people here on HN have tried the course, to hear what they think about it. My understanding is that users are required to pay; why don't you offer a limited access for free, say for the next 24 hours? I'm sure that you would benefit from such feedback. Multiple clouds is the killer app - that's a key thing that nobody offers at the moment. Good starting point. I think it would be great (perhaps PPallemberg agrees) to have some advanced stuff as well - that's the hardest to understand well. Weird. Title has changed now - and I preferred the original one. degio knows Riverbed well :) (good to see you Loris) Agree, and I noticed it as well. It is weird because sometimes these changes are so obviously dumb. I think we still think about College with too much "baggage" in our minds. I am wondering if there's an even more revolutionary approach - for example, continuous education, where evaluation/tests are performed continuously. LOL. Did you use them? Are they trustworthy? I met Jeremy and the DataRobot team at Techstars Cloud (San Antonio, TX), where I was a mentor. You didn't need to be a genius to know that they were going to do well. Congrats for this series A! Easier to get to Europe, and seek a job in Germany. You being one of the founders, I found your HN username amusing :) I like that you're attacking a real problem. Good luck. I had the privilege to work at Amazon for 6 years, and Jeff Barr was my first manager. I convinced him to hire me through Second Life - read the full story here: http://brunozzi.com/2008/05/22/how-i-got-hired-by-amazoncom/ Jeff, congrats for this achievement! Looking forward to a 15 years anniversary soon :) Hi Solomon! I agree with prudhvis here - I think this is quite a nice add! Keep up the good work! It is not airborne, therefore it's much less dangerous than other viruses/diseases. Warning: The usual WSJ paywall. Thanks Hal Finney. You've done some good in the world. Hope to see you alive again. I am thinking about the 5.5". I have a Nexus 5 and an iPad mini. Marten is an amazing guy. I bet most of the price that HP will pay is to get him. What do you exactly mean? Link to full article? Sergey Brin, in my view, represents part of the problem here. Too powerful to be told that he's not delivering much. Sam, your voice sounds very irritating to me. Sometimes too fast, no "tempo". I think you should change the way you deliver your points to a classroom. (constructive feedback, not rant) I also don't agree that working on a startup should mean no work-life balance. There's a limit to how productive you can be, and working 90 hours/week is not going to make you more productive than working 45 hours/week. If you work too much, you'll do more mistakes. Ryan Carson, founder of TeamTreeHouse, can teach us a lot about it. http://ryancarson.com/ 100% agree. Pity. :( Where are you based? I'm Italian, living in SF. What's the best mosquito repellent? LOL. You are definitively right :) I think that assessing technical talent is fundamentally different than other types of talent, because technical stuff can be measured more effectively, and talent for writing code or designing and then implementing an architecture is also easier to measure than, say, social skills. However, there are other aspects that we should not underestimate: 1) How well this person works in a team? 2) What's his/her goal in life? Is he "done", and looking to "park" in a job until retirement? Or still very willing to learn a lot? 3) How professional is his work? I mean: does he write documentation, does he care about shipping software that is elegant and functional, etc. Etc. There are two companies that I admire for what they're doing in this field, at two different stages: Gild.com - a very unique approach to measuring technical talent, by using a proprietary algorithm that takes your github, stack overflow, etc, mixes all up, adds some juice, and voilà: you have a score. A successful, estabilished company. CloudAcademy.com - younger and smaller, they mix tech snippets, videos, and an amazing quiz system to assess your skills (currently focusing only on Cloud Computing stuff, e.g. AWS, Azure, Google Compute Platform, Rackspace, VMware vCloud Air). They also added practical labs. What's interesting is that after 20-30 minutes of assessing your skills, they get a very clear picture of what you know and what you don't, which I believe is very hard. (Disclaimer: I am an advisor and investor in the latter.) Help! On another, similar article, they have used one of my pictures, with me and my wife in it - http://www.euractiv.com/sections/competition/luxembourg-tax-... The only reason I think is because it was taken in front of the Amazon office in Luxembourg. Any suggestion on how to ask for removal, and possibly compensation for damage? Regarding Elon Musk, do you have a reference you can point to? Just curious. If you live in the Bay Area, I would be happy to give you 30-45 minutes of my time and listen to your situation. Sometimes these things can be better clarified/understood in person. I've been helped by HN members in many ways (mostly online though, and mostly indirectly), but in this case I feel compelled to "give back". I have a few years of mentoring experience, and I can safely promise that with whatever suggestion I will come up with, I won't make your situation worse :) [edit] just as a last thought, in case we won't meet - it seems that with such a short runaway, there's not much to do. The question you should ask yourself is rather this one: should I simply give up, or should I "regroup" and try again in a few months (e.g. with a short consulting gig in between, to get some cash flowing)? Thrun is no longer working at Udacity. It seems a doomed project at this point. Man, I can only say "thank you" for sharing your story. Very touchy. I hope you will recover soon. If the article is a paid Google advert (which might be), then "Someone1234" can also be a newly created anonymous HN account used by an Amazon employee. So, you are saying that you work for Google, and this is your view of Google Cloud Platform? Pretty strange to "bash" the company you work for - even if, in my humble view, this is honorable and PR should never give you a hard time for being honest like this (for me, Google just won points by having someone like you be so honest about his view). 100% agree with you, and in fact, as a proof, I didn't even know about Javascript Linux and I'm going to check it now :) LOL. Doxorcism is pure genius. :) Thanks a lot! By non-obvious, I meant things that I can't easily find on the internet by myself. +1! Very well said. I am in a very similar position, although at least a few months apart, if not more. Just out of curiosity: where you will build your company, and what will the company do? I like your openness. What's your role at Buttercoin? Also, how do you differentiate from Coinbase? Same story for me. Waited for too long, didn't work well, sent it back. Itching issues can be terrible to deal with. Since I was a teenager (which means, for the last 20 years), I've had issues with itchiness on arms and legs after having showers, especially with hot water, and especially during hot days. In some periods, the issues becomes quite irritating. Some other times, it rarely bugs me at all. I've never found a solution. The best thing to do is to put cold water on arms and legs for a few seconds. This makes the pores close, and somehow reduces the problem. It's never been a serious condition, but sometimes I get itchiness for 10-20 minutes, and sometimes - especially if I start scratching - it can be almost unbearable for several minutes. Is there anything like this for Japanese? Just Googled but didn't find anything interesting. Why is it called the Principle of charity? From what I read, it means assuming the best possible interpretation of the argument. But is that "charity"? I would have called it something different. I never get used to the hot+humid combination in Singapore. Very well said. Unless, of course, one option has a significantly bigger surface footprint than the other. Air travel is already terrible. No real improvement in the last 40 years. Flight times have actually increased (to save on fuel), and airlines are playing the trick of "let's make posted flight times longer than needed, so most of our flights we'll land in time". Thanks for the note - well done, by the way. Very interesting. > The "manually adds funds" flowchart block looks, to a banker, like a risk item. How does that work? Every hour or so, some clerk opens a safe full of USB sticks and takes one out? Now you have an insider theft risk. Did they copy one? Who has physical access? If you're operating 24/7, more than one person will need access. Exactly. > "Zhanggong district is Ganzhou’s administrative center and home to about 460,000 people. “There are at least 5,000 districts this size or bigger,” said Qiang Xiao, editor of China Digital Times (CDT), a news site affiliated with the University of California Berkeley that first reported on the emails." So, this means that China is home to at least 2.3B people??? The math doesn't add up. I live in the Mission and love it :) Then, please give me 30% of your salary right now. Within 1-2 years, you'll start a great company and you will thank me for this. This is a great list, thanks Patrick. The problem with these lists is that I never find time to go through them properly. #3 will be solved by Stellar.org (at least, that's what I believe). I doubt she'd be able to transfer her existing YouTube channel to the new subsidiary. She would need to start from scratch. I do not work at IBM, but from the outside, it seems that the Watson team is doing very well - and working on extremely interesting problems. I wish you the best. Kind of dark grey. I have enrolled - so far, Piazza seems a bit too spammy for my taste. When does the course start? Why do you say he has to revisit Bitcoin? Genuine question, just curious to hear your thoughts about his view. I know the founding team (3 out of 4 are Italians like me, all living in SF), and as a disclaimer, I am an early angel investor in the company. I have tried the product in its alpha version, and have followed the progress thus far. I think that what Luna is trying to achieve is extremely important. In fact, I have decided to invest because I thought that improving someone's sleep is going to have a huge impact in his/her life. I am not aware of any other product that is qualitatively similar to this. If there are, let me know :) Good luck, guys! Well done! +1 on the API. Waiting for patio11 to show up here :) And dealing with young kids, which sometimes is the same as dealing with some founders :) Me too. Make sure your severance is fair. If not, consult a lawyer ASAP. I agree. However, there's a HUGE need for a hub of some kind. Possibly, open for anybody to develop on top of it. Author here: to run a house for a week, one of Tesla's battery would not be enough; you would need a few. I guess I wasn't much clear on the post. That was Jason's assumption, not mine. :) Apple will NOT buy Tesla for $75B in 18 months - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9055177 Hi Chuck, that's a good point - but I guess we're still a few years away from cheap enough batteries. :) I didn't know that TSLA is "one of the most short sold stock in the world." What tool do you use to get this data point? Gigafactory's output will be 500,000 batteries per year, and it will be optimized for a specific cell which will be put into Tesla's car. Apple sells hundreds of millions of devices. I don't think they would ever plan to use part of that capacity for their own battery needs. Gigafactory's output is much more valuable if used to sell batteries to other car manufacturers, for their electric cars. Author here; I don't think it's misleading. There are factories in Japan which already produce several times Gigafactory's projected output. You are comparing apples to oranges. Power sockets? Of course, there are billions. Electric charging stations that can charge your car in a time comparable to fueling a gasoline car? Only experiments for now. Author here. The problem is that Jason's argument was very weak to start with. If you really want to install batteries in houses, that's going to be very expensive, AND you are not going to use the same type of batteries that you use for a car. Plus, there is no reason why Tesla can think of it, and other companies can't. But you get the snow! (I'm visiting Boston at the moment. Crazy). Can we still safely use TC 7.1a? I visited Arcosanti in February 2014. I have been a big fan of Paolo Soleri and his creation. However, when I was there for just half a day, my impression is that his original goal (5,000 people living in this community) will never be achieved. Numbers oscillate between 50 and 100, and don't seem to go up. There's something fundamentally wrong in how the project is supposed to scale. Very sorry to see this not growing the way he anticipated. The single thing that prevents me from switching from a Macbook to a Dell XPS is the Apple trackpad. Think about it. Ouch. "Resource Limit Is Reached. The website is temporarily unable to service your request as it exceeded resource limit. Please try again later." I guess the Hacker News effect. I used to call it the Slashdot effect back in the days. :) Even too much. Taxis at Sydney airport sometimes charge you 10% more for using a credit card. That's legalized theft, in my view. Water is a green house gas? Totally disagree. Their plan is probably to enable it at some point. Latency, latency, latency. Everything else is pretty much irrelevant at this point. Michael, interesting point of view. It seems that you are well versed into these things. What's your specific experience, and would you mind sharing some specific stories (without naming names)? jbk - where are you based in France, and can you tell us a bit more about your ideas? :) It should be "...ahead of its own IPO". Please, HN moderator, be nice today. I like you already :) I used to work at Amazon Web Services, and before I left I worked on a demo for their Amazon AppStream product. It licensed the PC-over-IP protocol http://www.teradici.com/pcoip-technology From what I know, Paperspace can't be successful without a heavy dose of similar technology. Did they develop something meaningful? Or do they just assume that it's going to work without it? I feel that passion is sometimes overrated. I see a LOT of people with a LOT of passion with their idea, but almost no ability to execute on that idea - which, by the way, sucks. So, even if passion might be seen in every successful startup, I bet it's not the most important trait. You see a lot of passion in many of the failures too. Andrew, it would be great if you write a detailed blog post about this. I bet that quite a few startups would love to follow you here. The title of Yahoo's article is actually misleading. It seems that Microsoft's CEO Satya Nadella is finally going to clarify the real revenues for Azure, while instead most of the article is speculation. In any case, my view (as an ex-AWS and current VMware) is that Azure's real consumption is tiny. Nowhere near the $5.5B that Microsoft claims. Argh! It sucks! I will be visiting Austin two weeks earlier. :( I come from Europe, where "getting fired" seems to have a slightly different weight for people, and I really need to ask this. Please assume I'm a total ignorant in this regard, and explain this to me like you would to a young teen. Why getting fired is seen as so bad? What's the difference in your view (in terms of perception) between being fired and being laid off? How can a company know that someone has been fired from the previous company? I work for vCloud Air too. Nice to see you on HN Matthew :) "We will start issuing the cards by the end of 2014." - well, they're late. Also, why can't we use an Estonian embassy anywhere in the world? Not really. A company is always way more complex. Salvatore, next time you should have everybody come to Sicily. Such a beautiful place. I would happily come. :) Hi Dave, I read that you were a CEO coach. I would be interested in knowing more about it. Can we have a quick email conversation? simone.brunozzi at gmail I always call it Twin Peaks. I guess it's wrong. I might sound silly, but the fact that I'm 37 years old caused a a strange feeling after reading this. Good to hear (no pun intended) that you have recovered your hearing, but sad that it's not going to last. Might I ask why? And I didn't even notice, so thanks for pointing that out. Agreed, great example. Your experience might be like that, but reading the comments above it seems that you are in the minority. So annoying. Click baits are literally ruining the browsing experience. I met the mayor once here in Silicon Valley, Ignazio Marino. Former world-class surgeon, who pioneered liver transplant from babboons. Brilliant person. I am Italian, living in San Francisco, and of course I keep following what's going on in Italy. I've never seen a politician as competent, and well intentioned, as this one. Rome is a political mess, and has been a mess for two thousand years, but there's some hope. Also worth a mention is Teamtreehouse and their "no manager" rule: http://blog.teamtreehouse.com/working-in-a-flat-company Author here. Why is it bad? Because it leads to no good? That's your view, and I disagree - understanding that this approach doesn't lead to results is actually a way to let people like him understand that results come from a different strategy. In this sense, saying that he's wrong DOES good to his cause. Linden Labs, the company that built Second Life, used to have a "Love machine", used to "give" love points to other co-workers (as a result of a good interaction or contribution). I found that concept extremely fascinating. I met Prof. Tanenbaum in 2008, when I pitched AWS (Amazon Web Services) to the university staff. (I was Tech Evangelist for AWS in EMEA at the time). I only knew about him because of his "fights" with Linus Torvalds, and because I've studied on a couple of his books (which I found excellent). Meeting him was a big surprise: extremely funny, friendly, provocative, very smart, and in general someone you could instantly like. I loved when he would think about something and just close one eye, raise the other one to the ceiling, and make one of the funniest faces ever. I felt so happy afterwards, for the honor of meeting him, and for the joy that derived from that attitude of his. I wish every professor was as enjoyable (and competent) as him. It depends. If you're "hot" in the market and/or if you have a big emergency fund, consider having a 1-2 month mini-sabbatical between jobs (you can even ask the new employer to postpone the starting date). You will never get a chance like that. Of course, it doesn't always work, it really depends on the situation. I am really tempted by the new XPS 13 (with possibly a dual boot Ubuntu/Windows) instead of a new Macbook Pro 13 retina. I know that a lot of info is out there. In your case, any comparable experience with Dell support? I wish the airline industry could do the same (for in-flight announcements, etc). I used to work at AWS too. Where were you? Seattle / support? I think HN should add a new item in the menu on top: NEW | THREADS | COMMENTS | SHOW | ASK | JOBS | SUBMIT | STARFIGHTER-STUFF :) dang, "reply" is not available for your reply to A07bei3s - I suggest it should, and not to start that conversation (agree it should be done separately), but in case someone would like to reply to you. Agreed. Take a look at what Sysdig ( https://sysdigcloud.com ) is doing. Free version, paired with an enterprise version with more features and support. The founder previously created Wireshark and adopted the same strategy. It worked (they were acquired by Riverbed a few years ago). I like to say that gold rushes make the showel sellers rich, not the gold seekers. Not that I disagree with you, or that I don't like your comment; however, I'd like to point out that the "lean startup" methodology was invented just a few years ago, based on many things that have been in existence for far longer, and that fighting a big tobacco company isn't necessary a "startup". Fascinating story. What's the best way to contact you in private (email)? Question for everybody: why would you choose a VPS over a "cloud" server (e.g. AWS, Azure, GCE)? Why vice versa? Do you know Cloudacademy.com / Codecademy.com / Teamtreehouse.com ? How would you compare with them? Ouch. This is terrible. Wondering why you're not actively hiring? Many startups today use AWS/Azure/GCP/Rackspace/etc to power their IT, especially when they just got started. When they grow at scale, some of them prefer to get back to owning hardware, or colocation. Others stay there. In your view, what are the main issues that cloud computing has? If you can, be specific about your use case. Thanks! Good point. Why do you think big cloud providers can't offer competitive solutions for startups at scale? Sad to hear about your situation. A very close friend of mine is in a similar one, and I see how his life is. It's hard. I always tell him he's lucky to have a lot of faith, otherwise I don't know how he would have coped with it (I wouldn't have been able to, in his shoes). Nice to hear that. Care to share a few more details on how you got to that position in the first place? That's a remote workstation, not really a server. You should keep these two separate. Bederoso, I really liked your balanced comment, versus MCRed's derogatory one. I have worked at AWS for 6+ years and left a little over a year ago, and I pretty much agree with all the corrections you made. I think Amazon is not an easy company to work at, mostly because engineers are squeezed like lemons but they don't benefit much from it. However, this can also happen at "cool" startups, or other large companies such as Apple. Also, a couple of things are lies (but every company has its own set of lies); AWS was never based on Amazon's extra capacity, but that's something that came out and stayed there for years. And also, the "large volume, low margins" is not true in the case of AWS. Other than that, I think that I will forever be grateful for the opportunity to have worked there; I've learned a ton and thanks to that I got a job I couldn't dream of ten years ago. Am I the first to mention how much I loved the Lancia Delta Integrale? Car of my dreams. My brother bought a Delta Integrale 1993 EVO in 1997 and kept it for a few years. I had the pleasure to drive it several times. What a beast. Bitcoin is NOT anonymous, it is pseudonymous [1], unless you use complicated things like Bitcoin mixers. [1] http://yro.slashdot.org/story/14/11/26/2121214/bitcoin-is-no... What do you use for that? What would be the best solution in 2015? The most interesting stories about Apple, or Amazon, or a few others, cannot be told in public. Most of these former employees feel legally threatened by their former employers, and that's what prevents them from sharing more. I wish there was a way. The fact that it's 3D printed is just an eye-catcher. You could have done the same without any 3D printing. Colin, when I was at AWS (6+ years, left in 2014) I was a big supporter of FreeBSD on EC2, and I did my part in convincing people that we should support you - happy to see that you are grateful for that, and thanks again for your support. Ben, I think you should write a blog post about your experience. Many of us would love to hear more about it, including me. I met with Yanis a bit over a year ago in Austin, to interview him for a book on Bitcoin that I haven't completed yet (too much work with my full-time job). He is clever, has a vast knowledge, and you're right, he "speaks his mind". Rare, but valuable. I love the Paul Gilmartin quote. I'm originally from Italy, now live in the US, and I couldn't agree more. (I also understand that the quote it's not that much about Italy per se, but I still like that reference). "Given what some other people survive on I doubt you'll get the opportunity." - yep. He recently gave a very inspiring TED talk. That's how I've got to know about Semco. http://www.ted.com/talks/ricardo_semler_radical_wisdom_for_a... Imagine to have enough money to be able to buy a sizable chunk of land, anywhere on earth. Imagine also that you wanted to create a nation from scratch, and maybe invent a new crowd-sourced constitution, laws, etc. Assume that great powers wouldn't see this as dangerous (otherwise, your story will be very short). What would you do? Sometimes I dream of owning an island and creating a new nation where rules make sense and people live in relative harmony. I think such a world shouldn't be too hard to design, but rather very hard to "bootstrap". I know it's only a fantasy, but today I was wondering what would you do to create such a nation. Thoughts I had so far: 1) pick an existing small nation and convince a faction to declare a secession. 2) pick an existing small nation, become its president/ruler, and de facto apply your new rules to a pre-existing nation. 3) 2) pick an existing small nation, become its president/ruler, and rule that a chunk of the country will become a separate country alltogether. 4) Buy an abandoned island or offshore oil platform, and find a loophole in the diplomacy system which will later allow you to declare your territory as an independent nation. 5) Claim that a certain territory has sovereign status based on its past (e.g. an Indian reserve in the US territory, possibly the example less likely to succeed of all places). 6) A few other thoughts that I just abandoned as they are plain impossible. You know? You're absolutely right. And words are important. A and B went to offer this together. If B ran away with the money, A is responsible as well. A lawyer might help. Next time, A, pick your partners more carefully. Sorry, but this is the real world. I understand if you feel screwed, but get your things together and fight to make things right, one way or another. And remember, if Kickstarter is really one of the issues, I give you one word: lawyers. You should get in touch with CloudAcademy.com as well. If you'd like, let me know (easy to find my email by googling my name). The title says "PizzaHut still serves it's first Homepage". From the (British) English grammar I studied in Italy, it should be "its" instead of "it's", and I remember seeing a debate about it a while ago. Can someone enlighten me? What's the right form? What about Simplivity? Do you have any experience/opinion on them? Today we use AWS, Azure, Digital Ocean, etc. Each one of them is based on principles that were innovative 8-10 years ago. If you were to design a brand new Cloud Computing company, what would you do? Which problems of today's platform/services would you try to solve? Examples of what I've heard over the years: 1) Cloud computing becomes expensive at scale 2) Lock-in 3) Inability to run the same Cloud Computing platform in-house Jason is brilliant. It is VMs, not physical machines. MCRed, I used to work at AWS too. It would be nice to get in touch. How can I contact you? Third world? In 2009, a "mild" earthquake (5.8 to 5.9 on Richter scale) hit L'Aquila, in the Italian region of Abruzzo [1]. I assume we all agree that Italy is a first world country. Well, 308 people died, among which dozens of young kids in a school that has been built cheaply - the usual consequence of corruption. A real estate developer, hearing the news that an earthquake hit L'Aquila, LAUGHED on the phone with a colleague, happy for his new perspective business. [2] (note: Google Translate does a decent job, but when you read "Eagle" it means the city of L'Aquila). The world is f&*ked up everywhere, not just in third world countries. And sadly, no technology can fix human stupidity, amibition, and search for power and money. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_L%27Aquila_earthquake [2]: https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&tl=en&js=y&pr... For me, when a previous employer hired a lawyer to send me a letter to clarify certain things (it was related to non-competition and non-solicitation). What's yours? That's a sad story, and I'm happy that you were able to get things fixed eventually. I always have a little safety net for situations like yours, even if I of course hope they will never happen to me. I always like when there's a good, practical example of how to use a service. Also, Python seems to be one of the most popular languages among AWS users (disclaimer: I used to work at AWS). I was born and grew up in Assisi, in the heart of Umbria, the Italian region where Cucinelli is from, and where his company is located. I visited the company twice, and I am good friend with someone who is very close to him. I know many details, some of which I won't reveal as I don't know if they are supposed to be revealed; but in general, I have a very high opinion of Brunello Cucinelli and his work. One thing that I particularly appreciate is the fact that he tries to "elevate" his workers, from a cultural standpoint, at every occasion. Years ago, when tensions between Christianity and Islam were rising, Brunello gave a Koran as a present to everybody, saying something like "we should know them better; if we do, we will stop being racists and we will understand that we are all human beings". He invests millions of euros a year in cultural projects, or invites famous actors or thinkers or philosophers to give a lecture to his workforce. Another episode that I love is that, when the company does well financially, he voluntarily decides to distribute thousands of euros to each employee as a present. I have never bought any of his product, as they are extremely expensive. I know several people which own his cashmere, and they all rave about it. If you like to invest thousands of euros in clothing, then his products are fine. My upper threshold has been in the few hundreds, and only for a few selected ones. Last, but not least, everybody talks about and knows Tuscany, but Umbria is really a hidden jewel. As always, when you visit Italy or any other foreign country, keep your eyes open, as there's always someone trying to take advantage of you, especially if you're American or Japanese (trust me, American or Japanese tourists are considered to be the "easiest" to take advantage of). If you like Brunello's style of management, you should also read about Adriano Olivetti. If Olivetti didn't die prematurely, there would be a non-zero chance that instead of talking about Intel today, we would be talking about Olivetti. Where do you live, David? And I guess you're not Italian? Drop me an email (just go to my twitter profile, @simon), I'm curious to hear your story :) Are you sure? The idea seems intriguing, to say the least. Hello, HN. Author here. Let me know if you have questions. It depends. Some technologies are adopted virally, some others need more effort to "spark" interest. In the latter case, you need an evangelist quite early. Livestream is here: http://www.teslamotors.com/livestream At least we know that the product will be called Powerwall. On a side note, there might be a reason why MOST live streaming event start late - it provides a sense of scarcity and drives more views. I am not saying that it is happening in this particular case, but I know for a fact that it is a technique sometimes used/tested by professionals; I don't know how often though. You either say "the Venus of Milo" (English), or you say "Venere di Milo" (Italian). "De" is Spanish and has nothing to do with its name. I am in support too. The problem is that most companies take implicit advantage of data obfuscation. Some people would ask to be paid more if they only knew. It is great for employees, but not all companies are ready to do that, and I would guess most would not surive the moment of truth. A friend of mine just told me that: California labor code 232 prevents employers from refraining employees from disclosing wages. Not that I want to dismiss his contribution, but sometimes there are huge tax implications behind these donations, and I know of at least one occurrence where a half-billionaire SAVED money by donating some to charity. No income tax is because you live in Wyoming, or because you don't work and therefore don't earn a salary? Here: "Passcard is a decentralized, blockchain-based identity system." -> This should be their tag line. When I get to the payment page, part of the text is in Estonian (apply.e-estonia.com, Politsei- ja Piirivalveamet Pärnu mnt 139,Tallinn). I fly United about 70 times per year. I use them all the time. And yet, understanding the myriad of acronyms is just plainly annoying. Also, their program is getting worse year after year, including arbitrary inflation of your miles in the order of 50-70% each 18-24 months. This is great. Thanks for sharing. What's your view on Docker vs rkt? What about the OS license? Did he buy it separately? I tried FOVE during one of their demo events here in San Francisco. Simply amazing. 1) Self-driving cars by 2017: 4 years ago I have "predicted" (with friends) that Singapore will be the first nation to fully embrace self-driving cars. The impact on real estate costs, and how people spend their time, will be huge. 2017 is just around the corner; I doubt that we will see a significant metropolitan area adopt self-driving cars as Ray suggests. Perhaps 2018 or 2019? 2) Personal assistant search engines by 2018: I think there will be the rise of a personal AI that will help us do many things and act as the main interface to the connected world; ONE thing this AI will do is help us perform search engines. Ray implies that this will happen in 2018. I have no idea. It seems extremely hard. I would guess 2020 or 2021? 3) Switch off our fat cells by 2020: I am scared by this. The reason is simple: there are huge economic interests around health and nutrition, and any medicine that can seamlessly help people reduce their fat and become lean is so dangerous. What will the implications be for our health? 4) Click and print designer clothes at home by 2020: I think Ray is wrong here. The ability to print clothes that have the same quality/design/motives of normal clothes is quite hard. Perhaps it will work for simple ones. 5) Full-immersion virtual realities by 2023: Wow. VR seems to be exploding these days. Just today FOVE launched their Kickstarter campaign ( https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fove/fove-the-worlds-fi... ), and it's an example of a real innovation in the field (eye tracking). However, full immersion would essentially require the ability to connect directly with the brain. Hmm... 2023? Don't know. Maybe not. 6) Vertical agriculture: why? Why should vertical agriculture take off and represent a substantial % of food produced? 7) 100% of our energy from solar by 2033: impossible. First, nuclear plants and hydroelectric plants serve some purposes in addition to simply generating electricity (military, energy storage, hydro management). Second, producing enough solar panels to meet demand WILL SIMPLY NOT BE POSSIBLE by 2033. I would more reasonably say 2045. 8) Stay young forever by 2040: well, if this is true, and if I'm still alive by 2040, I will be 63 years old, and I will never die. What a fascinating, intriguing, and scary thought. For some reason, I have big doubts on the feasibility of making this happen by 2040. I do believe though that rich people will have access to some form of DNA alteration tools that will help them achieve something very remarkable - perhaps close to the "staying young forever" promise. I wish that, by 20XX, the world would be a better, fairer place. Inequality is becoming a huge concern for me, and the power of megacorporations and the control that they have over us is also a concern. I really wish we would measure our progress mostly by this, and not simply by looking at technological advancements. TeamTreeHouse is even better - a 30 hour workweek. http://blog.teamtreehouse.com/work-less Andrea, great work - as always. I really enjoyed your Part I too. I think it would be useful to create a video series describing it, as a different way to consume it - perhaps with a gentler learning curve. Great job on the Arch kernel. Hopefully it will become a proper, fully fledged project and people will start heavily contributing to it. I don't like it. I really don't understand why they don't offer a 16 GB RAM version of the XPS. I'm sure you meant "every quarter" or "every 3 months". And I upvoted yours for the same reasons :) Apologies, they actually have also their own Data Centers, and what I wrote earlier (below) is wrong. Assuming that this is what they mean, "3 data centers + 2 clouds (Google, AWS)" -> The "+" should be substituted with "across" -> 3 data centers across 2 clouds (Google, AWS) That's a great story. I'm curious about Arabic now - can you tell us more? Well, you should. I am a Mac user too, but Mac OS is getting worse and worse... I am NOT going to switch to Windows 10 for now, but I am thinking about it more and more. What I really HATE about things like this one is that United will not refund us (I was heavily affected yesterday), or will offer offensive amounts of dollars/miles as refund. Because you don't spend time driving in traffic, you get from A to B way faster, and if properly designed you pollute much less. I love what the Stellar.org people are doing. It would be interesting to consider a hardware device that would act as a wallet, with a SIM card that would enable it to communicate transactions through SMS/text messages. In my view, the biggest issue with Stellar.org, or any other crypto currency trying to solve the "unbanked" problem, is the last mile. Oh, and don't forget this: "Chat with Iris and Bartek—the devs who worked on Interstellar — this Thursday, June 11, at 9am PST in #dev on our public Slack" Cache from Google (site unreachable at the moment): http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:8O3HvdU... Your availability to answer stuff here is really nice. Thanks for this. It is (was) great for Ireland, though. That's how they attracted tons of (large) tech companies to Ireland. It's the perfect match: low corporate tax, no incentive for people to go away and do their own startups, which means you can get paid less as there as less alternatives for you. Very smart play by Ireland. Then, the EU went back to them and told them they couldn't keep doing this, and very soon (is it 2016?) they will rack up corporate tax and make a fortune. And if you're Google, you built a large office and hired thousands of people, you're not going to leave anytime soon. In my view, it's a great and simple short term fix, waiting for more volumes and bigger bucks to get involved. I like it. I play Dota 2 every once in a while. Fun game. I never played League of Legends (LoL), which seems to be more popular, just because I've read that they look very much alike, and I can't really afford, time-wise, to learn another game at all. Interesting to see if someone plays both and has any comment on how they differ. I lived in Singapore for 2.5 years. The single most important reason for me to leave was... Are you ready to laugh at me? The weather. Not just the weather per se, but all that follows. No outdoor activities (unless you want to profusely sweat), no strolling around (unless you are ok with sweating), etc. Other than that, Singapore is a great place and rapidly rising. Some aspects of how the government handle things might be debatable, but the results are way better than in any other "free democracy". And reality is that democracies are not what we think they are. They're not free, and money rules. Jonathan Heiliger launched the OpenCompute initiative while at Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/notes/facebook-engineering/building... I had the pleasure to meet him now that he is a VC at Vertex Ventures. Very smart and nice guy. What would be the best "out-of-the-box" alternative to this one, though? Amen. And upvoted. Made (and open-sourced) by the smart guys at Mashape.com. Thanks for doing this. Correct. That book, over time, changed a lot of things. They should put solar panels on wind turbines then :) This is something I wrote about it a while ago: https://medium.com/@simon/the-not-so-brave-yogurt-of-iceland... I still don't like that the first impression a consumer has is that the yogurt is made with milk from Icelandic cows, while in reality it's American cows. I would immediately hire you - just based on what I read. Seriously. I hate stereotypes, and not allowing people to differ from the average. I also don't drink alcohol, and I don't watch TV or sports. Every time someone says something cryptic I assume it's baseball-related, and I'm right about 40% of the time. I was just going to write it, then I saw that you did already. Nice one :) For Brian: On Dec 13th, 2012, I wrote the following email to you, after having applied for a “Head of Community” position at AirBnB. I didn’t get any reply either. Note that I cannot claim I became the big success that AirBnB has after these “rejections”, but it still surprises me that you or your org didn’t even wanted to talk to a Technology Evangelist from AWS. I guess you did a similar type of mistake with me. "Hi Brian, I know you’re busy, therefore I’ll keep it short. My name is Simone, I work in San Francisco for Amazon Web Services, and I’m interested in becoming the Global Head of Community at Airbnb. I think I have what it takes to be successful in that role, and I’m a big fan of Airbnb. Let me know if we can discuss, or if you want more details. Have a great day," I'm wondering why the downvotes - can someone care to explain? I'm honestly curious on why. And what about this sentence then? "Note that I cannot claim I became the big success that AirBnB has after these “rejections”" Thanks. I think what you say makes sense, as far as how my comment might be perceived. You got a point. I actually tried with him, with Joe, and with the recruiter - multiple times. I didn't insist as much as you suggest, perhaps due to the fact that my Visa back then (L1) didn't allow me to work for them in the US, and my green card was still several months away. Thanks. Makes sense - you substitute trying directly yourself with trusted referral, which seems to be a good proxy. Thanks for the suggestion, but I've actually tried Zocdoc and didn't find it particularly helpful, aside from these type of doctors that can have many patients and therefore statistical evidence of them being good can emerge. The idea was not crazy. Before AirBnB came to be, a "free" version of it, called Couchsurfing, already existed. Hat tip to the AirBnB guys for finding a way to make money out of that idea. Great job! I wish I had serious time to play with it (and that I sucked less at this stuff) I also suck at finding the time for this too! :) You are wrong on the Saudis: lowering the price of oil had the main effect of making most energy alternatives less interesting in the near future, effectively buying them some extra time. It also had the effect of making fracking too expensive, but I bet they didn't care much about it. I have to say, I'm pretty disappointed by Coinbase on this one. The GitHub repository comparison is almost a joke (why Paypal?), and the increase in transaction might actually be caused by a lot of small financial operations (speculations) rather than real increase in usage. To be really honest, we should instead say that, despite 100s of Millions of dollars poured into the Bitcoin ecosystem, things are not taking off. There's no sign of real bitcoin adoption. Merchants using it are usually very disappointed by the sales made in Bitcoin. Being real about what's going on is the first step to try to improve the situation. Congrats Matteo! Well done :) There might be multiple factors: how much you pollute to produce them (much less, considering that there is almost no metal involved, unlike with traditional tires which have alloy wheels); how much they get consumed by usage, compared to traditional tires; how much they pollute to dispose of them. The hard thing about giving up a Mac is their excellent touchpad. I tried the XPS one and it's nowhere near. "Let's talk about a hypothetical public-facing service that offers tools for collaboration, revision control, and software publishing." - it was hard not to notice that he was referring to SourceForge. :) I don't really understand how a small drone can represent a problem for a helicopter, particularly if the helicopter comes from above. Really. Can someone explain? Despite this, however, I of course agree on the fact that irresponsible behavior is to be condemned.