Duh. What is a user supposed to think? If the cert can't be verified, the page should fail to load - the web site is broken. If company X can't figure out certificates, how is a user supposed to? If the API headers are copyrighted, wouldn't any program that uses them be a derivative work? In that light, every Java program is infringing. Every program on earth would be infringing something wouldn't it? I have to agree here. The default would be to dispose of his body in a traditional way. There could be arguments about burial or cremation or maybe some other tradition I don't know about, but no one thinks of thin-slicing the head as any kind of default in todays (or yesterdays) world. I find the question of how this got approved almost as interesting as the original story. I can only think of 3 ways to decide: 1) prior consent from a parent 2) just ask him even though his brain is not normal 3) politics. Debating the legitimacy of #2 is really just going with option #3. I was going to ask that same question but decided to read all the other comments first. That practice should be illegal IMHO. That is altering content. Creating derivative works? It'd clearly be anti-competetive if the replaced others ads with their own. I've been waiting for that and Built-in TV tuner for years. I don't think the carriers want that because you don't use their expensive data then. I'm on republic now, so I don't use carriers data anyway and TV would be great. Also as a special interest, allowing that FM tuner to go a little higher in frequency could pick up the aviation frequencies - every pilot would want one (that's not a huge market). It also looks like you need a different cartridge to measure each of those 5 things which would be terrible. Who nominated this former lobbyist for the FCC spot? And who voiced/voted their approval? Voters should know. The existence of the LGPL has always seemed liked a solution to what would otherwise be a grey area to me, and I thought FSF thought that too. Not sure they come down clearly on the one side. I know some of the Linux kernel people think that way too. Interesting. And a long history of not becoming wide spread. From TFA "Russell said he and his team had engineered the virus to make it more suitable for cancer therapy." I just assumed the term "suitable" really meant "profitable" but some of the comments indicate it was modified to target the cancer better (how so?). It seems the cost of trials and approvals is too high for a naturally occurring virus, so everyone wants to customize them so they become patentable. But we're talking about people who have been told "this disease is going to kill you." If a treatment causes even 5 percent of them to be cured, how is that not significant? What if 40 percent have tumors shrink? Remember, any reversal of the disease is a good thing. If you're just measuring a statistical increase in life span (say 3 years treated vs 1 year placebo), I'd say you're not really aiming high enough. If you've got something with real promise you'd know it without a control group. The person in this article is exactly such a case. He says "As housing prices rise, affordability gets worse when incomes fail to keep pace and interest rates move higher." which is just not accurate. Home prices vary inversely with interest rates. Increased rates would lower home prices. The problem is that would put people under water just like it did in 2008 when they jacked rates up (this triggered the crisis but was by no means all that was involved). Rates are at an all time low which has re-inflated the bubble to near peak levels. With crazy lending practices stopped, most people can't buy at these prices. Interest rates can not be raised at anything but a snails pace without causing another crash. The fed can't even stop buying treasuries or the increased yeild will blow the federal budget (an election is coming too) and kill the stock market. They're backed into a corner and trying to creep out ever so slowly. So what is the play today? The US is backed into a corner. Interest rates are near zero (Fed fund rate) and they're buying $75Billion in bonds a month to keep interest rates low. That was $85B and was supposed to taper, but as soon as they dropped a little bit mortgage rates rose and home sales dropped again - the housing market is at another peak with the low interest rates with nowhere to go but down. They keep hoping to get some inflation going by pushing on that rope and it's just not happening. All the money is going into stocks. If we do get significant inflation they'll have to raise rates and destroy the housing market (worse than last time). So we're on the brink. It's hard to short stocks when they're rising so fast - one who could time this thing could make Soros' gain look like lunch money. What is the play? I assumed we'd be comparing to the predicted outcome from no treatment, but I suppose if you wait until Hospice time there's not going to be much success with even the best virus compared to doing nothing. Which raises other questions about just how long and at what cost we try to delay the inevitable. So you claim to be a decent programmer, but haven't been working a traditional job in years because why? You claim to be smart but don't know the value of maintaining a basic financial safety net. It won't be hard to bail you out, but this should not be happening in the first place. Let it be a lesson to others. Or is this just a fake? I strapped a display to my face with full 6 DOF head tracking and played Dactly Nightmare in a bar circa 1994. My Fiance shot me. My head bounced down the stairs. Big screens up above allowed all the people gathered round to watch from either of our perspectives. Fuck off Apple you didn't invent any of this. Notice what how the list of claims starts: 1. (canceled) For the wordsmiths out there, you can visit Websters actual house at Greenfield Village in Dearborn Michigan, along with a number of other historic buildings. Note: I didn't say "home" because that's not where the house - nor any of these buildings - originally was. However, they are well preserved and all in one place. Mr Ford's idea of a history museum was rather unique. Usually the claims build upon previous claims. You start out with the general and move on to the specific, often citing previous claims with language like: 4) An unumthingamajig as in claim 1 with added... to... Deleting one of the early claims is likely to remove the foundation from some of the later ones. But sure, we mustn't judge based on what's no longer there. The noob never saw a person get married and change both their last name and email address. There is no such thing as a "natural key" that can never change, that's why auto-incrementing integers are used. Also, users should not rely on the keys being monotonic. That's a very nice detailed line-by-line confirmation that they were doing their job to the letter of the law. But you make no comment on the notion that the UK may have modified these devices to spy on the Guardian and needed to destroy the evidence. Of course that isn't your job, and because it would probably be illegal (IDK UK law about that) you couldn't prove it either way. Just sayin' wxPython is a big one for me. But it looks more like it's dying altogether rather than not getting ported to 3. "I personally think backwards compatibility and gradual change - evolution, not revolution - is the way to go." I'm gonna guess that you're not new to C++. I say new because people who have been following it and picking up all the changes along the way often can't see the forest for the trees. That forest is ugly. It's not you, that's how I read it. All I get from following the links in the comments is a blue button to turn ON some google feature. Have I avoided opting IN to something nasty thus far? I've heard of it, but there has never been an official release. I was looking forward to it for a couple years but I've given up. Shouldn't they take them to court first? At what point does "give me money or else..." become extortion? Does it matter if they phrase it "I'm going to... but you can prevent that by paying me now." Can they answer the question "Which architecture is most efficient?" Let us not forget the downsides of the artificial sweeteners, and the phosphoric acid in a lot of these drinks. Even worse, the link goes to some dude who copied the blog so he could get page views instead of the author. HN posts it with a link to his page, not hers. He doesn't even talk about it, just "hey this is cool I'm gonna repost it so I get hits." If the cabin is pressurized why would they need suits? Did SpaceX ever say anything about this? Imagine the operational cost savings of not needing them for anything but space walks outside the station. I think Elon looked extra uncomfortable inside the thing with the control panel in front of him. He seemed eager and relieved to get out. I got the impression he doesn't like confined spaces. It's amazing how little propellant is needed for landing vs getting to orbit. It's probably better to have a larger screen further away, particularly for older people who can't focus close up any more. That occurs some time in your 40's for you youngsters who may think "older" means quit a few more years than that. Actually, it doesn't belong anywhere. In the book "Women's Infidelity" the author makes a compelling argument that a lot of relationship issues today stem from the double standard society uses to shame womens sexuality. Promiscuous men are revered, while women are shamed. There's a LOT more to it and it's really interesting reading. Society is a changin' and this language needs to go, not just on tech sites. Cap and trade is stupid. It's a form of "carbon credits" designed to create a market for the likes of wall street while allowing for politics to also play a role. The simplest thing to do is TAX the carbon coming out of the ground (oil or coal) or coming into the country. This cost will automatically be passed on to whomever uses that fuel in direct proportion to how much the use. However, we continue to subsidize some carbon producers, so you can clearly see that reducing emissions is NOT the primary agenda here. Don't encourage this way of thinking too much. The gnome folks seem to think "hot corners" are awesome because they are easy to hit with a mouse. The problems is that they are also making something that looks like a touch interface, where the corners are awkward if at all possible to hit. Not to mention they lack visual ques. That said, the w95 start button probably should have extended to the corner. Two things. 1) Change password screens want you to enter the new password twice so that a typo doesn't end up in your password and prevent your own access in the future. If you copy/paste you will be copying any typo and circumventing this mild protection. 2) The whole time I kept thinking this forces people to type their password which makes it an easy target for key loggers - which are AFAICT designed to snif user credentials. Why would you want to extinguish it? Why yes, yes it does. But it's complex. The rule for embedded C is to never call malloc() or free(). You manage everything because heap fragmentation could lead malloc() to fail and then your system crashes. So given that, reference counting would seem to use more space for the same set of variables which would be bad. OTOH, the pause that may occur while collection happens can be fatal to such a system. The trade here is memory use vs non-deterministic run time. I'll take the memory use any day in such a system. Eventually you will not be able to _purchase_ a movie or a book. There will be commercial and non-commercial and then they'll start trying to outlaw non-commercial because it hurts the economy. Read "The Right to Read" by RMS. So never mind back porting. Can the implementation be extended to 100 percent compatibility without losing the benefits? In other words, could it replace cpython? But Google likes to read your email so they can target ads. Even they don't want you to encrypt on the client. My daughter has been identifying sarcasm since she was 5 or 6 years old. At 8 she's really good at it. While non-trivial for machines, this problem is not really as advanced for people as it may seem. Where did he make this statement? I doubt it had anything to do with ego as the blog suggests. Once things get to production there can be a managerial aversion to any change due to the amount of tracking/process involved. Someone probably got an ego boost from getting the fix into production in spite of the process by circumventing it. The big issue is not so much that they violated the part release process - which is bad, but that the severity of the issue did not get elevated to the point that it would cause a recall. This in spite of having some very fine safety analysis people. "The O(n) extra-space required by mergesort isn't always available." Heapsort The larger question: All platforms seem to eventually converge on icons to some extent. What I see here is that the concept of sharing is new, and I don't think that's limited to computer uses. We live in a very competitive world where we consume, buy, compete. Sure we share things, but we discriminate in the physical world. I think the notion of sharing non discriminately with ALL our connections is fundamentally new and this is contributing to the lack of a standard symbol. The number one ant-pattern is DON"T CREATE YOUR OWN LICENSE. To me there is GPL, BSD, MIT - and I'd have to read to discern the later two. MPL and Apache are there if you want a variation on the main ones. Everyone else creating a new license has some kind of agenda. This was apparent to a lot of us when SUN put out their license AND required assignment. Let me say that again. If you're not using one of the top 5 licenses you've got an agenda and may as well go home. Some speculation: This is necessary to close a deal on the huge battery plant. Not sure why I didn't think of this immediately given the timing. Reason? The partner(s) want to sell all the capacity even if Tesla can't buy it all, and they want everyone to know there won't be any issue buying Tesla batteries. Linked-In used to put up a message wanting to "verify" my email address and ask for a password. I made it a point to never ever give them my email password because I thought they'd help themselves. Anyone know if they do? I also gave my linked-in account it's own password in case they might try do something crappy like trying to get at my email assuming its the same password. It's not just them, half the apps on Google Play want access to my contacts, texts, and/or location - stuff the app itself has no use for. Has anyone made a processor that speculatively executes both branch options? I guess good simulations would show weather that or branch prediction is better. In my area they don't even advertise download speed any more. It's "the fastest in-home WiFi" because it doesn't matter how fast data get to your home, it's how fast it gets from one room to another.... OP here. I'm kinda glad it didn't make the front page too, but some stuff from the other side has made it there so I figured what the heck. I find the comments here on HN interesting - attack on him for length of presentation, failure to address ocean acidity, not being a climate scientist (not in the club, so screw him) and such are mostly what you get anywhere else. The guy presents data, but nobody talks about the data - as usual. I would say the HN comments are better than the internet at at large, but not as much better as I had hoped. I thought this was more of a data analyst looking at data. He does have harsh words of the other side, but if you've ever heard him speak he does the same with his peers in aerospace. http://www.choosemyplate.gov/downloads/mini_poster_English_f... It's still the square meal from the 1970's with some small adjustments. Eat a small plate that looks like that. The meat portion should be 4 ounces or so. I always liked the 68000 and wished IBM had chosen it instead. It was a real 32bit chip and I still have an instruction set book for it dated 1979. And we shall continue to get repeats until someone actually forces the lower courts to get their shit together or go home. It sounds like 7nm and 5nm are entirely feasible, but nobody is prepared to spend $10Billion on the fab until they're sure they've got (close to) the best solution. Also, I feel like the whole industry is getting a bit lazy. The big foundries are all around 28nm and getting 100 percent utilization of their capacity. So long as their customers competitors have no better foundry to go to, there is little incentive to press forward. There is the possibility to fall behind, but waiting just means increasing certainty in the path forward. Meanwhile Intel... I was with him until: "The idea behind patents is to create a financial incentive to promote innovation: patents ensure that the inventor of a new idea can get compensated for it, rather than seeing her idea immediately ripped off by copycats." The purpose of patents had nothing to do with compensation. It was already presumed that an inventor could sell an invention. The real purpose was to promote disclosure of how to make things. In other words to reveal what would otherwise be kept a trade secret. This fits well with the notion of "non-obvious to a person practiced in the art", which would preclude Amazons one-click. The idea was: Tell us how it's made in exchange for a monopoly for some number of years. Spreading knowledge is how you promote innovation. Aircraft? It's funny they're worried about CO2 from aircraft when the water vapor the emit has a much larger and immediate effect. "Do you see audio mixing/mastering or video editing software being bundled with media players? Or do you see word processors/TeX IDEs bundled with PDF viewers? " No, and that's a problem. Do you see programming languages shipped with every computer? No, but that's how it used to be. Most shipped with BASIC while Unix shipped with C. I guess Macs come with Python, but just CLI no IDE - not even idle. Is there some reason not to ship development tools? Do you not want the curious to have ready access to dig in and understand the stuff they use every day? How do we reconcile this "Officers may examine the phone’s physical aspects to ensure that it will not be used as a weap on, but the data on the phone can endanger no one." along with the notion that encryption algorithms are considered munitions worthy of export restrictions? Let us first say that if you sold it to someone else there would likely be sales tax involved (in most places) so the idea of giving someone stuff tax-free is unusual. The point of inheritance taxes is not to prevent you passing it on, it is to prevent the building of family empires which tend to screw people (in addition to being another revenue source). But why? The ONLY purpose of government is actually to preserve order by preventing people from being assholes to each other. Turns out people tend to do that if nobody keeps them in check. Now the rich kinda think the purpose is to keep people from doing anything to THEM, but even that still concedes my stated purpose for government. Large accumulations of wealth can be both good or bad, but from where I sit it looks like the super-rich aren't even sure what to do with all their money, so why not? Estate-tax is just another knob to turn in the preservation of society. The only real question is how far to turn it. I'm open to debate from all sides on that issue. I don't think the compiler is supposed to treat an entire function behavior as undefined just because a pointer was dereferenced without checking for NULL. The array indexing example may be valid, but the second one is probably not. It is possible to have a pointer to zero, and failing to check for that condition should not cause the compiler to assume the pointer is non-zero in subsequent lines of code. These guys are partially idiots. Obviously there is more demand than road if use is directly proportional to supply as they claim. The problem is the way we design cities and lay out the roads. A regular grid where we put STOP lights? seriously? Go, stop, go, stop. And then we put businesses right on the corners to increase congestion right where it's already bad. When cars get tested for EPA MPG ratings, the average speed on the city drive cycle is slightly under 20mph due to all the stop and go. Hybrid cars get better city mpg than highway by using regenerative braking to recover energy from all that stopping and making drag the dominant factor. I don't think traffic circles are relevant, but designing the layout to minimize disruptions to flow altogether. I've been contemplating this a lot, but can't write it all here right now. Imagine if every drive were 10-20 percent longer distance, but you could average twice the speed over the journey! You'd save gas and time. And if your journey takes less time, that's fewer car-minutes on the road which means less traffic and they could have fewer lanes. The problem is even if we could do the design correctly, nobody is going to build a city from scratch - except in China maybe. >> I'm not clear on how any of this will lead to a recession. Here are some reasons: 1) if government spending is half of GDP that means any increase in non-government economic activity will only have half the effect it otherwise could (with zero govt contribution) this works both ways though, but more importantly it means government spending is critical to the economy. 2) Debt is high, so there is a LOT of pressure to reduce govt spending, which would directly (negatively) affect GDP in the short term - see 1, gov spending is 0.5 of GDP. 3) Any rise in interest rates will result in 2 (the alternative is to just increase the debt). To spend more in interest, you have to spend less elsewhere. 4) If we get inflation (and they're trying really hard) they'll want to keep it low by raising interest rates, resulting in 2 (see 3). No, I advocate efficiency as a goal weather it be cars, public transit, or something else. Personally I'd like easy access to both. But public transit is only viable with high density and I don't like the way we do dense either. This is the only response to my question that seems solid. >>The really important thing here is to understand that Pilot Wave isn't a real wave/object. It is just a description of possible positions of the particle at specific times. Is it possible that pilot waves are ripples in space-time? We should not make strong assertions especially when a theory is young. You make it sound like nothing more than the a regular QM wave function. Aren't pixels obsolete? I mean in the sense that you have to use scalable graphics these days. Because it's there. The only reason people use all these web tools is because they are there, documented and ready. The classic example is the Apache web server - it was there and worked. It was written when the web was small and the number of users to a site was low. Competing web servers are here now with performance way higher, so people are switching. Nobody wanted to write a better web server so nobody did for a long time - and better in that case was easily measured. Programming paradigms? How do you evaluate them? I agree there are fads (FP anyone?) but what objective criteria do we have to evaluate them, or design something from scratch to meet those criteria? What are the ancient libraries used by computational chemists? I hope to get some insight to the field based on the answer to this question ;-) >> the ideas we want to convey from a first language are things like abstraction, recursion, proof by induction, equational reasoning, sequential/parallel time-complexity. Really? I thought good old imperative programming was the best starting point. Concepts like assignment, branching, looping. IMHO goto is actually useful at that point and structured programming is an abstraction that takes a little while to wrap your head around. Perhaps it's due to the way I learned that I think some things are more basic (no pun intended). Either way I don't think high level abstract concepts like functional programming are even relevant in the real world of software development - abstract stuff is CS, basic stuff is for everyone else who has to take a programming course. Agreed. Given that it is a puzzle and not a request for proof. Once you realize that the hole and sphere diameter are related and the situation has one degree of freedom not specified, it is perfectly valid to conclude that the answer must be independent of that and choose a case you can work out in your head. that's assignment AND reassignment. Mutable state is fundamental to how computers work no matter how hard the fans of the current fad of functional programming try to deny it. I would say the fact that is doesn't break existing code is more like the minimum requirement ;-) Even better would be to work in every case the existing system does. But yeah, simplicity is very desirable. I feel that way about code too. I love getting rid of stuff that's overly complex or unnecessary without compromising useful functionality. Take iodine, it will help sugar regulation. What separates the rice from the hulls? I get that the rollers crack it open, but then how do they end up in physically different places? The video doesn't show that. Battery swapping is dumb. It's like propane tank exchange, except the price is reversed. With propane the tank is relatively cheap and you don't care so much if you get somebody elses used one. With battery costing in the neighborhood of $10K it's a bit different. OTOH if they were to automatically recycle the ones with diminished capacity it may be somewhat more acceptable. But doesn't it still seem a bit odd? But wouldn't it be nice if they could use their data to get rid of some corruption in politics? I know, I know, how does the government as a whole police itself? Very tough problem. But at some level I don't really care that they collect data, it's what they do with it that's important. So who decides? What is the master agenda? How do they self police? etc... One can only guess at the answers to these questions. It may be nice to allow anyone in the NSA to spy on anyone else in the NSA to prevent abuse, but that would be a huge problem if a spy managed to get a job there. I just imagine this being a rather complex problem. But workflow systems can't do shit with scanned documents other than route them via human instructions. .jpg.exe extensions are less of a problem when the operating system doesn't hide them. >> When I read "integer multiplication", I think of "123 * 456". Is that what is actually being said here? If so, why would you do anything but "123 * 456" to arrive at the actual answer? The paper is talking about methods to multiply integers of significant length. Think 2048bit RSA keys, or multi-million-bit numbers used in GIMPS. Of course you just use a single machine instruction for small numbers. But the hardware designers actually care about such algorithms too because it affects the number of gates and propagation delay. That said, this paper will likely only be relevant to large integer software implementations. I like the idea of the windows task bar on the left side, but instead of showing thumbnails if it showed document titles we could just use that instead of side-tabs. Start a new browser window instead of a tab and let the desktop environment handle that. Of course there's persistence issues, but those could be resolved. I guess I don't like duplicating functionality between application and the desktop, and all the apps getting tabs is just that. Perhaps the desktop implementation needs to be better rather than having apps do it themselves? >> because SJIS has some duplicate mappings for historical reasons I think that's the problem. Sounds like unicode has some duplicate mapping. Never mind the "historical reasons", it's broken. I've always been suspect of cable and wireless internet connections. Anything that shares bandwidth with all subscribers is going to get maxed out if a large number of customers start streaming video. Is it possible that Verison (and Comcast and etc...) know that opening up the gate to the outside world will crush their network under the increased load? I like the milk-our-monopoly-on-the-last-mile theory as much as the next guy, but is it even possible for the technology used to deliver the necessary bandwidth if they open up the pipe? My point is was that spectrum doesn't scale. There's X gigabits per second available over the air, and a similar X over a cable. For cable companies they can push equipment closer to the home and have fewer subscribers on the same line. I suppose Verizon could do the same with more towers, but imagine doubling the number of towers to support double the bandwidth (or something like that). As people have pointed out though, the congestion is specific to connections that carry netflix. IMHO weather icons really need color. This will be even more necessary when you want to have more subtle variations in conditions. Color - or shades of gray - could even be an indicator to the cloud type. A dark cloud with yellowish lightning is going to convey thunderstorms much faster and with less visual processing than anything you can possibly do in a mono-color icon. This all leads to the question: Why use a single color? I believe the correct solution is to have coherent light emitted from very small pixels, with the ability to modulate either the phase or amplitude of each pixel. This will give the appearance of a regular film hologram. Color is of course another challenge, but this approach seems more practical than tiny lenses producing a finite number of directions. OTOH the old CRT shadow mask was a marvel in its day and was quite practical. Ultimately we DO want glasses. A single holograpic display per eye would be fine and would allow looking around by moving your eyeballs instead of your head in a VR context. This could be a couple of square inches (or less) of hologram per eye. >> Too much progress too fast with a bit too much disregard to astronauts' lives. We live in a much different world today. Back then if someone died (and some did) they were heros, lessons were learned, and we moved on. Today everyone is so afraid, even the military has a low risk tolerance. But remember how WWII was won, on D-day they basically thew bodies at the enemy to achieve a foothold. People did what it took to achieve goals, even at great cost in dollars or lives. It's just not like that today so it seems rather unbelievable. >> NASA is currently "live" streaming the mission: Like an old man telling a story about the good old days. Because, you know, it was the greatest thing NASA ever did and it was 45 years ago. So someone made the wrong choice - font vs image. IMHO it is total fail to have int be dependent on the machine architecture. C99 fixed this behavior with types for specific sizes so people could finally write portable code. Julia should adopt 64bit integers by default given its intended audience and the reality that even some phones have 64bit processors. int64_t works on 32bit processors too, but with a performance penalty. Having the range of a variable depend on the machine architecture really went out of style a long time ago. > Now mobiles and high electricity costs are making developers reach the same conclusions again. But rather than fall back on existing compiled languages, they are now trying to build something that has it all. I haven't been able to use SO since they shut off myopenid last year. I can't log in, so can't change my credentials ;-( Any ideas HN? Thanks, that was easy. So now I just have a password instead of linking to another account @facebook or google+ I guess that works ;-) Thanks, I followed the recovery link provided by another SE person. I don't see the problem. At that link, the browser column is higher contrast. Switching to the Stix fonts gives characters that look more like the TeX column, but seems to be missing a few things. I did not try all the font options. Already done. When I worked in EVs we used a HybridPack2 power module from Infineon. It's about the size of a sandwich but longer, and skinnier. You add a driver board, a logic board, a capacitor, connectors, cold plate. It's about the size of a shoe box and can deliver 100kW continuously. I pushed one under ideal conditions to 200kW. Of course, liquid cooling means a total system that is quite a bit larger than I describe. In order to get rid of liquid cooling at that power level you'd have to get the losses down by a huge margin. We were dissipating 2-3kW at high power, so for air cooling you'd need to get that down by a factor of at least 10. The only way to drive the heat down like that is at the semiconductor device level. This is a challenge that everyone in the field is already aware of and working on, while people outside the field have no ability to do meaningful research. At the small scale, an Arduino with the mega-moto shield can push some hundreds of watts in a few cubic inches. So what exactly is the challenge? Typically you want AC on the input or output and DC on the other. You can use that shield to produce AC by driving the outputs with PWM (it is intended for that). If there was a 3rd channel on the mega-moto, you could drive a 3-phase AC motor with it. If you put a transformer on it, you can connect it to the line and do DC->AC or AC->DC. Normally we want the DC voltage to be higher than the AC, so it's not the ideal shield for line connection - hence the transformer instead of simple inductors. And yes, the inductors add to the size, but if you are driving an inductive load like a motor, they are normally not needed. >> Obama hoped that his response to the “underwear bomber” would be a turning point. In 2010, he gave increased powers and responsibilities to the agencies that nominate individuals to the lists, placing pressure on them to add names. That part bothers me the most. By telling agencies to add names to the list, you don't automatically get more bad guys, you're just going to get more people on the list. A fair question would be "how much do we need to expand our scope to where we would have listed a certain person known to be a bad guy that slipped through?" And of course one data point isn't really terribly relevant, but the answer to the question may be enlightening - or not. "The world's first operating-system kernel with an end-to-end proof of implementation correctness and security enforcement." And as soon as one person makes a commit, that proof is invalid right? No. This guy was saving his own life and there was no certainty the bomb would be dropped on someone else - or whom or how many. I think the normal reasoning is that higher rent filters out the bad tenants (statistically). But once you have a good tenant then you probably don't want to raise the rent unless they move out and you're seeking a new one. >>Opteron A-series is ARM. That's pretty stupid considering all A-series APUs they've been selling for a few years now. Any future solution to this should still not be Googles problem. If people are going to be able to have history removed from the net, they should have to have it removed from the net and not just from an index. To cover a lot of this, make some restrictions on distribution of criminal, tax, employment, birth/death records. We already have it in the US for medical records. Some of that information is public records, but why do those have to be free and/or indexed by search engines? >> It seems like shining a flashlight in one direction should produce thrust in the other. Is that not true or is it something different at work here? That is absolutely true. Electromagnetic radiation effectively has momentum. Take the energy in joules and convert it to mass via E=mc^2 and then plug it in the momentum equation p = mv but using c as the velocity and you get p = E/c. Change in momentum over change in time is force, so we can then get to F = P/c. I believe the units are Newtons, Watts, and meters/sec. So with 300 Megawatts you can produce a whole Newton of force! I used this on a physics final once, but hid the work because the prof expected us to use formulas for radiation pressure derived from electromagnetics and I had missed that lecture. Later I derived the general case of my approach and it matched the EM derived formulas. 50/50 if he would have appreciated it or marked it down. The question was "a 50mW laser is reflected off a mirror, what force is exerted on the mirror due to the beam?". Note that the change in momentum is doubled for reflection vs emission or absorption. >> Er... some infinities are more equal than others? That's the whole point of the diagonal argument. To prove that. I wrote a chess game on a PIC16c-something. It had 176 bytes of RAM and only a 8 level return stack. I implemented recursive minimax by managing my own data stack since the compiler claimed to not support recursion. Code size was IIRC around 2K. You could play it on a battery charge controller we were making via UART in a terminal program, it printed the board and accepted key strokes. It declared checkmate when it was a certainty but before it actually happened... "... the range-handicapped i3 ..." I approve of this phrase. We usually see the term "range anxiety" which would indicate some kind of emotional problem with the customer rather than a problem with the product. This should not become a thing. Absolutely not ;-) We need a way to do digital signatures on images such that they cannot be faked. It should verify the image, location, time, and serial number. I know, this seems impossible since someone (the camera) needs to know the private key and that could be compromised. >> A bigger problem I see is that you could print the fake scene on a big piece of paper, take a picture of that, and the digital signature would be totally valid. That's why I want the date and camera SN to be authenticated as well. A photo of an actual event could be shown to have the correct date, while a photo of an altered print would have a later date. Wouldn't it be nice to allocate a small part of the IPv6 space to geographically encoded IP addresses? In other words, the address itself can be used to physically locate the destination and a route could be chosen partially according to geography. It seems like this should be less arbitrary than the routes you need to chose now. Or is it? I have wondered if such a thing could be designed for use in the upper atmosphere and dropped in from space. That would avoid the need to keep out the full atmosphere. But then so would pumping out the air as it gained altitude... Yes, at its core, this is the "overlapping hierarchy" problem. I believe in the case of the internet, this is almost a regulatory issue. Not to be dismissed, but failure to build a simple network structure is largely due to the number of players involved. Perhaps we could encode an ISP ID in the address as well, but that has its own issues. The way you describe it, implicit learning is the formation of associations, pattern matching, and what some call intuition. I've seen great things done with fact-based x-causes-y deduction as well as intuitive understanding that is hard to explain. I've also seen cases of each where a person who thinks the other way would never have found a solution to a problem. I would not discount implicit learning, nor promote it as "better". Are we getting at the old right-brain left-brain thing here? Working at a regular company can provide you ideas for your next project. Find out how things are done, figure out how they could be done better. Your next startup should solve a problem for someone, why not solve a problem faced by your employer and its peers? In fact, there's a problem right there - a capable person like you doesn't want to work for a company like that - why? There is a problem there. Much bigger than what I had in mind when I started this comment. I first saw this type of thing with http://www.manfreda.org/i-robot John Manfreda's I,Robot emulator where he takes parameters sent to the Atari mathbox/rasterizer and sends them to D3D instead. This gets you classic I,Robot with much higher resolution for the polygons. I tried very hard for a long time to explain to my daughter how to make herself go on a swing with no luck. "Lean back, legs out, when going forward..." Then I sat on the swing next to her and did it myself. She watched and was doing it herself in about 5 seconds. No idea if anything I had said helped prepare for that. I think she had seen me swing myself before and didn't get it, so IDK what clicked. You mean you didn't save all your results? Don't a lot of the problems build on previous results? Why would one lose anything? FYI I was interested but did not start down the projecteuler rabbit hole myself, so perhaps I'm missing something. If the basic income replaces social security but is available to all adults, a large number of working people are going to quit and retire prematurely. SS isn't supposed to be a total retirement plan, but it is for many and this would increase the number - probably to the point where it all falls apart. What is the incentive to work under this scheme? >> Even assuming that BI provided a standard of living equivalent to minimum wage (which the levels that have generally been proposed don't, even if one assumes no inflationary effect from BI itself, which is naive) But TFA said it would replace social security payments. Is that more than minimum wage? at $10 per hour and about 160 hr per month that's $1600 per month. I believe social security pays better than that for many people. >> ts at least plausible, intuitively, that BI would lead to a greater drop in demand for childcare than in supply, and decrease the market clearing cost. How is that exactly? If you think people are going to stop working to take care of their kids, then the arguments about not changing GDP fall apart along with the whole plan. That's a really shitty definition of entitlement. Social Security is an entitlement because people pay into the system and expect to effectively get their money back - they are entitled because they deserve it. Medicare might also be called and entitlement. While I think tax breaks for the rich are handouts (a penny saved is a penny earned right?) I wouldn't call those entitlements either. What does the expected distribution of p-values look like? I suppose an answer should consider random hypothesis separately from those that are tested because there was some indication they might be true. >> Road design... I couldn't agree more. We have roads set up in grid, forcing intersections every mile. Not only is this a huge safety issue, the stopping is where a large part of fuel goes and is where half the time spent commuting goes. The urban drive cycle has an average speed of just under 20mph due to all the stopping. I feel nearly certain that this is just lobbying by companies that have patents on certain aspects of the communication and would like to have a mandated market for some electronic modules on the car. Same thing happened with tire pressure monitoring. In-wheel systems were being developed, but there was really no market until they were mandated. Meanwhile, your ABS/traction-control system can passively detect low tire pressure with no additional hardware. I'm a little afraid the language will go down hill from here. Too many versions - a committee dedicated to creating new versions of the language standard is going to do exactly that. Much like has happened with OpenGL. I believe they become Maxwell's Equation, and it's super simple. It still creates a market for more hardware, weather patents apply or not. For the vehicle manufacturers it creates another barrier to entry in the market. Oh god. Advertisers! "It's late, time for fourthmeal Taco Bell ahead on the left." No no no no.... Don't even open that door. Some possible explanations: 1) Inflation - a billion dollars isn't what it used to be. 2) Stock market bubble causing investors to look elsewhere. 3) Founders are younger - they aren't looking to retire yet so let it grow, let it grow, don't need an exit yet. >> It's easy to add audio via skype/facetime/you-name-it though. Really? I don't think running another app to get audio is a very user friendly solution, and you'll never be able to record a session. How about Opus and webRTC or similar? I've been wondering about treating ebola with iodine. It's antimicrobial and antiviral. The Red Cross uses it to clean the skin before taking blood donations because it is superior to alcohol for cleaning. It is also useful to promote healing, among many other things (It seem to be helpful to the mitochondria which means wide-ranging benefit). But just due to the use for cleaning, and the aid in healing, I wonder if a few drops of Lugol's solution in a glass of water several times a day would help an ebola patient. That would hit right in the gut where the infection goes wild and does the most damage. That seems a minor complaint about GIMP. It's should be easy to fix after the major changes get done. By that I mean full integration of GEGL and migration to GTK3. IMHO if these don't get done soon, GIMP will get replaced. It's been years since they "inadvertedly ported the core graphics code to GEGL". You might say my priorities are wrong and GIMP is short on developers and I care about infrastructure more than something like gamma. But I'm moving to Wayland soon, and if GIMP has to run with GTK2 via XWayland I'm just not going to install it. OTOH I'm not a major user of it. I'm not advocating concentrated iodine. A few drops of Lugol's mixed in a glass of water isn't going to damage anything - lots of people take that exact amount on a regular basis. We could argue about long term effects of that, but I'm talking about doing it for a week or two to help with something that is killing half the people it infects. Where is the guy with iodine user id when you need them? >> Ebola virus disease is not like c. difficile. It attacks endothelial cells, liver cells, phagocytes... it's as systemic as they come. As are the benefits of iodine. But to be clear, you don't think it's worth even trying right? Taken up by all cells with a sodium/iodide symporter. From wikipedia: Apart from thyroid cells NIS can also be found, although less expressed, in other tissues such as the salivary glands, the gastric mucosa, the kidney, the placenta, the ovaries and the mammary glands during pregnancy and lactation. It also occurs is in the lungs. We also see that viral infection can trigger apoptosis here: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10547702 And that iodine is critical to some of the pathways leading to apoptosis, which may explain its helpfulness in some cancers: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16120321 So it's concentrated in the gut and kidneys - 2 places strongly effected by ebola. And there is a plausible link to slowing viral infection through destruction of infected cells. It was just a suggestion. The standard responses occured - 1) that stuff will burn tissue. and 2) it's only good for your thyroid. Both of these statements are false. Well sure #1 with concentrated iodine will do that, but that's not relevant to my original suggestion. This is the problem as I see it from TFA: >> More than a dozen theories have now been proposed for the so-called global warming hiatus, ranging from air pollution to volcanoes to sunspots. >> “Every week there’s a new explanation of the hiatus,” said corresponding author Ka-Kit Tung First of all, a hypothesis is NOT a theory. Secondly, they have a goal indicative of an agenda - they're looking for a plausible explanation and publishing speculation as "theory". If you don't have data you're just speculating, and by data I don't mean "yeah, volcanoes erupt and emit stuff". You need data that supports your hypothesis, and if you really want to claim a theory, IMHO you need some kind of mathematical model. If all these weekly explanations had data and models to back them, I don't think there would be nearly so many. To me this resembles the folks who blame every weather event on climate change. Even if I accept the premise, they look like fools trying to tie warm, cold, erratic, extreme, and calm, all to the the same cause with nothing but simple high level hand waving. Never mind my views on certain topics, doesn't all that speculation out in the public view damage the perception of science as a whole? That bothers me. I think I can agree with the idea that experimenting during the present situation could be damaging for all the reasons you point to. It seem standard treatment like keeping hydrated and isolated are not accepted, we must add confusion with experimentation. BTW, I have read the advocacy of colloidal silver and the damage it does - I think those guys are nuts. I understand that people will view my iodine advocacy the same way - I face this every time I take kelp in front of my wife... I am confused. I thought Brigade was created by Jacco Bikker, but then there's an OTOY logo down at the bottom. What's up with that? I didn't think these guys were related. >> This way you essentially wouldn't need to learn a new set of incantations - just tell the damn thing what you want the damn thing to do, dammit. I'm going to guess that you've never given a set of requirements to a programmer before. Programmers ARE the human interface to computers, as they are often writing software to specifications created by someone else. Many of the problems arise in the ambiguity of the human-human communication. Another part comes from the lack of specificity combined with different ideas about how to handle unspecified cases. Your idea of what is obvious is not the only one. Some people lack domain knowledge that is assumed in requirements and leads to poor choices where specifications are not complete. In the end, natural language assumes a broad swath of "common sense" that computers do not have yet. I cured my asthma. After my first attack the doctor put me on inhaled steroids - this is a lifelong treatment that has some side effects. He said my lung function was that of an 84 year old (I was 43). I found that magnesium helped, and later learned that Iodine can be beneficial too. I started taking both daily as well as reducing my BMI from ~33 down to ~29. I had the lungs retested after going off meds for a few weeks and they "functioned above average". So I'm off the meds and feel great. On a related note, I used to get sick pretty much every year and was the first in the house to get things. Since I started the iodine a year ago, I have not had so much as a cold, while my family got a couple bad things over the winter. This is more anecdotal than the asthma of course, as that's a thing you can test where catching stuff is more random. >> Water vapor is a greenhouse gas that helps to warm Earth’s surface. Its concentration in the atmosphere increases with surface temperature; hence, warmer surface temperatures lead to more water vapor, which in turn leads to warmer temperatures—a positive feedback loop. Conversely, colder surface temperatures should lead to less water vapor, and to even colder temperatures. So the water vapor feedback makes the faint young sun problem worse, not better. But what about cloud formation? When there is enough water vapor you get more cloud formation, which reflects more sunlight (and traps heat underneath). So that's a positive feedback bringing the temperature up and then clouds forming to stabilize it at the point where weather becomes interesting. Once again, I hate the hand waving ideas without simulations - there are problems with both his and mine. >> How did you reduce your BMI? Diet and exercise. But prior to that, I found magnesium took the edge off the asthma consistently. It is a broncho-dilator so this made perfect sense (it's also a vaso-dilator so that had some interesting side effects). The Iodine link is less solid, but after several minor indicators I ran across this: http://thyroid.about.com/library/derry/bl10.htm and some other great reading. This lead me to start taking kelp regularly, which helped stabilize my blood sugar and other things (that's another story, but very conclusive). Only after all that did I start to exercise and lose weight, and after months of that I got the asthma rechecked. For a while in there I took Lugol's iodine quite regularly too in the hope of reducing cholesterol - which it is supposed to do - but it didn't work for me. I had my thyroid tested (TSH, T4) before and after that phase though, so I can confirm that taking Iodine does not (for me) screw up the thyroid as is widely believed. My triglycerides went from ~300 to 160 though. My wife also used Lugol's to significantly heal a surgical scar - almost eliminated it. Iodine is wonderful, unfortunately the folks who promote it sound like an infomercial, but it truly is amazing stuff. I had to find all the papers and abstracts myself to cut through the hype. >> ..but none of that is best described as "curing" asthma. How then would you describe curing asthma? >> This is why the WoT is a bust and nobody developing new crypto systems cares about it anymore. I think the real reason nobody cares about it is because it gives you actual privacy. There is no way to exploit it commercially. All they could get is that data went "from here to there" with no idea what was in it. Not even Google could target ads with that. There was a weight above which I could actually feel that effect. It was very unpleasant and I took it as a "you gotta fix this or your gonna f *ing die". Kinda like how people don't change their ways until they actually have a heart attack. There is also another weight below which my snoring quiets down and heartburn goes away. I did pass through both of these in all of this too. Be happy with every pound of progress and look forward to more. They did tell me to keep a rescue inhaler just in case, and I have one around here somewhere. But it has not been used. I also don't buy the line that "there is no cure for asthma". Perhaps what I'm taking "controls" it as well as the more conventional stuff? I still prefer a treatment that has other beneficial side effects to one that costs more and has negative side effects. BTW, if we're using NIH links I'll just point out that Iodine cures cancer: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16120321 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16679319 And reverses FBD: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8221402 Where molecular iodine is most effective - though it's traditionally claimed to be the most harmful form. BTW, FBD is a risk factor for breast cancer so these go together quite nicely. Iodized salt had enough iodine to prevent goiter (enlarged thyroid gland). There are many other tissues that require iodine, and there are indications that somewhere around 1-5mg is more optimal than the 150mcg (0.15mg) that is officially recommended. For FBD treatment and other things, people go as high as 50mg per day. So no, salt doesn't really do it. Kelp is the only actual food that has significant amounts AFICT. So no problem then. I would substitute "orbit" for revolution in your definitions, but either way you get the same thing - it rotates once per orbit/revolution. >> That is the type of theory that when you hear it sounds so plausible that it must be true. But when 2 bodies of that size come together, and one of them splats onto the other, there is going to be a major change in rotation rate. There is no reason given for the resulting rotation rate to match the orbital period. I find that bothersome. There is a relationship between walking and EMDR http://www.emdr.com/general-information/what-is-emdr.html Since walking involves alternate motion of opposite sides of the body, and was part of the activity someone was doing when EMDR was discovered. Some think that alternately engaging the two sides of the brain causes an increased activity in the corpus callosum, or something along those lines. This could reduce desertification and reduce atmospheric CO2 while helping elephants. See this Ted talk to understand how: https://www.ted.com/talks/allan_savory_how_to_green_the_worl... Yes, the question not talked about in the article is how to disseminate the information to US companies. You'd have to be part of the club. And then it raises the question if the big guys spy on our own smaller companies that are not part of the club. I had an HTML version of my resume in 1995. The printed version looked almost identical to the MS Word version I had at the time. table, bold, italics, break are pretty much all it took. It reflowed quite well too. We don't want to sign your NDA until it's time for you to sign our NDA. This "ideas are cheap" concept is getting really old. You need a good idea AND execution. But execution alone is just as worthless as a bad idea. Execution amplifies the value of an idea, and amplifiers are just as common as ideas. What if my "secret sauce" is a whole new concept and being first in a new area would be a significant advantage? Hint: I have just such an idea. >> An NDA is not going to protect you anyway. Why not? Companies make people and partner companies sign them all the time. Why would they not be effective for people? What if it's a new idea? If the idea is obvious only in hindsight and it doesn't take much secret sauce, then what do you do? You can't communicate at all, so build it yourself I guess. What laws of gravity would those particles have to obey? AFAICT the rotation problem stems in large part from trying to use Keplers laws for a galaxy where they simply do not apply. I've even seen this problem in an article in Nature. It's quite a bit more than a 2-body problem. I'm in favor of these simulators plotting the rotation curves of simulated galaxies. The challenge is defining whose "team" you're on. Individual, family, chorines, country, race?? Different people prioritize these differently, but if you're sharing data with your team I should think the circle of people you're sharing with would define the team, but there may be reasons to keep part of your team in the dark too. It all depends on higher level strategy. In some cases we see who is clearly on the team, and in some cases who is clearly not. The public doesn't seem to fit cleanly into either of these camps in all cases. One should never differentiate a sampled signal without a low-pass filter (at least second order is preferred). The original cases/day plot was smooth, but also leveled off at the end. IDK if the people collecting the data are on any kind of weekly schedule, but that type of thing would certainly come through in the data with enough samples and Fourier analysis. >> ...truly more like Lego than video games actually... Which is really funny considering what Lego did in the video game space - they made video games where many things were made of Lego, but there was no "building" involved at all. I think he's wrong about one thing. A good BMS not only monitors cell voltages, it has the ability to bypass some charging current around individual cells. Not a lot, but enough to balance the charge of all cells over a cycle. That capability can do wonders for the reliability and life of a pack. While I worked in EVs for 6 years, I have no knowledge of the Tesla BMS - they were not our customer and I worked mostly in motor control anyway. It's a lot of work, but there is nothing complicated about getting it done. You tell the art guys the specs and they spend a few days getting all the images and then move on to the next monster. I was in that boat, but now if I was really motivated I could leave the family home for 3 months to do YC. The problem now is that everyone I know is in that same situation, so I've got NO co-founders to bring along. PG wrote a whole essay about why middle-aged guys don't do startups, but he also wrote one about the importance of cofounders. You solve one and end up not having the other... Why yes, yes I did. But for Doom there were about 10-15 kinds of sprites (monsters, lamps, trash cans). I didn't say it was easy, I said it was straight forward. The code took a lot of time back then, and I'm sure the art guy(s) were busy the whole time. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/1084... I'm afraid some people either think this is a game, or just an opportunity - since most of the worlds problems today stem from overpopulation. >> some describe it as "turning into a soulless robot. But doesn't pot bring apathy? People are actually starting to legalize that... I would argue that war can be a result of overpopulation. Famine is also - it occurs in the places least able to deal with ebola. "Global warming" - we could reduce emissions by reducing population without changing the per capita energy consumption. Unemployment - not enough jobs is the same thing as too many people. Strife in the middle east? Too many people in that area of the world with not enough resource (or governments that squander what they have). I'm not saying all of these are correct in an absolute sense, just that population certainly plays a role. And if a society values intelligence, they should encourage smarter people to reproduce and offer as much birth control as possible to less smart people. Following this line of reasoning and policy is sure to ignite all kinds of flame wars ;-) >> I never understood why the politically correct crowd happily accepts that athletic ability is heritable, yet when it comes to intelligence suddenly all bets are off. Because athletic ability is more recreational - you can say different people are good at sports, music, art, etc... there are nice alternatives. But it's not PC to imply anyone is inherently stupid. I phrase it that way because saying "inherently smarter" is OK on the surface, but the corollary is that someone else is inherently less smart. Being "PC" is all about not offending anyone. >> Uber is not a monopoly and the barriers to entry are lower than people think. That is actually a large part of the problem. Competition from Lyft will force Uber to lower fares. Competition from a driver-union-app would force them to be even lower. At some point, lowering fares will directly hurt uber. Prior to that point, it's hurting the drivers because uber doesn't care at all about drivers costs, and drivers are either not good at taking that into account, or have been screwed by falling fares. I run firefox on Fedora 20, on a dual core AMD64 from 2005. It worked ok with 1GB, but as indicated things went south when it ran out of memory. I upgraded to 2GB and useage rarely goes above 1, so everything is fine now. That said, I'm not one of the people who use tabs instead of bookmarks. My expectations are probably lower than many too, but I am all too familiar with content in one tab destroying performance of the browser as a whole. So I'm all for this e10s thing. >> Did you get a bill after the fact? You could call them up and negotiate. IMHO negotiation is one of the problems causing high health care costs. Prices are crazy high by default, but insurance companies are able to negotiate lower prices from providers. This means the uninsured are billed higher by default. It turns out that individuals can negotiate lower prices too - sometimes. I advocate that a given service provider should be forced to charge the same price for the same service to all patients. This might result in competition and lower prices, but in the mean time it should lower costs for the uninsured. I like that they show cases where it has problems. It's very much "here's what we can do, and here's where it doesn't work." There is no hype, no claims of "novelty", no speculation on uses, just results. I wish this were far more common. >> Languages without tail recursion elimination are very annoying. Looking at you JavaScript. Programmers who use tail recursion instead of a loop are very annoying. Looking at you justincormack ;-) Seriously, when I first saw recursion explained using the fibonacci sequence I was really scratching my head. I wondered why anyone would do that. Now that I'm older and wiser, I can see that it's natural to a mathematician. Why anyone who claims to be a programmer or compsci person would do it is beyond me. I suppose it's a simple example, but I'm a fan of introducing concepts with examples that really want the technique in question as a solution. Nice paper (linked in the article) but I see one thing that looks like an error. When comparing different start dates for intervention the have 3 curves on a plot. Then for "under reporting" they have another plot which looks like the same 3 curves multiplied by a constant to compensate for the under reporting. The problem is that the intervention consists of increasing the percent of patients getting treatment from 10 percent to 70 percent. But with under reporting by 2x that would be an actual increase from 5 percent to 35 percent, which would have a much less significant effect on the total number infected - possibly not even ending the epidemic. Perhaps they assume the intervention will include solving the under reporting problem. Otherwise a very nice report: http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/su63e0923a1.htm?s_c... >> Battlefield triage and hospitals won't help in this situation. Have you seen the facilities they have over there now? I think battlefield hospitals are a huge step up. Logistics is also a core function of the military, so once a plan is in place they will bring in whatever that plan calls for and get stuff done. Where the military doesn't work is when politics is involved and the mission is not so clear. >> I have the potential to make a higher 2R profit, with the same amount of risk as before, because I’m simply buying more shares. What he's really doing here is demanding a much larger percentage gain in the stock price to get that higher return. It has nothing to do with the number of shares. >> Now it would be great to integrate this data into OSM to get navigation for bikes that takes slopes into account: Doesn't OSM have elevation data from GPS tracks people upload? Of course this wouldn't help with most of the US which was imported from an older map. Now that all the physicists are reading, I have a question: Are the trajectories of light beams following the curvature of space-time reversible? In other words, if I reflect a light beam back on itself, does it return to its source? Because if that's true (and my feeble understanding is that it is true), then light can't enter a black hole or the reverse path would allow light to escape. What am I missing here? Sounded good until I saw this: A faster Clasp compiler is coming soon – the current Clasp compiler generates slow native code that is about 100x slower than highly tuned Common Lisp compilers like Steel Bank Common Lisp. No mention of the expected speedup, but 100x is a huge performance problem. From 2011, has this made it into gcc? Is it part of LLVM now since they tested with that? Glad to hear it. I've been wondering when new languages would be developed on top of LLVM and it's starting to happen (Julia, now this). C++ is getting a lot of more advanced features, but the syntax is so clunky compared to something like Python for example. I also like the notion of easy C++ library use for things like QT. Funny: "That led investigators to a Facebook post, made two days after the homicide, in which another man posed in a cell phone selfie with the same gun." You'd think a selfie would be enough to find someone the traditional way, but they seem to think they needed to locate the phone that took the picture. >> It also sounds like performance is a secondary, but still important, concern in this post. Not exactly. He points out that in real time systems, worst case execution time is more important than average execution time. You have to render a video frame in 1/60 of a second or it will need to be displayed twice. In that case, getting the job done faster on average doesn't matter. This can change a bit if something like power consumption becomes relevant - then you've got conflicting requirements. Real time keeps performance a top priority, we just look at a different metric. >> I don't completely get his example To use Minecraft as an example, a player may die from falling from too high, drowning, getting attacked by a monster. If killPlayer() is called serparately for each of those cases, he asserts that it may cause bugs due to differing context or sequencing relative to other parts of the code. If OTOH you just decrement player health in each of those places and then check for health > I might be alone on this, but whenever I read things by John Carmack I get a vague sense that he doesn't really get object oriented programming. I'm starting to think object oriented programming is a bit over rated. It's hard to express why exactly, but I'm finding plain functions that operate on data can be clearer, less complicated, and more efficient than methods. Blasphemous as it may seem, a switch statement does the equivalent of simple polymorphism and can be kept inline. >> Name calling is of little benefit. It is a form of violence. "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent" - Isaac Asimov. I hope you saw the irony in that. >> Please do not allow your data model designs to be artificially constrained by the requirements of the past. I'm currently dealing with a large piece of software where many of the high profile bugs stem from data duplication errors. This isn't even using a DBMS it's happening in classes (which a very similar to tables BTW). I gave up DB programming as my primary job about 15 years ago, but the lessons of 3NF are applicable way beyond the DBMSs of the world. It's still quite relevant advise. >> It's ironic in the Alanis Morissette way. No, it was calling name callers incompetent, which caused an unintended self reference :-) I suppose it's not irony, but I don't think it's as far from it as Alanis. I always come back to air traffic. Did patterns change significantly in the last few years? I could swear the weather here in MI changed a bit after delta bought northwest and made Detroit a non-hub. But that's just anecdotal. Does anyone study weather pattern correlation with air traffic routes? >> This is a fairly common approach with dynamically typed languages. That makes sense. The performance penalty might be incremental compared to the overhead of dynamic typing. Most interesting is that this guy apparently became symptomatic 3-4 days before going to the hospital. Arrived on the 20th, felt sick on the 24th, went to hospital on 27th, was isolated on the 28th. How many people did he come in contact with? How many contacts are being traced? This may be very interesting, and I doubt it will stop at just the one case. Thanks for the link. I was well aware of that week. Michigan skies were exceptionally deep blue and cloud free - all week. I am also aware that NASA recorded an increase in the daily temperature range (details escape me). My question getting modded down to -4 is an amazing example of... something. People thinking climate is all about CO2? I dunno, but I'm gonna go follow that nature link. Thanks again. "Sir, can you tell me how fast you were going?" I've always wondered what the best answer would be. "you have the right to not be interrogated without a lawyer present" but that implies you have to answer questions once you get a lawyer present. My friend recently tried "do you know how fast I was going" with his best smile of course. The officer responded something like "yes, but I want to see how honest you're going to be with me" with his best smile of course. This was probably a slam dunk for the officer, but my friend got off with 5-over, a hundred dollars, and no points. They were just out to generate revenue on a holiday weekend - and maybe get people to slow down - and I think we all knew it. Has the original link been censored? Or did the submitter have special access and not realize it? Even the abstract is probably something TLAs don't want widely disseminated given the easy access to these viruses that is possible right now. They're poor choices for weapons (you can't stop em), but there are crazy people out there. Urban legend? I had heard that while most of the industry struggled to develop a blue LED, someone eventually asked this guy to look in to the problem and he had a solution rather quickly. Like they just had to ask the guy with the right background to solve the problem an viola. Is there any truth to that? >> mechanism. And here's my opinion that will probably get me downvoted into hell: there is no way to stop this, other than leaving the internet. What about ending anonymity? Much as I like the idea of remaining annoymous online (not that I am here), there are legal means to deal with the extreme end of the trolling spectrum so long as you can identify them. The next issue that pops up of course is privacy. We need to end anonymity while making privacy the default. But that allows criminals to communicate privately - they can now, but it takes effort and many don't know how. >> There is a serious risk that Ebola will mutate to become more infectious. Not likely. Survival of the fittest for a virus usually means allowing the host to live longer - in other words LESS lethal. It is not likely to become airborne, and if it did it would not be ebola any more. The symptoms of most diseases are not an accident, they are tied to the means of transmission: Colds make you cough and sneeze. Flu makes you cough, sneeze, barf and sweat. Rabies makes you crazy and want to bite. STDs some think may make people horny. Ebola makes you barf, shit, bleed, sweat. The one scary thing is I once read that a single gene make Ebola hemoragic, and if that were to transfer to a flu, that would be very deadly. But it would also be less virulent due to that same deadliness and so would be selected against as our response to related flu vidii would wipe it out. None of that is helpful short term, but this notion of the virus getting more horrible than it already is, I don't think so. >> I think a "corporate micro-city" might be the solution for poverty in the 3rd world. Funny, I was thinking it contributes to the problem. It clearly creates inequality which can be seen in this article. The company simply doing the minimum to exploit the resources in the area with no spill-over into the larger region. It would be more helpful to the locals if they were vertically integrated right there - producing tires. That would require building more infrastructure and more manufacturing capability and such. But no, they just want to grow the rubber there and keep the higher value stuff elsewhere. To clarify, I'm not saying "companies=bad" just that companies only have self-interest and are not inherently good for the broader region they inhabit. This is abundantly clear from TFA which I don't think is the message they wanted us to take away. This is a big if - If the data is to be believed, the plots on wikipedia show liberia getting a handle on it in the last couple weeks. The exponential growth in number of cases has been reduced (concave down on the plots). I suspect the people there are finally believing the disease is real and changing their ways, which is reducing transmission. Or it's just a blip or a reduction in quality of the data. I dunno. My point was that more infections would mean less lethal in this case. I wasn't talking about opinions, I was talking about threats. If one of those racists advocates violence against a specific persons, they will get a visit (so long as someone notifies the the police) Sure, if you don't want to see opinions you need to avoid the people that have ones you don't like. At uni I used to keep a text file with huge ascii art one word messages (redundant but large) and I'd "write myfriend lunch.txt" or whatever and they'd get a huge "lunch?" on their terminal. It was even more disruptive than texting is today ;-) Shouldn't evidence be inadmissible based on how it was obtained? An illegal search is an illegal search regardless of what was searched or who owns it. I'm not a fan of the defendant here, but I am a fan of holding the authorities to the rules. You know it's their job to uphold the law. Even if I agree with most of that, I don't think keeping the road wide and using the outside area a bike lanes will work. People are going to see a wide road and drive fast anyway. I suspect you'd have to actually narrow the road, not just reallocate the concrete. But TD;DR maybe that was covered and I'm wrong. I would add "The End of Eternity". The ending of that book was by far the best I've ever read. Everything in the book is brought together and everything that matters to the main character is put on the line in one decision which is resolved in a fun and unexpected way. >> Just being able to turn instances of baz(bar(foo(ob))) into ob.foo().bar().baz() would be worth it to me. That's funny because I thought he was trying to suggest nobody use the . notation any more, while you give a nice example of going the other way. >> This change would make it even more attractive to break out functionality that does not depend directly on the internal state of an object as standalone functions, in effect creating a sort-of "limited class re-opening". You can already write the functions that way, nobody is stopping you. f(x,y) a function that returns something based on x and y. x.f(y) a method where object type x does something based on y. The second form will have access to private members of x and has some notion of the object doing something. The first form implies that x is just an argument to the function. What I see is C++ going from object oriented to functional - in other words following whats trendy. That said, I think they should take all the lessons learned doing high performance implementations of C++ and start over to create a new language that doesn't suck with all the baggage. >> But really, all the other interesting stuff aside (cascading errors, modal input), it really boils down to the undefensible decision by Airbus to average inputs from both pilots. That's funny. I thought it was because they don't get sufficient stall training. The input blending would certainly be a contributing factor, but they would have made it if the guy did exactly nothing instead of the wrong thing. This goes along with my feeling about the SF accident where the (was it Korean?) pilots don't generally fly planes but rely on the automation. Asthma: Please look into Magnesium, Iodine, and if you're over weight do what you can about that too. These things did wonders for my asthma. YMMV of course. I read the wikipedia link. How do they get the energy out? What are the byproducts? etc... >> International agreements are always negotiated privately before being submitted to legislatures for public comment and ratification. The whole problem with that is the folks doing the negotiating do not represent the public and they are in effect agreeing to have laws passed. One group is negotiating to have a second group pass laws, who are supposed to represent a third group - the people. I suppose they think bringing it to congress for a vote makes it all OK, but where was the real debate? >> toyg 3 hours ago | link > at the heart of convergence lies the fact that you want to scale across different form factors I have this feeling one day we'll look back at this and laugh. "Do you remember when they all tried to shove the same interface on all devices? What were they thinking?!" Umm but even phones have HD displays and 1GHz 64bit processors. Why should that be any different that a desktop system with a 5K display these days? >> I always found the backlash against this project somewhat baffling. In my case, I found the Wayland concept very compelling from the beginning. I had thought X had become bloated and needed a replacement. The Wayland approach seemed to be a huge simplification and in need of developers to bring it home. From my POV it looked like Mir happened because Canonical agreed about X and thought Wayland looked like a nice idea but they had slightly different ideas and forked for reasons I never really understood. After reading this interview I still don't understand. A fork without clear purpose can seem like a waste of resources and market fragmentation and that will lead to some resentment. I suspect some of it is related to their desire to support closed-source blob drivers and I can understand that, but I also had enough of that world and don't want anyone to support it. In the end, I personally don't hate Mir, but I still don't understand why they're doing it. Either way I look forward to running a simplified desktop without X. I had copied that exact text to clipboard to ask the same question. I would guess it's dependent on having video rather than a still but I really don't know. Reducing the ice albedo from 0.6 to 0.55 allows the frozen planet to be thawed far less abruptly with little or no overshoot. In other words, making the ice dirty should melt it quickly. Just an observation from playing with the model. >> > It's just designers trying to justify their own salary. >> Seems a little unfair. Not when you've been using computers for 35 years and have seen it migrate from flat to nice to gratuitous and now back to flat. The original bevels on buttons were a nice indicator that it was in fact a thing you could push. Lots of subtle cues were added in the late 90's and UI probably reached a high point. Then the graphics hardware got awesome and compositing with lots of effects became possible. These were used because they looked neat at first glance. Designers wanted to stand out and went crazy with bling. Then there was backlash, and now the trend is toward flat, simple, and frankly - in many cases - ugly UI. The pendulum is swinging too far back the other way IMHO. But not to worry, it will go back in time and we'll eventually have another high point. Probably better than the previous high since touch and swipe and all kinds of new things will be properly part of the picture. >> However, what does not make sense to me is the asinine requirement that a web developer needs to know or understand algorithms. A front-end developer working with HTML, CSS and Javascript will never EVER need to know how to write an algorithm. In my 12 years as a developer thus far I have never needed to solve a complex math problem or write an algorithm to markup some HTML, the closest I get to math problems is simplistic operations in Javascript like calculating the scroll distance from the top of a page or mathematically moving an element around the page in a particular way and I generally use a calculator for these problems. Perhaps some folks want to automate your job. That's not to say you're obsolete, just that some people want the machine to do absolutely everything automatically and that often means algorithmically. That's probably more effort than its worth in many cases, but sometimes it's well worth it. A facebook feed or Google news have a fairly consistent layout, but what content goes into it is definitely chosen by an algorithm (IMHO a poor one at facebook) and the layout is probably tweaked by algorithms. >> Why is it so hard to believe that the mind controls the body at a cellular level? Because modern medicine (and science) does not like to believe anything that it has no explanation for. You can show not only correlations, but causative action and a lot of people will reject the finding if it is unintuitive and has no known mechanism. IMHO this has become a problem. Even though we claim science starts with observation, people still don't believe what is in front of them unless they have something conceptual to hang it on. I found an algorithm to determine the parity (even or odd) of the number of factors in N. Never wrote about it because IDK if it's unique, and also because it's time complexity seems poor and I never tried to prove any upper bound or make it faster. Anyone know of something similar? Would this be interesting? Thanks, the mathoverflow link was very informative. It's funny because I started out computing a number that I thought would be useful for factoring N, but it turned out that it would take one of 2 values depending if N was prime or had 2 factors (this is easily proven). Subsequent testing via software seemed to indicate it was actually determining the parity of the number of primes. I believe that's what it does in general but never bothered to go any further. Is this fake physics or real? How deep is the fluid, what methods are used etc... Looks really neat. I've been wondering when the high power rocketry guys and the skydivers will get together... It doesn't say what the input to the device for programming keys is. Is it the VIN# ? Is there some magic to pairing a key with a car that can be done from outside with the ignition off? There's really nothing here to indicate what one can or can not do to prevent it. Stronger proof? One of the banks turned in the others in exchange for immunity. You don't think there was any documentation? Perhaps email or witnesses? Your points about burden of proof may be valid, but your case for a lack of evidence is itself lacking evidence. >> But what seems absolutely impossible to me is that we have different correct theories, i.e. they describe nature flawlessly where they apply, but they nonetheless lead to inconsistencies or contradictions. But isn't that exactly where we are with quantum mechanics and relativity? Everyone thinks that if we were smarter or given more time, a unified theory will emerge that looks like one or the other at the appropriate scale. What if that never happens? I think the author is asking "What if that's not even possible?". It seems possible to him because there is no known reason for the mathematics to fit the world in the first place. In the end we shall have: Walled gardens - kindle, nook, etc... Regular Printed books Free stuff The free stuff will consist of: Books with expired copyright - Project Gutenberg Books that authors decided to give away for various reasons Illegal copies of stuff The illegal copies are the reason for the walled gardens of course. This unfortunately doesn't help the blogger who wants to transfer his stuff to different devices, but that's the problem with DRM. Anyone selling non-DRM books is likely not to be as profitable, will not get big names in their catalog, and will either fail or stay second rate. Meanwhile, B&N stores are full of people. IMHO they would have to screw up badly to go out of business in the next few years. ebooks just aren't that great from a business perspective. While it probably wouldn't need to be destroyed, the last thing you want is for part of it to lay down on the ground still producing thrust. Better to be certain. >> My entire physics lab watched this happen live. Now imagine how people felt back in '86 when the challenger exploded with 7 people on board including a teacher. Shuttle launches were common by then but a lot of people were watching live due to the teacher on board aspect. It brings a whole different set of emotions to the event. Nobody made a joke that day. >> I hate the idea of employer-provided healthcare. Yup. The most obvious problem is that when you change jobs, you change providers. That alone is undesirable and contributed to the problem of rejections due to pre-existing conditions. The less talked about aspect is that large companies are self insured. Meaning they cover all the costs and just have an outside company manage the plan. The issue with self insured companies is that on average, working folks are healthier than non-working ones. That means it shifts the higher costs to the non-corporate plans - medicare/medicaid. Just taking away the incentives for this and having people get their own plan would have gone some way toward a better system. I have not looked at this particular case, but if you have an agenda to push, it makes sense to take time to establish a solid looking reputation. Also, high "comment karma" means lots of activity. There have been times on HN when I noticed similar things and wondered... I told a landscape designer it should be possible to walk around a property with a camera and then automatically build a 3d model. Turns out others are working on it. Good job. FYI what he does is take measurements and make a 2D top down drawing and then start sketching concepts for hard-scape ideas around the building. Ultimately he'd want a drone to fly around a house and automatically creaete a 3d model and 2d plan. That would probably be exceptionally useful. He's pretty efficient at doing measurements and drawings, so fully automatic is almost the only way to be useful to him. Of course that's just one guy but I thought the example may be helpful. >> The last two Disney movies I watched (Frozen and Maleficent) both were resolved not by romantic love of a man and woman, but with the the love between two women. Have not see Maleficent, but I have heard nuts claiming Frozen was some kind of pro-gay film. It is resolved by (non-romantic) love between family members. I saw the movie twice in theater with my kid and couldn't find ANY indication of gay-ness. Anna ends up going after a man. The main plot is about self acceptance and embracing who you really are. While that metaphor can easily be applied to being gay (in todays world), I suspect the only people who instinctively made the connection are either gay or terribly anti-gay. Gotta love Elsa, her and Merida are the best. >> I have looked at basically all available open-source CAD kernels, and verbnurbs is the absolute cleanest and most well written I have ever encountered. Let us know when it handles trimmed NURBS. Until then, no serious CAD really cares. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parasolid I like that idea. I remove commented code when it's "old enough" but know how long it's actually been could be really helpful. >> That's GPL, not LGPL. LGPL only requires you to release the source of the part you used, nothing that links with it. Nothing that dynamically links with it. Static linking makes your code part of the library and requires source. Yes, 360 video is IMHO dumb. But the ability to select a "normal" shot after the fact - or in real time without a gimbal - would be really awesome. Great for capturing drone video for example. Great, so have the user explicitly put it in training mode. >> We should be building machines to explore the solar system. This can be done for a fraction of the cost, time, and it will allow him to allow us to iterate quickly. One man on mars for a day will be more informative than all the remote hardware we've sent so far. There is no substitute for being somewhere in person. Aren't the vaccines supposed to protect us from the anti-vaccine movement? Oh right, they don't always work so we need herd immunity. How about this: Make eradication a priority rather than endless vaccination programs that look like corporate welfare. I know this is actually very very hard. Stop telling people the mercury really isn't a problem and just quit putting it in there as a preservative. This OTOH is not hard. I'm not going to debate weather the mercury passes through, just pointing out that we don't even need to have the discussion. I know cost is supposed to be a factor, but when my employer is having someone come to give flu shots "for free" I don't think the cost difference is too much for a first world country. Eliminate the concern rather than worry about convincing people. I'm going to offer a contrary opinion here and say that while the work is technically impressive, it's also crap. It's purely a case of "if the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail". It is also NOT just HTML and CSS. Most of the real work is done in JavaScript. Given that, you might get better performance writing a software rasterizer that puts the whole image into a single rectangle and put that on a single div without 3d transforms. Another more "pure" implementation would use XSLT to convert XML into SVG with 3d transforms along the way. What we really see here is a JavaScript 3D engine with a CSS backend. Impressive - yes. A good idea - not so much. One downside to that is that cooling everything will add to NOx in the emissions. A nice hot exhaust is needed for the catalyst to complete clean combustion. Not that it's a bad idea, just that it has an emissions tradeoff. You missed one - perfect balance. The CG of a properly designed rotary does not move. It's the reason it can rev so high. And flat torque across most of the RPM range is the reason for the power density since torque*speed=power you increase power by spinning faster. Oh wait, you did say smooth power delivery. It does go together with the others. If the standards were more strict, some of these issues would not exist. I see this as exploiting a lot of slop in protocols. It should not be possible to interpret a URL as anything but a URL, yet here it's being reflected back and interpreted as something else entirely. Agreed. I've done several silly things just for the technical challenge. >> For example, when downloading a file from a website, what default name should you use for it? There is a header to tell you, but not ever page supplies such a header; so the browser needs to do something. It chooses to pick the last component of the URL as that filename. Yeah, and that's slop in the protocol. If the header was required everything would still work, web sites would just have to fill in the header. What's easier to do, comply with a protocol where your site brakes if you don't, or to have swiss cheese and then make site developers learn a bunch of security best practices and hope they get it right? Also in there is the good old "this site wants to blah blah" and ask the user to decide. If you have to ask, the answer is "No! fix your site so it's not on the user to decide". Broken certificates? Not my problem, browser should just say "sorry site security is busted" and leave it at that. It's an old debate, but AFIAC there is no debate, only lazyness. >> Can someone ELI5 what's going on here... Evolution. I think the concept of giving something away that someone did on the clock seems utterly stupid to them (on the surface it does sound dumb). Even though a solid library that's really useful can take on a life of its own and require less work in the future - just getting a port to a different language for free could make it well worth while if you ever needed it. Then there's licensing and lawyering around releasing something. I understand it, but also wish this would happen more often. >> But that means you really need five variants of the sin function and you need to dynamically dispatch between them based on the current rounding mode Just define a rounding behavior for the language and implement it that way. Don't claim full 754 support, just specify the strategy used by the language. A sin function should behave according to the design of that function and should be able to ignore any previous state of the FP hardware. I have not seen a language that directly supports setting the rounding modes, so any language libraries can do what they like - you don't need to preserve or worry about something you don't offer the option to modify. With all the state and modes and such, is there a mode that just does perhaps: round to even, clamp to infinity, never produce NaN, and never trigger an exception? Because that's basically what a lot of people want - do the math and handle the extremes in reasonable ways without throwing exceptions. Arrays are indexed starting at 1. I asked about this and Jeff said it just depends which types of problems end up having to use +1 or -1. I said anything mod n is now going to have the +1 and he actually paused for quite a while. I know it's an unsolvable debate, but I thought indexing from 1 went out with Fortran. I also would have thought the math folks would prefer to start at zero. Thiomersal is a mercury compound. Mercury is know to be bad for you. The research only tells us that the compound is out of the blood stream in X hours, it does not tell us that all the mercury is gone - i.e. the compound could break down and the mercury stored away. This is not certain, but given there are alternative we may as well use them - that was my point and it has nothing to do with autism. >> Do you (or anyone else reading this thread) have advice for current college students looking for internships or their first full time job? Do something and write it down. Most coursework is not relevant here, but classes that involve a large project - put down the what you did for it. Did you design something? Build something? Discover something? Win something? Lead something? I'm not talking about regular lab projects here, I mean big things that take at least half a semester. This has been my approach, YMMV. People can appreciate if you demonstrate an ability to DO stuff. Perhaps flagging those comments would be better, since they are what you claim to be the problem. >> One of the reasons it remains relatively high quality is necessarily that many users of the site do not use downvotes to express disagreement. I think the reason it's high quality is because it started as a place for the kind of people interested in startups. To me that means (statistically) well educated, ambitious, interested in STEM topics, etc... Just like in the old days of internet news before AOL made it available to the masses. For example, sci.math had awesome discussions among leading mathematicians, and then the masses came looking for help with their homework and those guys left. Like all good forums, if it does really well to the point that the general public takes interest, it will likely become crap. Or just use the right mouse button for blue. >> I have pitched tech to the NSA before, and it seemed like they were more interested in benchmarking the capabilities of the outside world than in actually adopting the technology we were pitching. That should be step one. They should not be interested in what you were pitching without benchmarking first right? Another argument for Net Neutrality. Just pass the data through please. Yes. And this: "Your 1,000 lines should be the essential core that enables a team of programmers to write another 10,000 lines effortlessly." If you're writing critical core stuff like that, you better spend a lot more than a week on it. I can't imagine working on anything where the team regularly writes 10,000 lines a week. Prototypes by one person can easily grow at 1kLOC per week for a short time, but that's a special case. Because US students under piles of debt need more job competition. Not. For web browsers I thought CTRL+ and CRTL- were for dealing with this, but I think that is stored on a site by site basis. Something similar for the UI would be nice too, but IMHO should be kept independent of the "data" the app displays. When you use OpenGL to map textures onto triangles it gets handled automatically. You might get a quality setting which enables higher resolution textures. That's often there for tuning performance on different hardware, but the effect is higher resolution textures. The stars seem to indicate popularity but not quality. They should have people rate it 1-5 and give a histogram like other places do, it's much more informative. The description of systemd - monolithic, taking on function of other things - sounds like the X server. Look what's happening now with Wayland, and look at how hard it's been to get there (hint Wayland is only possible as a result of all the driver architecture changes over the last 5-8 years). It's hard to undo this kind of thing once it's entrenched, but it can be done. But have you been to Disney World? I would argue that they are. States competing on deals like this is bad. If no state gave an incentive, they'd have to pick one at full price anyway. Also, if the deal is good with Tesla, why not give similar deals to every company that wants to put up a building? In the end states will just forego corporate taxes altogether and get all their revenue from the people. Is that bad? I'd have to think harder before answering that, but I'm inclined to say yes. Corporations don't retire, people do. People need to be able to get of the monetary treadmill, but companies don't. That's why HTML was intended for dynamic layout. People who want to specify fixed layouts are doing it wrong. >> But... it's better in every way! And this is where we disagree. I believe it's worse. The original crashes the system, which is really bad. The cases where this happens are few, and people are going to be aware of what they did to cause it (unzipping a bunch of files in there was suggested as a trigger). With the proposed patch, nothing will happen. The user will not be aware of the issue and the system will not update with the changes. The user may not even notice their action had no effect and if they do, it'll be a harder mystery than the crash to figure out. Some prefer the system to crash than silently ignore input. Error codes and messages are better than either of those. >> Every dollar taken as corporate tax is not paid as dividend, not invested in hiring another worker, not spent on buying supplies or services. Sure it is, just not spent by the corporation. The government will spend it - they can't seem to help themselves. The only thing taxes change is who gets to control where the money goes. One can just as easily say "tax corporate revenue" and not paychecks, since it's allegedly circular with money going back and forth between people and companies (people all the way down). I'm not advocating this of course, but we're living in a time when your assertions about profit going to hiring, supplies, and services are clearly false. It happens, but it's certainly not a given. Yup. There is nothing there in terms of hardware that can't be simulated on a regular computer in polynomial time. While reading, I kept wondering what other evidence there was in the case. They make it sound as if it's just the expert witness. >> Or, you know, just leave him the fuck alone. Do you hold the door for a guy in a wheelchair, or let it close behind you because you fear he's gonna resent any effort to help him? I keep thinking these two things are related: 1) reliable identity 2) good security. If you had a reliable identity - well implemented private key crypto or signatures, or perhaps just a fixed IP address - Communications protocols could be created that don't allow anonymous communication. You don't provide identity and they won't accept messages. The thing is, this would also allow private communications which neither corporations or governments want to happen. So the internet will remain insecure so long as companies want to read your stuff for "ad targeting" and governments want to read your stuff to "stop crime". Got that last part? Just using public key crypto allows anyone to communicate securely with anyone else - including people you don't know. If you have end-to-end security, your communication can't be read and you can verify who a message or threat came from. It's all good with the exception of 3rd party listening. It's probably easier to see that data went from one person to another (which is no change) but that doesn't tell you what the data is (which is a big change). I don't know why people don't seem to understand this. Or perhaps the lack of understanding is why it's not here. When you require a traceable signature of where software comes from, botnets become less of a problem. Remember, it's mostly criminal activity that is anonymous today. And that's my point, the same technology that removes anonymity also enables secure communication - hence we won't be getting it. Nor can it be handled by a physical device. >> It seemed to me that his long hours at work contributed to his developing the disease. What on earth makes you say that? Is there a documented link between working long hours and getting cancer? Citation please. It's always a bummer when someone offers a counterexample to his own point. Here we see: >> I recently wrote an essay: What India can Teach to the World and it basically explains how certain elements from the indian culture could improove any individual in the world. While he holds up 3 other cultures as being closest to optimum without explanation, he also suggests that they could benefit from elements of another. This naturally leads to a more evolutionary way where differentiation allows exploration of many elements which can then be adopted by others once they're identified as "good" whatever that means. From that very same link: "Although stress can cause a number of physical health problems, the evidence that it can cause cancer is weak." But they do make some statements that seem to support the idea as well. Use of bad statistics and refusal to answer specific questions that show the badness is usually reason enough to discredit someone or something. Also, in a) those stats are used by the companies (schools) themselves - that's where the journalists and advocates got their data. If you have good solid data, you lead with that. >> Charter schools are public schools - they are just less regulated ones. No, they are not. They are run by private corporations. That's like saying McDonalds is a public restaurant because they are open to the public. Please don't mix common understanding of what words mean with some plausible other use of those words, it does not actually help your cause. >> Then bill by project, not time spent. That's a very dicey proposition. How many projects do you really know the scope that well? You'll also need to define the deliverable in writing or the client may keep you around saying "it's not done", scope creep and all that... This is a key point you need to convince them of. >> Certainly, but I wouldn't fall into the trap of thinking naively that things would be better if only NASA had much more money. Exactly. NASA wasn't doing anything along these lines until they got their budget cut and some competition. I'm guessing mostly the budget cut because they were too busy spending lots of money in someones district to do anything different. Finally someone said "just stop that '70s stuff" and now we're getting somewhere. BTW I know the SLS makes a lot of reuse of shuttle launch hardware, but it is still a change. >> Emit X when you encounter P except if the third element of type Z (if it exists) of the grandparent of P is a Q with attribute TUESDAY having value FIZBIN emit Q's content transformed according to rule Y" is never going to be pretty And that is the logic that does not belong in the view. You've failed at properly separating the M,V, and C. Sounds like an extra step to me ;-) I always say if maximizing shareholder value is the goal, most companies should liquidate all their assets and become hedge funds investing in industries with higher returns. Yeah, it's tongue in cheek, but it make the point. Companies need to do what they do best, and if investors think that's a good idea they can invest. Then we can get away from the short term thinking, which is even better for the shareholders. Now do video compression with it. Do the first frame just like this, then start with that as the first generation to evolve the next frame and so on. Maybe have a way to dynamically vary the number of triangles - especially when the scene changes, you may even want to discard everything and start over if the first generation on a frame is a bad fit. Resolution independent video compression at last ;-) Burt Rutan designed a more modern plane, but was turned down because it was too cheap. ARES https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zG9LlHcX8lg Had not heard of that one. The notion of a shadow organization trying to control the course of humanity is very old. Asimov gave it a shot with "The End of Eternity" which has an amazing final chapter IMHO. But of course the concept is much older than that too. >> It's loaded weight is around 1/10 that of the A-10, they aren't at all comparable aircraft. If the primary mission is to carry the big gun, then they serve the same purpose. I would bet ARES could have benefited from being a bit larger with better armor, but the price tag was around $1M if I recall correctly, and the small size and composite construction may have given it a smaller radar cross section as well. Part of the weight savings is in the non-hydraulic control surfaces. It's nice that the A-10 could revert to manual control when both hydraulic systems failed, but that raises the question "why have them at all?". Simplicity is has been a major part of designs from Scaled Composites. >> It's a reporting engine. There's nothing else besides the "view," and as it is a reporting engine, the view is complex. The database query is complex. The presentation of data should not be. Mixing these together is a design failure to a lot of people. TFA even mentions this, if you subsequently need to generate a .pdf you're going to embed a redundant copy of the logic in that display code too. If you get the logic down at the lower level where it can be shared, then you can have as many views as need be without duplicating logic that doesn't belong there anyway. Problem with this model. If you turn the bias way up (demand 80-90 percent of your neighbors be like you) the segregation drops to zero. That doesn't seem to make sense and I think it's because they're moving to random locations that have low probability of being "better" by the binary nature of the metric. Bummer: "It was a very simple program—all it does is draw a square on a screen—but that’s the point, says Hadi Partovi" I don't want lawmakers that think imperative programming is all there is to it. That seems to be how they make laws - if you don't like something make it illegal, if you like something offer incentives. They never try to create a simple system with a more emergent behavior. Wait what? >>EDIT: also the fact that it's stamped "Unclassified" everywhere. If it was stamped as still classified and had been leaked, anyone with a clearance would risk losing it by reading the file. So a person with clearance can't read a leaked classified document? I'm confused, more explanation please ;-) This IS sounding vaguely familiar in some way, but I don't get it. EDIT: Thanks for all the replies. Also, I find it interesting how many people here on HN are up to snuff on security clearance issues and ready to answer this question. 5 informative answers in 30 minutes! I've always wondered why writers don't use things like revision control and decent diff tools. I'm not sure the existing tools are well suited to them (yet). While this is great news, I think YC-Detroit would have been even better ;-) There is a lot of talent here. As evidence, here's the First Robotics Competition team map: https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=zIJNq656OeBY.ke6fB8... Our teams also have a long history of winning ;-) What widgets are used? (I'm not a web dev and only dabbled in that over 15 years ago) If you use native widgets, then you end up with a cross-platform app framework. If you create your own widgets, then you end up with a cross-platform GUI toolkit and app framework. Which is it? Either way, this seems quite interesting. OTOH, can you do apps this way with anything other than js? I completely agree. It's just that YC kinda has a reputation as being #1 at least for the kinds of startups they do. Either way, Detroit (or the Detroit area) has been overlooked IMHO and this is still a great thing to see. >> I've been told that the suburbs immediately outside Detroit city limits are rich as Croesus. Yup. Oakland County was once the 4th richest county in the US. Michigan leads the nation in families with second homes. Everyone around here has a second home (cottage, cabin, etc) on a lake from 1-3 hour drive away. OK, not everyone. Part of it is that there are so many lakes that they're relatively cheap. I even knew a guy who bought an entire lake - property was like 100 acres and lake was within that. This cost him less than a two bedroom place in SF. I like the idea of high density right to the edge of town. You get all the walkability but also green (or white that far north) space right nearby. I think the ideal might have some characteristics of fractals to allow all the dense areas to border on the empty areas. OU is still hosting the annual AUVS intelligent ground vehicle competition - autonomous vehicles. My team took 2nd place back in 1994. Yeah Google, we've been doing that stuff for 21 years. They're also building another engineering building. >> Wow I sure hope that's a dumbed-down explanation for the press, because I don't want my radio and (say) my ABS or traction control to have enough of a connection to each other to even establish any kind of "firewall" between them. Don't worry. The airbag supplier is looking out for themselves and doesn't want anything screwing up their modules function. The engine controller and brake system are certainly connected via CAN but you're not going to reflash anything without using the correct protocol and having the right key for each controller. You also don't need to worry about buffer overflows or such because CAN is strictly limited to 8 byte (or less) packets and a 29bit message ID. Most messages define particular signals to be in those bytes and critical signals have checks run on them. And on and on... No, it's not perfect but I don't think you need to worry. How do you otherwise like the electric? I might have done some work on that. I see false positives. So last week I decided to do my first project that will use a Raspberry Pi. I googled around to the pi site, amazon, newegg, (gasp) radio shack, microcenter, etc... I figured out what I wanted to get but didn't put anything in any carts. So then Pi ads start showing up on Facebook. IIRC a Radio Shack Pi ad too. Whatever. But now when I buy one, is Facebook going to claim some responsibility for the sale? Because they honestly don't deserve it. I'm going to buy one anyway and I have not seen an ad for a place I didn't look already. While I often give a real store the business based on "I can get it on the way home" the price difference in this case is nuts. So NewEgg it will be and Facebook ads aren't going to influence that. In this case, correlation does not indicate causation. The only thing that seemed strange to me was the use of the word "minimal" in front of convex hull. I don't recall ever seeing that. You left off just plain downvoting. I've seen some fairly benign comments on certain topics go down to -3 or -4 in a hurry with no counterpoint given. Stuff the collective here will often ignore or debate, but down it goes. So are they going to use statistical models to figure out how much to charge for ads? That seems like a hard sell. Perhaps because OOP was the big thing for so long, younger people learned on OOP. Those arguments from 40 years ago were either not taught or not emphasized. As a result, functional seems fresh and interesting. Throw in a few problems that become trivial with it and people get very excited and it becomes the "new thing". On sentiment analysis. I have a friend who posted a lot of status messages that indicated mood. Often on top of the world, often raging about someone or something. I took the time to put 1 year worth of comments into a spreadsheet and gave them a 1-5 score for what I thought her mood was. I wanted to run an Fourier analysis on this to see if a roughly 28 day signal was apparent, but the data was sparse and I didn't feel like finding a way to do it. Can you do that? Can you do it for other people and not just yourself? That would cause quite a stir. FWIW the person I wanted to analyze is probably bipolar, so her posts were always very extreme and that's what got me thinking. My interest was purely science (and humor) but others might want to use/abuse such information. >> How do they determine blade position? I assume you mean the motor rotation angle. It's probably not a brush motor, but a 3-phase synchronous motor. That means instead of having a commutator to apply the voltage to the coils, a computer switches some FETs to apply the voltage. In the simplest case, the rotor is assumed to follow the applied voltage waveforms. In a more typical system, the rotor position is estimated from the applied phase voltages and measured currents (usually via PLL or a sliding mode observer). If you mean "how do they determine the blade pitch?" then the answer is that they don't need to. The controller - weather that's a computer with inertial sensors, or a person watching it - will just manipulate the amount of torque variation until it gets the response that it wants from the copter. Much like you don't actually need feedback of your cars gas pedal position so long as you have vehicle speed feedback. Its very interesting how they get to use commercial flights to do landing tests. If 50 years from now rockets are reusable and there is competition, they'll be depending on the cost saving of reuse. Any new competitor will be at a significant disadvantage. It's development that is dirt cheap by todays standards, but will be considered expensive in the future. It is the programmers job to check for overflow. There are a lot of comments here about having a language check for overflow, but that is not practical. Specifically, the language doesn't know what to do in the case of overflow. The best it could possibly do is throw an exception, and I suppose that's what those commenters want it to do. But it's still up to the programmer to decide what to do and implement something. Are you going to do that for every math operation in a program? If not then you're already thinking about where potential problems may occur. Sometimes you want an overflow. I like to use 16 bit values to represent angles from 0 to 360 degrees - you can add and subtract these and never need to worry about the wraparound - I don't want that to throw an exception. If your code is going to overflow when you don't expect it to, you've got a bug and the language isn't going to be able to save you. I feel like noobs hitting an overflow for the first time think the world would be better if the machine could "just take care of it". That said, one solution to overflow in some cases is saturating arithmetic. Supported on some processors, but by no languages that I know of. That may be worth considering. Seriously? I think Python is fantastic, and IMHO this is due to Guido. But seriously, how can he possibly comment on someone else's attempt to improve the performance of Python? He should look in a mirror when saying that ;-) It's a hard problem, I wish more people would attempt to take care of it. >> If I may ask, what is the point you're referring to? Perhaps as someone else pointed out, aliens could be a metaphor. There were plenty of places here on earth that didn't get the message about god back in the day. When that guy says "there is no data" he's ignoring a lot of history. Replace planet with continent and you can see how God actually handled beings in different places - he didn't. Problem: They propose a solution and calculate the reliability of the solution. Why not test it with their FPGA based memory controller and demonstrate an improvement? Second: While the problem looks real enough, the tests to demonstrate it are not realistic. Hammering the same rows with consecutive reads does not happen in the real world due to caches which the get around via flushes. I'd like to see more data on how bad the abuse needs to be to cause the problem. Will 2 reads in a row cause errors? 5? 10? 100? They never address how likely this is to be a real-world problem. I don't doubt that it is, but how often? >> parallel hybrids like the Prius work by keeping the engine at the most efficient throttle setting Parallel hybrids like the Prius, Fusion, etc... do benefit from having something like a CVT, but the biggest gain comes from recovering kinetic energy during braking. Notice that they all get better city mileage than highway! That's because cycles of stop/accelerate have a very low penalty when most of the energy is recovered, so the difference in fuel economy is dominated by drag which is worse at higher speeds. Hybrid planes and boats make little sense. This one wins by using a smaller engine and supplementing it with an electric motor for takeoff. Now give me a series hybrid twin-engine aircraft and you've got some possible redundancy/safety improvements, but not much in the way of fuel savings. >> Fully electric commercial aircraft are going to need to stretch electric engines as well as battery technology well beyond what they're presently capable of. No, just the battery. Electric motors can reach 96 percent efficiency at the mid to high power levels you need in aircraft. I hit 95 percent for a motor and inverter combined with I was in EV development. It's all battery improvements from here. >> I don't fully get it. How come an airplane can recharge its battery in flight? In a normal plane takeoff is at full power, while cruise is at 75 percent power. So build a smaller engine that can achieve what the big one did at 80 percent and supplement takeoff with the electric motor. Now during cruise you can use the extra 5 percent to recharge the battery. Smaller engine = possibly better efficiency and weight. >> But C, holy shit, C? You'd write a program in C? Most of the worlds software rides on the back of C. Pick a language, the runtime is probably written in C. Any high performance libraries are either in C or C++ (QT anyone?) and for numerics you may still find Fortran. If performance is a requirement or running on a micro controller, you're going to have some C or you fail to get the best performance. That said, stuff like string processing sucks in C - some say that's why C++ was invented. >> And of course it requires assuming "unmarried" is not distinct from "widowed" and "divorced", which may or may not hold up. Not really. Many people consider those other options as special cases of "married" or "unmarried". In that case, how you match them up is not relevant to the problem because she still fits one or the other. She could also be a cat, which would change the answer. >> There's so much we skipped: the code in the blog post actually computes pretty terrible results compared to an even moderately tuned pipeline :) That's fine. I am a day away from starting an image processing app and was thinking of Python and some libraries. This blog confirms that idea and gives the right amount of "starting point" for my effort. My requirements are very different so showing a more specific solution while still interesting is of less universal value. Perhaps a part-II with more application specific methods would be good. >> Serious question: are there any existing electric propulsion systems remotely capable of the same performance characteristics as a turbofan even assuming a zero weight battery? Sorry about the late response, but NO. When I wrote that I forgot about power density. Electric motors are currently better than (or comparable to) ICE, but probably not close to a turbine. >> You are getting down-voted because Paleo is not scientific. Weather or not the basis of Paleo is sound is not relevant to his point. Not only does he claim benefits for himself, but notes that others seem to agree in similar ways. I'm really getting pissed at the commercial medial establishment for denying anything that doesn't have clinical trial can be good. Plants or minerals that have helped people for thousands of years are called "homeopathic" or "alternative" by real doctors. Now we're seeing studies that claim various things have no benefit "for people on an already healthy diet" as a footnote. Yet good old aspirin is a plant derivative, as are some other things. But I digress. His point is independent of the basis for the diet and hence should not be downvoted for that. From that link: "He urges that men of science should then turn to the massive task of making more accessible our bewildering store of knowledge." I've been meaning to write a book. I accidentally became a bit of an expert in an area that is not very accessible. I started doing it in the 1990's and find it's still not accessible and not taught until at least the masters level. I'd like to do a book that brings it down to a more normal level and pull it out of the hands of the PhD - there is no real reason for that. Need some time and motivation, but I recommend anyone who has expertise to write a book or blog and try to simplify complex subjects. Wikipedia is often the opposite, with technical subjects dominated by equations and complex math - that's fine for advanced people but does nothing to help anyone get started. Agreed. Got a call from a headhunter for a contract job I was uniquely suited for because of the niche I had been working for 10 years. I needed a change but was quite relatively content so I aimed high with my requirements, got the job, and then slam-dunked it so well someone tried to sabotage my efforts. I also agree with the post that there are a lot of different things to be good at in programming. I tend to be good at some of the ones that are not mainstream, and I tend to suck at some that are mainstream. Sometimes that makes me awesome, sometimes it makes me stupid. >> An indication that Google no longer considers the phone functionality of a smartphone to be all that important? I cringe whenever a product fails to perform perfectly at its primary function. Other stuff I'll let slide, but if it's any kind of "phone" it better make calls flawlessly. From previous experiments, any program that stores image data in quad-tree order (or even just tiles, but I hate tiles) should be able to pan around such an image with little effort even if you have only a fraction of the RAM but plenty of swap space. Of course zooming out will require either the full RAM or MIP maps. But IDK a specific app. >> You really want to go back to the days before evidence based medicine? Really? No, quite the opposite. But I also want people to stop rejecting things due to lack of evidence. If individuals or groups of people claim a benefit from something, why should that be rejected without proper investigation? I stand by my claim that Iodine and Magnesium cured my asthma and I have test data to back it up. Will it work for you? I dunno. But your doctor is unlikely to recommend it and no company is going to do clinical trials. >> You could start by improving Wikipedia. No. I don't have sources for whats in my brain. I also tried updating Wikipedia - a simple matrix equation for the Clarke Transform. It's supposed to be 2x3 matrix converting from a 3d space to a 2d one. They had the 3x3 form which adds an additional element, but AFAIK that is not the form Clarke used. I fixed it, it got changed back later. I find the number of places not requiring Linear Algebra in CS curriculum disturbing. Graphics, PageRank, Super Computing, and other areas are all very heavy on the matrix math. I know there's only so many course you can fit in 4 years, but this still seems like an oversight to me. Numerical integration methods (for ODE solvers) and constraint solvers should probably be covered better too, these are the basis for all engineering and scientific simulations. because internet. >> I have a comment more on the presentation than the content It's a thing: https://www.google.com/?gws_rd=ssl#q=power+of+storytelling&s... YC is supposed to help with things like that. They teach techies the business side of things and I would imagine they'd say "you need to hire someone to do sales" if that's what they needed. In this case they said from the start something like "we're concerned about your product idea" which was their primary problem. I suppose having someone with sales smarts may have helped them figure it out, since their idea was to help you-tubers sell stuff apparently. Those seem like things that you'd like to make. Some might even be interesting to look at, but What problems do they solve? Why would OTHER people want them? Go to each one and write what it does for people rather than what it is. >> Reproductive apathy is not the same as sexual. No, but this is: "More than a third of childbearing-age Japanese have never had sex: 39 percent of women and 36 percent of men, ages 18 to 34" I deleted my comment with the same complaint. He means if someone from another company's corp dev is talking to you it's because they may want to buy your company. This was unexpectedly unclear coming from PG. >> People always seem to know why stocks move - after they have moved. Hindsight is perfect, you just get all the survey results from the buyers and sellers and see what the common reasons for buying/selling were. Then you post an article before the closing bell that same day. Easy. I still don't understand. Those waffle irons are not needed at low speed. They did grasshopper landing without them right? Or perhaps they interfere if they are present and not working correctly? Either way, why did the rocket hit "hard" as Elon said? Rocket velocity shouldn't have anything to do with the waffles right? I've been thinking someone forgot to include the height of the GPS in some code somewhere, and this whole hydraulic issue while true, is a handy way to not publicly disclose a simple mistake. Don't wanna look like the mars probe that crashed due to unit conversion issues... So really, how does the hydralic issue affect the impact velocity? >> I think it's amazing achievement for the very first attempt. I completely agree. I was just confused by the term "hard landing" and the effectiveness of the grid fins at low speed. It didn't make complete sense to me. As for my "stupid mistake" comment, I guess running out of fluid is also as simple as it gets if that's all that went wrong, and they are owning up to that. That said, this is only a "first attempt" at putting it all together. I had fairly high confidence in them. Remember, they hovered and landed in Texas. Their first controlled re-entry failed, the second made it to the sea with onboad camera, the third was seen hovering at low speed from a plane. They had no reason to think this wouldn't work - which is not the same as having high confidence that it will work ;-) Putting it all together often leads to interesting things... I'm still impressed and look forward to the next one. They will likely get a call from the Smithsonian at some point. Tear it down, maybe test some parts, put it back together, and ship it to D.C. You'll be able to look at it and watch video of the launch and landing right there. You and the person who started this thread seem to think that way. I find there is just as much to memorize in math. fields, rings, groups, and all sorts of things. Oh and those greek letters. I like math and physics and stuff but I never thought there was significantly less memorization in math. Calc 2 techniques of integration and then DiffEq seemed like a lot of special cases that had unique solutions we had to remember. I once asked someone "how is this function used?" He put a breakpoint in it, ran the code, triggered it, and showed me a stack trace. "Here's how it's called." That was a nice specific example, but I wanted an understanding of intent or architecture or something he clearly didn't have. I almost never use a debugger, but my approach was developed in a time of 8-bit machines that didn't have debuggers. That said, I have seen bugs that could probably not be found without a debugger - including compiler errors. If that's true, who's to say our guys didn't launch the attack from their computers? Why would they even admit to being in there? The NSA doesn't say anything unless 1) they have to, or 2) they want to. I don't see why they would make this claim. >>Is there an algorithm that would find the minimum subset of these to cover every parasite/bug? This is the same problem we have in embedded systems diagnostics. We used to make a list of failure modes, and then a list of diagnostic tests. A given test may detect multiple different failures and I've made grids exactly like this. I always advocate for finding the minimum set of tests to detect all failures (to minimize false positives and simplify software). I was going to make the same point in this case, but parent already did. To be clear, sometimes it's sufficient to detect failure without knowing exactly what the problem was. For specific diagnostics you may want POST to handle that, but at runtime you may only need to detect that something has failed. Perhaps small scale production is becoming cheaper and more feasible. The cost of equipment continues to drop, as even expensive things are made by someone looking to increase their market. What if the additive manufacturing fans are right? What if 3d printers that can actually make good stuff get cheap but remain slow? Fused titanium parts are awesome, but I don't expect that in my living room any time soon. Sunshine. They talk about a 5kW system, but do they use some theoretical cost or do they consider the amount of sunshine in each location. When I see Detroit at #25 I'm suspicious because we have a lot of grey days. "...most firms can't utilize the contract style employee because their own processes are so broken, their projects so tightly coupled and intertwined and undocumented, that they can't imagine how to separate something out." I frequently find it frustrating that an employer can have meetings and make specific plans for a rented person doing a one time project, but they generally don't know how to organize or make their own people more effective. It's like the employees are a given, but this outside thing needs special approval and funding so it needs to be handled well. >> if Capital One had terms and conditions that said, "we can use sales data for unrelated purposes", they would be able to trade on that information themselves. And then the employees wouldn't be guilty of insider trading. They would only be in violation of some agreement between them and their employer. Right? It's probably the equipment makers obligation to have this kind of internet-wide scan done on their devices. A central agency may not even know what's out there, and it's not really reasonable or efficient to have it be the gas station owners problem. Well it is kind of their problem, but it's really stupid to expect every station owner to solve an internet security problem themselves. As a motor control guy I'd really like to have a look inside Teslas control algorithm. Most people - even experts - leave something on the table. This improvement is no surprise to me. >> I wonder if they typically launch with very conservative defaults and over time can learn more about the system and what tweaks can be done without causing too many issues. Good point. Slamming full torque as fast as possible on a Tesla might physically break things and should only be pushed out as an update after appropriate testing. I'm assuming they were not even getting the highest possible torque out of it though. Electric motors are a fairly interesting problem and most of the work goes into dealing with limiting cases. Most of the literature doesn't even deal with some of the fundamental problems and most people just avoid them by leaving a little performance on the table. Digital Signatures on the updates. touche Does that really happen? Because that would be awesome. >> That being said, Greece can afford to pay back its debts. The current debt to GDP of Greece is 175%. Not relevant. The only way Greece can pay back the debt is to have a trade surplus - more money coming in than going out. End of story. GDP is an interesting number but money circulating within the Greek economy increases GDP without helping the debt in the slightest. OK, taxes on the circulating money can be used to pay the debt, but if they took 100 percent of the GDP they still could not repay the debt. Most americans don't even have the ability to record the show. I do, and might if I feel like it, but to be honest it's not worth the disk space. It's a live event so it's just not exciting after the fact. Normal statistics don't really apply when losing puts you out of the game permanently (like dying) or any other one-time risk. By definition statistics are about expected or average results. A company, VC, or casino can take a lot of risks and get close to the average results - an individual can't. How is the wayland/weston support going? This thing should be quite capable now. >> Witness the many retirees that get part time jobs because they can't stand sitting around all day. Hobbies are what they need. But after a life of working some can't trasition. I once heard that life expectancy drops 2 years for every year after XX that you retire. IIRC XX was like 55 or 60 but its a fuzzy memory. Of course thats an average. Visicalc played a large roll. The father of a friend of mine bought an Apple II in large part to do spreadsheets. While we're at it, I remember reading the inventor of the spreadsheet went to the computer clubs as showed his work. They all said "well yeah it can do that, so what" and he showed it to accountants and they all ran out to get Apple computers to run it. I think a lot of hackers focus on neat hacks that interest themselves, but overlook relatively easy solutions that could be a big deal to others. >> Every now and then people (on HN and elsewhere) like to rediscover pilot-wave theory and other similar ideas that posit that billiard-ball-like-particles still describe the universe. Have you seen the experiments of Yves Couder? Hypothetically, if a model like that produced an exact mathematical equivalent of quantum theory wouldn't that be more satisfying? It would also destroy some of the notions that have been mathematically proven - like EPR and Bells' inequality. A lot of people are unsatisfied with QM and looking for something more tangible - including physicists. Apparently pilot wave theory was never soundly rejected, the crowd just went in a different direction. Why can't they just grow the desired types of bacteria? On a related note, how can the bacteria survive in "pro-biotic" pills that you can buy? I'm suspicious. >> First they'd need to move WPF, which is implemented in DirectX. What version? There is DX9 support on Linux and IIRC a partial DX10/11 implementation bit-rotting somewhere. It's actually Free Software, not just open source. MIT license. >> Part of congress is already mobilizing against this movement. An unusually large segment of the public is paying attention to this. To kill it will require actively voting in favor of a bill. Seems like a big career risk for a politician. >> This is only part of the infrastructure anyway. You've still got all the routing, switching, media conversion, etc. to make that cable do something useful. Media conversion? Like taking HD signals, converting them to "standard definition" and putting those on the line too? So you can then charge more for higher quality "HD" signals which are still transcoded to lower bitrates? Yeah, we can do without that stuff. So the steel companies are finally getting scared enough to innovate. There are people trying to dramatically reduce the cost of titanium, Ford is dumping steel for aluminum, composites are even replacing aluminum in aircraft. Steel is starting to look like a relic of the 1700's rather than the great material it has been for so long. When I worked in EVs, one of the old timers (a guy almost 80 years old) told me the best steel for the motors should have some Boron in it. Some particular alloy that would have lower core loss at higher frequencies. But none of the big steel companies were interested in making it for us. They just wanted to make what they make. So even if it's not as great as it sounds, I'm glad somebody is doing something with steel. OK, so I got it wrong. Still, the cable in my neighborhood was laid before I got there 12 years ago. My bill has gone from $50 to over $100 and nobody has done anything locally - no digging. Sure they bumped me from 150kbps to 2meg many years ago, and I'm sure that was upgraded equipment somewhere. But even with 3 cables running down my street (yeah rare, wow, yippie) we still have relatively low data rates and high prices. >> I'm familiar with the philosophical differences between Free Software and Open Source. But in this context you seem to imply that there are practical differences i.e: Not all Open Source licences are considered Free Software in the practical sense. The Open Source Initiative (OSI) was certifying all sorts of licenses as "open source" under their definition. Basically if you allowed people to see your source code it was considered open source. That's not really practical and most open source licenses had an agenda of the company retaining control, which means people can't really do what they want. To most developers there are basically the BSD/MIT licenses that allow you to do whatever you want, and the GPL/LGPL licenses that allow you to do what ever you want - so long as you pass that freedom on to your users. These are both forms of Free Software, though the distinction causes much argument. Every other "open source" license is generally more restrictive and meant for someone to retain ultimate control, including the old Microsoft licenses. In my opinion the OSI did more harm to the movement than good by "certifying" a huge number of irrelevant licenses so companies could claim be doing the cool new thing. None of that code can be integrated into anything else under different terms - at least not without consulting a lawyer. >> How exactly is paying $300-$400 monthly for a new car "throw away" money? It's going towards the ownership of a useful piece of property. Maybe the author is talking about leasing? I don't know. He's talking about the difference between that monthly payment and paying cash for cheap used car and not having the payment. If you spend $2000 on a crappy car that you maintain yourself, that monthly payment seems like throwing money away. The whole point of the piece is that's not even close to the whole story. Buying a new car makes sense IFF: 1) you don't get a luxury car. 2) you actually keep it until repairs are costing you $3000 per year. 3) you can actually buy it without doing financial harm to yourself. How many rays/sec are you getting per core? What kind of acceleration structure? How many primitives in the scene? Why yes, yes it does. There are exceptions of course, you seem to have found one. Here are some others: http://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&item=gcc49_com... >> This suggests that the FSF should create a GPL-licensed fork a Clang/LLVM. To do that you need developer support for the fork, so it won't happen now. It won't happen until enough people are sufficiently upset with the current development path, and if/when that happens it will probably not be due to the license. >>Can someone explain to me what all the hubub is about. As far as I understand it and even as RMS himself states, isn't this mostly about them trying to block clang/LLVM tie ins to the debugger more than anything else? The "problem" RMS has with llvm is its non-copyleft license. And yes, the issue is that he doesn't want to support llvn with GNU tools. When LLVM started they used GCCs front end to compile C code until their own matured enough. So parts of GCC were being used to develop the middle and back ends of llvm. The LLVM ecosystem is systematically replacing the GNU toolchain with non-copyleft licensed versions and RMS does not want to support that in any way. >> I don't understand whats with all the gcc sucks attitude these days. It's worked for quite some time, and yes it's showing some age due to the lack of development so it has lagged behind others, but we should all be worried when people very influential in the GNU community start talking about why GCC is bad. I don't understand it either. GCC is still a great compiler. Developers seem to prefer the modular design of LLVM and they're probably right in that. Users like some of the features enabled by that design as well - IDE integration and cross compilation come to mind. GCC is starting to move, but slowly. >> I don't like this line of thinking at all. >> If GCC is behind, fork it and do what needs to be done to make it competitive. You make it sound like there are lots of compiler developers with time on their hands for open source development AND who share the licensing philosophy AND are unhappy with GCCs development path. Apparently there are not. Reading ESR tends to make me angry in a special way. I can understand people who prefer a BSD/MIT license over the GPL - they usually seem to understand the difference and claim the former are "more free" while kind of understanding the point of the later but disagreeing with its importance. But when I read ESR, he seems to have it in for the FSF and doesn't really seem to respect or even understand the philosophy at all. I've come to view him as a formerly-high-profile troll. Nope. Richard wanted GCC to remain monolithic to prevent certain commercial activities. LLVM is modular with many reusable components which was unacceptable to RMS. Of course he'd rather have a GPLed modular compiler than a free but non-GPL modular compiler, but I don't think he believed they'd get as far as they did and that's why he didn't accept the offer. >> Additionally, I believe we'll be moving to models more like what Disney has implemented with its movies (where you can buy it once, and watch it anywhere) is what will happen with most/all media. Can you lend it to a friend? I don't believe that "watch it anywhere" part. >> I think creating walled gardens and artificial barriers is always a mistake. This is the perfect example. Intentionally crippling a GNU project is absurd. I agree, and I'm sad to see it happened with the flagship software of the GNU project. "Endurance" is another one well worth reading. I hate that. The half page of code is not Lisp. Not even close, and I'm not talking about a standard library. There is no parser in there. Eval is operating on Lisp data, not lisp source code. There is no support for efficient math, or strings, or anything really. If that is lisp, then a byte code interpreter loop is every interpreted language: read_opcode, inc_pc, call a function indexed from a list indexed by opcode. It can be written in one line of C. This BTW translates to hardware a lot easier than the half page of Lisp. That one line of code by itself is also just as useless as the half page of Lisp. It's still interesting, but people need to stop claiming it's Lisp defined in this tiny little block of code. The X in particular. It seemed like a bad idea to click, and it was. While this is not even kernel related, I'd like it to coincide with significant adoption of Wayland. It's more of a distro-level thing, but it is a major advance in the Linux world. So hold off on 4.0 until some desktops and distros are ready for that as a default. I agree, but people seem to want to tie the 4.0 bump to something kind of big. A couple months ago I was contacted by a recruiter from Apple on LinkedIn. He claimed my skillset was a great match for some new thing they were doing but wouldn't explain. I thought WTH, I'd been doing EVs for the last 6 years and non-EVs for longer than that. Maybe they need to get some official vague news out so they can actually hire the people they need? I was wondering how hard it is to get actual vote data. I want a tool that lets me vote on issues I care about and compare my own preference against actual representatives to see how well I'm actually represented on issues that have actually come before them. There was a tool out prior to the last election that tried to do this, but it compared your preference on divisive issues (like abortion or immigration) to parties - not actual vote records and individual congress critters. When will homes be built with sensible electricity distribution? So often they put the breaker panel in the basement. I want a small utility room or closet where I can install inverters or this battery. I want to be able to run 220V to my stove, laundry, garage (car charging), battery storage, and AC relatively easily - none of these is in the basement (except the laundry in some home I've lived in). Also, if a basement floods, how is one supposed to go down there to access the panel without risk? And it's darkest down there too. It just seems to be the stupidest place to put it. What's up with that? One of the examples he gives falls under computational geometry even if its a basic question. Categorically those have become off-topic even though there is a tag for it. Seriously, go find something that requires some dot or cross products to compute and ask it - but not anything that resembles a graph, because they like graph theory. >> As a manager I can't very well come along later and say "Here's the real reason we let you go." Because the lawsuits would start to fly. As a manager, it's your job to do that BEFORE you have to can them. There is no reason you can't take a person aside and have a discussion. Is anything wrong? Are you OK? In my opinion your performance is lacking in area x,y,z. It's your job and it sucks to have those conversations, but don't feel bad after the fact for slacking off until it's too late. Nobody should be fired for poor performance and not have a clue as to what went wrong. >> Using past votes is a tough approach, since you need to decide what each bill "means" Presumably I'm only going to compare my preference to their vote on bills that I care about and understand. For example, Michigan blocked Tesla from selling cars here. They cut education spending, etc... Some people care about different things, I just want to know how the candidates stack up. True this only works for incumbents, but listening to campaigns is somewhat useless anyway. You could also compare your preferences to all of them and see which party actually represents you, I'm sure some people would be surprised. >> If you establish a paper trail and then try to pretend you're getting rid of them because there's no money you're going to get sued. Wait what? I know you can get sued for all sorts of things, but what is the reasoning here? Is it that the given reason is money, but there is evidence that the reason is something else? So what? Would they claim you lied because you don't really have a strong case for the real reason? I'm just confused by this. Metrics are very hard to apply to engineering, and software development in particular. This has been shown many times. Metrics became all the rage with statistical process control, where you monitor production of widgets. The problem is that engineering is by definition not creating the same thing over and over again - if you think it is, go use Excel to send email, and word for web browsing. There are lots of similar things among different pieces of code, and hence design patterns. But good metrics have proven difficult. Lines of code produced turns out to cause people to add redundant comments, and if you exclude comments it causes other things. Closed bugs/issues is better, but to be really effective you need to identify how new bugs are introduced. Some people create as many as they close and that would look good if you monitor closures. Other things have been tried with varying success. The core problem is that engineering is not a well defined process and never will be. Another way to look at is this: none of the marketing metrics he mentions have anything to do with peoples performance. Click rates are a measure of the effectiveness of a marketing strategy, not necessarily the effectiveness of a person in marketing. You use that data to drive decisions about how much to spend on different marketing activities. The equivalent for engineering is to determine how much to spend on each developer. In other words, who to keep and whom to fire, and that shouldn't be a really dynamic process. Even if you had good metrics on development, what knob are you going to turn to cause a change in those metrics? He needs to update the image quickly with a current one showing his own story. >> I think asian kids achieve more things because their culture enforces discipline, hard-work and obedience from a young age. What do they achieve more of? I keep hearing how the US needs to change education to be more like other countries so they can compete on tests, but why change when you're winning on innovation? Or do we attribute that to something else? >> as a cancer researcher... Iodine. Have you looked into it? The abstracts over on nih.gov are pretty interesting - google for "iodine cancer nih" without quotes. I'm curious what a cancer researcher has to say. Mostly I'm interested in weather your peer group has even looked at this. The best source of hydrogen comes from the ground. You pump this stuff out - it's long molecules consisting of a carbon backbone covered in hydrogen. You run it through something called a "reformer" to strip the hydrogen off. The reformer could be put on a car, but it'd be more efficient to do it on an industrial scale. Actually wait, if you just use a combustion process you can get energy from both the hydrogen and the carbon! AFAIK there are no other great sources of hydrogen. I hope this is as awesome as it sounds. It sums up everything I've been thinking about quantum physics, from "someone should look closer at Couders work" to "spooky action at a distance is BS" to "Quantum computers will never work - see spooky action". I call BS. If that's true, then Victor can not only send information across a distance, but back in time. Victor is changing the correlation of Alice and Bobs measurements after they have already been made. That's going to need serious verification for me to accept. Yeah, I don't like when they say it matches XXX to first order... Does it match or not? OTOH it suggests that another model might, just like Couder suggested. I would have liked to see Detroit on the list, or more accurately the suburbs around it. >> Also, do you have some explanation for violations of Bell's inequality that don't rely on spooky action? The article that started this thread is one. In some ways it's not even important that the model be a 100 percent match with reality. It behaves very similarly to reality and it matches the Bell inequalities without spooky action at a distance. Bells statement pretty much says this can not exist, yet there it is. So now we can stop talking about models that can not be - because they do - and see if any of them is actually a good fit for reality. Of course I'm assuming the math in the paper turns out to be correct upon review. >> What's nice is that their model is classical. Even if it "just" makes exactly the same predictions as other models, it's nice to have a model where physical intuition can be brought to bear. A classical model can also be simulated on a classical computer, so if it produces the same results as QM then quantum computation would be... fiction or just redundant? Does Pyston work with any of the GUI toolkits? If not, is it expected to at some point? I'm very happy paying $10 per month with Republic Wireless. I got the MotoX for $300 up front. It's not exactly unlocked because they have custom software for wifi calls and handoff. But I get "unlimited data" via wifi and if I really want reliable data on the go there is a $25 plan, plus you can switch plans with their app up to twice a month and have it prorated. Think you need cellular data for maps? Get OSMAND and download the maps you need to your phone. >> Everyone in the US gets unlimited data via WiFi. And yet they still make you pay for a "data plan" just because you have a "smart phone". >> You don't even really need a data plan with them as long as you've got Wifi coverage. Yeah, last I checked they had a $5 per month plan that's wifi only. You can still make calls and texts but you have to be on wifi. Not my thing, but they have it. >> If the university was not able to patent, then the startups could never happen. Since startups are credited with being the innovation driver in the commercial world, killing off all of these startups would have a stifling effect on innovation in the US. No, the research would still go on. Much of it is funded by government grants and that would still continue. The results of the research would be published and anyone could make use of it. That simplifies everything and results in more competition to commercialize things. >> I am wondering that what kind of real life problems could be modelled this way. Driving a car? Making a taco? Working the checkout counter? >> Then that somebody would need to be willing to take the risk and cost of a lawsuit that could drag out for ages, with an uncertain outcome. I think an author with a proper lawyer would be able to use the DMCA to shut them down rather quickly - meaning it won't drag out for ages. Copyright violation carries heavy penalties these days, particularly in the US. If you can prove it, get a lawyer to work on contingency. IANAL but this seems easy. No, that just shifts the burden onto every website instead of onto the few browsers. If they render differently someone needs to fix their browser rather than everyone has to build sites that work both ways. So if you have some lookup tables you can determine if a given number is prime. Up to some maximum based on the size of the tables. And apparently the time to generate the tables is quadratic in the size of n? Why is this relevant? AKS shows that determining if n is prime can be done in polynomial time - polynomial in log(n), not n. Is there something significant about these 2 sets of primes they talk about? >> Why noone is pointing out that methane emissions also increase global warming? Methane produces a much stronger greenhouse effect than CO2, so the obvious solution is to capture it and use it for fuel, which will convert it to CO2. >> I think its worthless to find the "optimal" sequence of instructions these days. That's funny, the difference between Intel and AMD processors performance is on the same order as what an optimizer can do. People are very disappointed in AMD these days because of it. Low level optimization always has and always will be important and people will pay really money for that difference in performance. Getting the right algorithm and having good cache behavior are still important too of course, but too many CS folks keep thinking that's all that matters. Just realized that feeding video from 2600 games into an AI is a form of cheat. All sprites are going to be fed perfectly into the AI as compared to using a video camera looking at at TV where pixels will not be perfect. Still a nice achievement, but one very complex aspect of "learn by watching" has been eliminated. >> Because they're intermediary steps of a process, regenerating them takes an hour and I don't feel like setting up everybody's environment to build them. Most people don't need the capability, but they need the result. Put your build tools in a repo. It should be easy to set up a new developer with a complete build system by getting it from the a repo. Now use make or anything that can check dependencies so those things are not regenerated unless they need to be. Always check in a freshly generated file along with its source. >> I used to drive a 4.4L V8 Land Rover and it was very interesting to find out that it would use ~$0.50 worth of petrol within 30 seconds of starting, just to warm the engine up The reason is to reduce emissions. An ex-GM guy once told me that you'll produce more NOx and CO starting your car than the entire trip. The catalyst need to be hot to clean the stuff up. They probably run it rich to get more fuel into the catalytic converter to heat it. >> having the intelligence to call her ex as a substitute was a brilliant move on the author's part. I still don't understand why he didn't have her look for HIM in her phone. Like dude, you know me, look in your phone I'm so-and-so. Look at texts between us. There should be a picture of him too. And why TF was there a picture of her ex in her appartment, but not this guy? This aspect of the story made it seem fake to me, but OK maybe it was very stressful to him and he honestly figured the ex would be more familiar than himself. IDK. Was going to bring this up. My father keyed that into his Kim-1 by hand and played it. Definitely predates the one here by several years and also fit into 1K. On a side note, I wrote one that ran on a PIC16 and fit into 4K of flash, while the part had only 176 bytes of RAM. It played over the serial port in a terminal. The 4K is not impressive, but I wrote it in C with a compiler that didn't support recursion because the stack is for return addresses only and is only 8 levels deep. IIRC I could do a 5 level minimax search on it. One can contractually agree to make some else the exclusive source for something while retaining the copyright. In which case, if you then offer it to someone else then that "exclusive" party can sue you for breach of contract. Of course this has nothing to do with any of the open source or CC licenses. Here's a more risky solution. Chose an arbitrary large file size. Have the decompressor search the local file system for a file of that specific size and make a copy of it as output. This presumes he's going to have the uncompressed file on the system to verify the output of the decompressor. That may turn out to be a false assumption, but what if... I'm not sure if this guy is more obsessed with the plane or the publicity. Either way, is anyone taking bets on how long until he loses his wife over it? >> You are literally equating a toolbar with parents not vaccinating their children. I think you've lost a basic sense of perspective here. He's saying: 1) Anti-vaxers don't trust corporation or the government - which is why they don't vax. 2) Corps/govs are repeatedly seen doing stuff for themselves at the expense of the public - this is where that lack of trust comes from. 3) Crapware and unwanted toolbars are an example of #2 It's a fairly direct contribution from 3 to 2 to 1. It's not that the crapware makes people fail to vaccinate. It's that the crapware is part of a widespread problem reinforcing the appearance of #2 which leads people to #1. I'm not a good bowler but I have made the 6,7,10. I think the problem with the "Greek Church" is that you've got the 6,9,10 setup and you're trying to just nick the 6 to send it to the opposite side to hit the 4,7. If you do that, the ball probably sends the 10 to the right of the 9 and you just don't get all 3 on the right side. The mirror image setup is completed far more often because a right handed bowler is aiming at the set of 2 pins (6,10) and the 6 can take out all the ones on the other side while the ball gets the 10. I wonder if the data included which pins were left standing after the failures. >> Agreed, I loved the old iPhone 3 UI, since then, it has gone to hell. Android is also in that hell, with the "Flat UI", and my brain hurts trying to find what's clickable. The whole point of going with raised buttons and such was to provide a visual cue as to what was clickable. It seems UI people who missed the early 90's are getting to relearn this lesson. When I saw flat I just shook my head. When Intel went for the "bottom of the market" with Celeron I don't think they went far enough down and now ARM has become a serious threat. >> I think the greater point is that the FAA is meant to regulate aircraft, not the monetization button on youtube. They have made the distinction before. If you build your own aircraft it can be certified as experimental. You can do anything you like with it that you might do with a Cessna, except commercial operations. I believe you can take a friend for a ride and split the fuel costs, but you may not profit. Why the type of plane matters is not clear to me. Likewise, flying a drone is legal, taking video is legal, why should profit from it be illegal? I don't know. Seems a good time to post this: http://www.ted.com/talks/allan_savory_how_to_green_the_world... It a TED talk about reversing desertification with farming practices. Not applicable to every crop, but here you go. >> What the oxygen membrane allows us to do is to skip that step between every layer, and simply keep shining a continuous changing image slice of the object as we're pulling the object out of the resin. What keeps the oxygen at the bottom of the tank? Why doesn't it diffuse upward and prevent curing? Why doesn't it get sucked upward and prevent curing? Are there limitations on the geometry needed to prevent oxygen from moving up? >> A similar idea was tried, the ill-fated Solidator used a pressurized vat bottom with a permeable membrane. Sounds like prior art. Details matter of course. >> I assume it is because it includes a 10-pound bag of libraries... Yes. The biggest source of this problem is that someone calling a function doesn't know how that function actually works and what its time complexity is. Sometimes it's that a function is asymptotically slower than it needs to be, but often it's that writing a composite of the calling and called functions could result in combining an inner and outer loop. When you use large libraries that do more complex things, your opportunity to optimize across levels goes away because you can't know all the code and where this issue will come up. >> It has been nine years since Florida was hit by a proper hurricane. Could that be a coincidence? Sure. Or it could be because of … something. Remember when we had that record hurricane season and it was blamed on ... something. And we were supposed to have a lot more in the future because of ... something. These people have to stop blaming everything on something. It's warmer, it's colder, record hurricane season, no hurricane in 9 years, everything is always blamed on ... something. And then they wonder why there are people who don't believe them. >> Conservative projections of sea level rise leave Florida inundated. The projections for warming over the last 15 years have not panned out. There was no rise. So the earliest projections from the alarmists have proven to be wrong . >> The argument that climate scientists claim x% of warming every decade is a straw man.. that is not a claim they have made and then failed at. Thanks for playing. You lose: https://www.google.com/search?q=global+warming+prediction+fr... >> I'm not sure how a Google search for a series of loosely related graphs addresses either of my arguments. Your argument was that my argument was a strawman. Those graphs all show projections that have not panned out. To be definitive, either of us would need to locate the original claims from a reliable source. >> Non-American here. Perhaps I'm being overly cynical, but why is a private company even been allowed to test kids? That is the key question. And it is a rhetorical question. It would be better to point to the fact that "this is not supposed to be the job of a private company." Phrasing it as a question implies that there may be a legitimate answer, and offers the people pulling this crap an opportunity to try to justify it with an answer. I've been to school board meetings where concerned parents ask rhetorical questions. IMHO the approach needs to shift to pointing out the boards responsibilities and the fact that they are not meeting them. Outsourcing is both failure to do your job, and also violating the childrens privacy as mandated by law. "Opting" in or out is just a diversion - it implies again that what they're doing ok because it's optional. I thought it had been observed with monkeys or apes that in times of scarcity they will share, but if you dump a whole truck load of bananas they will fight over them. The rise of agriculture would be a similar time of plenty which may be what triggered all the fighting and hoarding. That's an awful lot of text to advocate for immutable data to prevent shooting yourself in the foot when things go concurrent. I've got this renderer that takes a huge data structure and uses simple OpenMP constructs to draw images. There is an assumption that the underlying data will not change during a render. Do I need a functional language to enforce this? No. Would it be nice if C++ had a feature to enforce it? Yes. Will I eventually want to make something that can carefully modify the data while rendering? Maybe, but I'm not sure that even makes sense. I think a bigger threat is event driven code which IMHO is notorious for making things happen in unexpected order. I always thought XSLT has some SQL-like capabilities and I have always been angry that one can't simply pass a parameter to the interpreter via link. The idea being that menus could become active just by having links specify an item selected when they are clicked on and reload the same page. It's one little tiny thing (passing the parameter) that could make dynamic static pages. >> What do you mean by unexpected order? Events are find if your app is stateless (boring). Otherwise you may get events when things are not ready for them. You can get around that with lots of checking, or perhaps building a nice OO system underneath may help. I have a hard time explaining this because it can be subtle. See the Therac 25 for an example. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Therac-25 I found it odd that even after some success, you had to borrow money and look for credit limit increases. Or did you have the money and it was just that CC was the method of payment? They point to population growth as a contributing factor, yet they never suggest anyone do anything about that. How about free birth control to anyone who wants it? How about permanent birth control to any adult who wants it? I'd say free to anyone below some income level since the middle class can afford it anyway. With increasing productivity we don't have jobs for all the people anyway, why not encourage making less of them? I'm not talking about mandates or government deciding who reproduces, just having them help folks that would prefer not to have kids to not have them. The solution doesn't always have to be more regulation. >> I've managed to fund some of the work by doing other contract work. To be clear, you are donating your time to the project. There is no other source of funding. This is the same as a side project on top of your consulting gig. >> I think one of the keys to "controlling" population growth is to bring people out of poverty. That implies that poor people have a higher reproductive rate - which I believe is true. A shortcut is to offer birth control to poor people. Many of them don't actually want a bunch of kids, but when you're poor there's not much to do and sex is free. I agree it'd be nice to bring people out of poverty, but shouldn't we stop creating more people in poverty too? Prevention is cheaper than a cure. >> I wonder if there are strategic reasons behind this - do the US and European countries fear a growing China and India and feel the need to compete, for example? Well the US would be in a slow decline if not for immigration, so we're trying to get smart people to come here which both sustains us and deprives the others of talent. We also seem to like ambitious folks willing to work hard for less pay, so we maintain a very leaky southern border. China is the only country I know actively trying to address population. The guy who invented RISUG is in India, but I haven't checked how that's going in a while. It will be easy when AMD make a truly ambidextrous chip that can run code for either architecture. Jim Keller already said the ARM has a "bigger engine" and zen seems to be a derivative of their new ARM core or at least shares a lot of design. He also said the ARM requires almost no decode stage. One site even wrote a piece speculating along these lines. It doesn't make a lot of sense from a software point of view though - you want one or the other and parts would be disabled for either ISA. But it would serve Apple well. It would be this biggest coup the industry has ever seen. Well that awesome then! Carry on. I know a guy that grew up in a rural US town but went to college and is quite successful now. He went back and visited his ex girlfriend from high school. She had a kid to support and was going nowhere. He said he was extremely lucky not to fall into that trap. An exact quote: "There were two things to do in Beaverton, and I didn't drink". >> Lovely ideas, but very far out of reach. Some of our elected officials would rip apart planned parenthood and impose strict rules on birth control if they could. Much of the opposition to planned parenthood is their being a provider of abortions. Witness the new healthcare law requirements for insurance to cover birth control. But then Hobby Lobby wants an exception. I'm just advocating the offering of permanent procedures, which should be cheaper long term. I was surprised at that. As far as I know, nothing has ever passed muster. The classic "you can't yell 'fire' in a crowded movie theatre" is probably (my opinion) only true if it actually causes harm to someone. Of course it may cause "harm" to the business, but that would be a civil matter. If someone was trampled to death it could be criminal. In other words, our first amendment rights stop where it directly (not theoretically) causes harm. Or something like that. IANAL of course. Another analysis-free justification. Here, lets give every person $100. Assume some people are pure consumers and some are providers. Every dollar a consumer spends is going to be taken away in tax, because it has to be given back to the consumers again next year. The part I've neglected is that the providers are also consumers so the money will circulate among them under some circumstances. That means the tax rate could be less than 100 percent. I have yet to see anyone do a proper analysis of this to see if and how it can even work. The stupid analogies and hand waving have to stop though. Gonna need a math model of that too. >> The right way to solve the internet problem is "unbundling"; that is, the people who own the last mile lease it out to companies that sell you internet, video and other services. That's terrible. The ISP should give me "internet access" which includes everything out there. They should not get to pick and chose what I can get. >> If Comcast customers were getting a bad netflix experience they could switch to an ISP that gives a good one. This is called competition. It's what you get with net neutrality. Since every ISP has to give you everything equally, the only way they can compete is by building better infrastructure and compete on ping time and bandwidth. This is how it should be. Allowing them to prioritize certain services for a fee (regardless of who pays) means allowing them to stagnate - in fact paying them to stagnate - which is bad for everyone. >> Please explain to me how net neutrality will somehow affect things like local municipalities granting ISPs local monopolies. Or how "net neutrality" will allow new-comers to overcome the initial regulatory and capital investment hurdles to setting up a new ISP. It doesn't. Local monopoly support from the government is a big problem, but it's also not the only problem. I actually have 3 options at my home and it doesn't seem to be causing an increase in service or a reduction in prices. That said, as video moves to the internet and as the ISPs lose differentiation, we can hope for actual competition on access to what FCC regulation will make a commodity service. But I'm not entirely convinced that will happen either. Does anyone have a nice SVG image of a canary? Or it illegal to put that on a website? I suggest you check out http://www.altair.com/ they are a leader in FEA tools of all kinds, with offices in many countries. Software development tends to be concentrated in a few countries (depends on the product), but customization of the tools is done world wide. Check out the web site to learn more and look for open positions. That depends. Using absurdly simple means to point out the absurdity of someone else can be effective. Remember how PGP was printed in book form to circumvent export controls? Or how about DeCSS on a T-shirt? How about those magic flags that encode an illegal number in the hex codes of the colors? No, I think it's worth asking if it is now illegal to put an image of a canary on a web page in Australia. If the answer is "no" that says a lot. >> If the government wants you in prison, they'll find a way. The issue isn't that they want people in prison. The issue is that they don't want people to know what they're doing, and they're resorting to the threat of prison to keep people quiet. It's actually perfectly reasonable to try to prevent the "bad guys" from knowing what they're up to or what their methods are, but that is getting to be more and more in conflict with peoples desire for transparency and in some cases peoples explicit rights - to free speech and privacy in US for example. This raises an interesting question to me, as I see similarities in many other places where conflicts of different types tend to escalate to absurd levels. Do people just default to yelling louder, pushing harder, more of whatever? Why does this keep happening? >> Electric motors and speakers are basically the same things. Speakers are optimized to be more efficient at producing sound, motors are optimized to be more efficient at moving things, but at the core, they're the same device. Not only that, you can superimpose audio on the intended operation of the motor by putting the signal on the "D axis" which produces no torque. Unless you're in field weakening blah blah blah... But only higher frequencies are typically possible. AFAICT no one has ever been able to distinguish a particle whose wave function has collapsed from one that hasn't. That would of course allow faster than light communication by modulating the "collapsedness" of a stream of entangled particles. >> Could you explain how this would be faster than light? Wouldn't the particles be traveling at the speed of light? As maxerickson says, you emit streams of entangled particles from a central location heading in opposite directions. People equidistant from that location can communicate instantaneously. Alice modulates the wave function collapse by either taking a measurement or not. Say measuring indicates a 1 and non-measurement indicates a 0. Bob over at the other end uses his ability to distinguish a collapsed wave function from a non-collapsed one to get 1's and 0's out the other end. Because the measurement induced wave function collapse is instantaneous this will be faster than light communication. Bob can tell weather Alice is measuring or not, right now. I stand by my assertion that physicists can not tell the difference. I'll also add that the reason is that there is no difference. But by all means continue to downvote without a counterexample. Either the interglacial period is not over yet, or we are actively preventing the next glaciation. Either way, it seems premature to claim human intervention AND say it's a bad thing. Most of it comes from hydro which is considered environmentally unfriendly. Its still very interesting even if the "greenness" is somewhat debatable. He's trolling. He stresses that he had a "printer" make the pads for him. It is implied that the content of the pads was printed, when it was not. Everything he says is true but you are meant to believe these are fakes that "meet government specifications". Of course they do, the government made them, but that's not what he wanted the audience to think. I honestly don't understand why caller ID can be spoofed or disabled by the caller. The only things this enables are illegal and/or annoying. In this case, one should be able to report the number to the authorities and they should be able to identify fraudsters very quickly and put some people in jail. >> Law enforcement can already request whatever identifying information there is for any phone call So why did we just read the linked article where the IRS (government agency) is warning people about scams but doesn't tell them to report them? I wrote a direct threaded interpreter where the code block for each opcode included fetch, increment, jump at the end. One possible problem is that execution never passes through a central point any more, which is of course why it's so fast. Then a friend pointed out the fastest way to read opcode, get branch target, and jump is to replace all the opcodes (create a second table) with the addresses of their implementations. This obviously saves an extra lookup, but the real eyeopener was that you can do PC++, fetch, jump all with one instruction. Use the host stack pointer as the PC in the interpreter and this become ret - return grabs an address, increments the pointer, and branches all in one. Of course you get program corruption on interrupts then. Needs to be either a system you have complete control over, or one with a second stack pointer. Except that it's not funny there either. >> The actual problems with health insurance markets have less to do with information asymmetry and adverse selection than with too much information. That can make some people’s insurance very expensive at actuarially sound rates. For instance if you have a cancer of a given kind, this is verifiable to the outside world, and if the treatment costs are $200,000, the cost of an insurance policy will in turn be about $200,000. Buying the policy won’t be cheaper than buying the treatments, and in that sense the market for insurance is not always present. That is a very real public policy problem, but it is not well understood by invoking standard theories of asymmetric information. I think the problem with insurance is too much competition. With a single provider there is no incentive to lock people out. The entire point of insurance is to amortize unexpected costs over time and population. In a market with multiple providers and people changing providers there is a financial incentive to exclude higher cost individuals rather than just spread the cost of treatment over everyone. This is not an argument in favor of any particular system, just pointing out a problem with the notion of free market insurance plans. There are plenty of problems with every solution. >> No company insurance pools or any other insurance through groups Agreed. Company pools consist of healthier people since they specifically exclude those who can't work or are retired. This actually increase the per-person cost of medicaid vs having everyone on it. Of course we working folks get a better deal now when we don't actually need it. They don't consider a simple solution - static RAM. You can trade cost for memory performance at any time. Although interconnect is becoming a bottleneck, so we build bigger SRAM caches. They also don't mention how compute requirements often scale faster than the memory size. Some algorithms can be written in very cache friendly ways which take advantage of this. Did the Mandelbrot set exist prior to someone creating an image of it? I think so, so it was discovered. We're so used to fitting curves to data and things like that, that we think of mathematical objects as constructs rather than discoveries. By looking at something more complex like a fractal, it should be easier to see it the other way round. Crunch time is fine when its uncommon and unforseen. Otherwise it is a manag3ment failure. Perhaps its deliberate failure to respect peoples personal life, but that's still a failure. I've worked plenty of places where crunch time is uncommon or nonexistent. It doesn't have to be that way. Diamond age was a disaster for me. I found the beginning and middle very good and looked forward to more development of a few things. And then it turned into something completely different and weird. I'd rather see the last pages of his new book just to verify he figured out how to write an ending. Unless you put the cannon on the moon. It's much easier to rocket to the moon than the sun. Now the railgun or whatever launcher doesn't have an atmosphere to deal with. Use the cannon to take away earth orbital velocity from the waste. Throw in reusable rockets and... it's still really dumb. We have reactors that can make use of "spent" fuel - they're just not legal. Yes, but if you think of the matrix as a collection of basis vectors, then something like a rotation in R3 becomes crystal clear. Your using the same coordinate but moving in arbitrary (orthogonal) directions rather than just right,up,forward. This makes more sense using scalar*vector operations than using dot products. The best way I've found to explain the lie is this: The business owner is not stupid. He knows that TCO (total cost of ownership) of automated production systems is cheaper than manual labor. This means that the total cost of paying for design, installation, operation, and maintenance is lower than manual production labor. Got that? It costs less to pay the "high skilled" workers than the lower skilled ones - because it takes so many fewer of them. Yes, it is a lie even if you could retrain all the displaced low-skill workers to be high-skilled, there wouldn't be enough jobs for them after the transition. How about Less People. Most of the worlds problems would be reduced with fewer people. This is only a partial solution if you think about it. >> It takes more energy to send something to the moon than to send it escaping the earth. Sure, but far less than de-orbiting into the sun. Use the rocket to get to the moon-based rail gun where there is no atmosphere. No, birth control is an option. Make it available to anyone who asks for it (permanent kinds included). China has a rather more authoritarian approach. I prefer voluntary methods (without incentives). It isn't a complete solution because: 1) there will always be variation in skills among people even if the population is reduced. 2) With few enough people (extreme case) mass production of goods is not necessary. 3) I think there's an old argument that with robots providing everything, eventually there is no incentive for people to even become smart enough to maintain them and the system falls into disrepair. I'm not sure when or what equilibrium might be reached. I am sure that less people would help the problem and does not require planetary emigration. It is a viable partial solution. It is not a complete solution. >> There's no inherent economic law requiring such a shift to be a net drain on employment - Yes, there is. I just presented it with the TCO thing. What has been happening so far is that the displaced workers were offered jobs somewhere else because there was another need they could fill. The net drain does happen. It happens within the set of people working at a company, and the industry. Only if there is unmet demand in the overall economy does it not affect unemployment by having people do something else entirely - and I don't mean maintaining the machines, I already showed that to require fewer people. >> sometimes 100 people manning power looms can do something cheaper than 90 skilled weavers. The human labor per item still went down. You just threw a capacity expansion on top of the efficiency increase. That just means a competitor will be out of business soon meaning fewer people employed, not more. See this parking lot: https://www.google.com/maps/@42.441312,-83.043004,80m/data=!... It's full of product (all same model). Decades ago, prior to automation it was full of employee vehicles, and so was the overflow lot across the street to the west. The neighborhoods around there were thriving and now are quire run down. We've been lucky in finding new things for people to do outside of industries where this happens. People can only consume so much in a day though, and as the labor hours required to fill human-need-hours goes down there will be a problem. At that time, there are 5 possible month/day combinations. Bernard would know the full solution if it were the 15th, 16th, or 17th. He would not know if it were on the 14th. Because he does know, Albert is able to rule out the 14th. Now if it were the 15th or the 17th Albert would not be able to reach a conclusion, but he does. So we are left with only the 16th. The number of layers to this is more than it seems. >> Design is not how something looks > You're right. But it certainly includes how it looks. I hate to use this example because it was so hyped at the time but... Pinch-zoom is awesome functionality and has NO look, only function and feel. There is no visible UI, you just grab the image/map with 2 fingers and resize it. It's one of the best UI concepts in ages. The only thing it may not be is discoverable. This is what IMO sets Apple apart - they want you to interact with your stuff, not their app. Microsoft basically builds an industrial control panel where you push buttons to get something to happen to your stuff. The difference can be stunning when done correctly and has little to do with looks, but rather how it works. Am I right in thinking you're being deliberately kind with your use of the word "inelegant"? I usually get a downvote when the subject comes up because I can't hold back. ;-) What is this: According to widely accepted ideas, the visible matter in galaxies exists inside clumps of dark matter. Without dark matter's gravity to stabilise them, galaxies like the Milky Way would tear themselves apart as they spin. Is this the tired old "galactic rotation curves don't fit kepler's law" still kicking around? >> I thought that was actually true. Why are you calling it tired and old? Because there is no reason to expect stars going around a galaxy to follow keplers laws for two body systems. I have yet to see the measured rotation curves compared to an "expected" curve where the author doesn't use Kepler as part of the expectation. Just a year or two ago, I saw a paper in Nature where they were looking at a gas cloud forming a star, and they compared its rotation to something based on Kepler. I just had to shake my head - the correlation was there but not a great fit of course. The curve is interesting, the comparison not so much. I really don't understand this at all. Yes, there are fewer women in tech than men. But where I come from they are not rare. At one workplace we had at least one woman in almost every role. Nobody ever made mention of the fact that they are women. Nobody ever treated them differently, and AFAICT none of them ever had a complaint about gender issues. Is this a coastal thing? Anyone else in the Detroit area agree or disagree with my assessment? But if you throw is dark matter and have it influence the other matter... Shouldn't the regular matter influence the dark matter too? At that point doesn't it end up in the same distribution as the regular matter? And isn't it then just unaccounted for? And wouldn't it have zero effect on the shape of the rotation curve? I've seen reports of "fixing" the problem by assuming a galaxy is enclosed in spherical ball of dark matter. But of course no explanation of why it would maintain that shape. In other words, the model of dark matter isn't even complete. In some cases I've seen people misapply the divergence theorem as well. It would not be the first time people used a hack to "fix" what ultimately boils down to numerical problems or inadequate integration methods. Somewhere down my bucket list is to do galaxy simulation. So far all I've done is plot rotation curves that don't look like keplers laws, but no dynamic simulation yet. >> I was just thinking about this, and due to the use of variable-bitrate encoding As I recall, monitoring total home power consumption could also identify what you're watching on TV. That was on the old CRT sets, not sure about now. Gotta love side channel attacks. >> I don't know what's wrong with people that they think that, somehow, the entire astrophysics/cosmology community has been too stupid to think these fairly simple things through. Because they are: http://www.csmonitor.com/Science/2015/0412/Universe-s-expans... So the whole dark energy thing hinges on measurements of distances to galaxies, which in turn depend on this notion that supernovas are all the same. The entire community would rather embrace an exotic hard to prove concept than go back and look at older assumptions. And I kid you not about Keplers Laws being used too often when they don't apply. But that's my usual story. Nice article: This profile closely matches the expectations of a singular isothermal sphere profile where.... Why should the dark matter form a spherical blob? Right, because that's what makes Kepler behave better. But how the heck does the dark matter behave? Why should it take this distribution? It seems to be all made up to only explain observation, but not itself. >> You can't count position and velocity (i.e. d(position)/dt) as separate degrees of freedom. Sure you can, and must. velocity is a controllable and it's also very important that it be controlled as close to zero as possible when Y=0. Parent is correct, technically they care about 11 degrees of freedom, but rotation rate about the length is either a non issue or well regulated somehow. I'd really like to see the controller they're using. Wonder if it's fancy, or fairly simple with some large matrices.