Yeah so this is my project. It's very much a work in progress, but occasionally I think it works remarkably well for something I cobbled together alone out of consumer hardware and home-made code :-) I do indeed index the web myself. Not the entire web, just a subset of it. The crawler quickly loses interest in javascript:y websites and only indexes at depth those websites that are simple. It also focuses on websites in English, Swedish and Latin and tries to identify and ignore the rest (best-effort). You'd be surprised how much you can do with modern hardware if you are scrappy. The current index is about 17.7 million URLs. I've gone as far as 50 million and could probably double that if I really wanted to. The difficulty isn't having a small enough index, but rather having a relevant enough index, weeding out the link farms and stuff that just take space. I only index N-grams of up to 4 words, carefully chosen to be useful. The search engine, right now, is backed by a 317 Gb reverse index and a 5.2 Gb dictionary. Some people like a flashy UI, the modern look is important for them. It's ok to have aesthetic preferences, let's not pretend we don't all have them. In the end, it's a niche search engine I've made, the intended audience is the long tail. It just isn't for everyone, and if it was for everyone, it probably would be lesser for it. I wrote it myself from scratch. I have some metadata in mariadb, but the index is bespoke. A design sketch of the index is that it uses one file with sorted URL IDs, one with IDs of N-grams (i.e. words and word-pairs) referring to ranges in the URL file; as well as a dictionary for relating words to word-IDs; that's a GNU Trove hash map I modified to use memory map data instead of direct allocated arrays. So when you search for two words, it translates them into IDs using the special hash map, goes to the words file and finds the least common of the words; starts with that. Then it goes to the words file and looks up the URL range of the first word. Then it goes to the words file and looks up the URL range of the second word. Then it goes through the less common word's range and does a binary search for each of those in the range of the more common word. Then it grabs the first N results, and translates them into URLs (through mariadb); and that's your search result. I'm skipping over a few steps, but that's the very crudest of outlines. Well,... yet. Load average is at 1.2, not that bad. But the services are getting a solid workout. I just started with my website and did a crawl. Subsequently I've been seeding it with the best results form my previous crawls. It's a directed search so it doesn't seem to need a particularly solid seed to get decent results. Yeah it's hosted by cloudflare. I'm currently IP-blocking them, as because they keep prompting my crawler with a captcha, presumably because it's made millions of requests from their CDN. Some rigmarole getting recognized as a good bot by the CDNs. I've submitted a request fairly recently, but haven't heard back from them yet. Like I would like to be on good terms with them, and other websites that block small independent crawlers. I can't blame them though, there's a lot of bad bots out there. But I'm doing my best not be part of the problem. Yeah I did some work very recently aimed at improving the relevance a bit. It was a bit too random in the state it was before. Now it, perhaps, isn't random enough anymore. If Google starts showing interesting text-heavy links instead of vapid listicles and storefronts, I have accomplished everything I ever could dream of. Javascript tags are penalized the hardest, but it also takes into consideration density of text per HTML. There's also some adjustments based on text length, which words occur in the page, etc. It really depends on what you search for. A major drawback is that there needs to be text-heavy sites to find, in order for the search engine to find them. Compare for example the results for "Duke Nukem 3D" with those for "Cyberpunk 2077". It's pretty much all bespoke. I use external libraries for parsing HTML (JSoup) and robots.txt; but that's about it. The real test is in now, index server is reconstructing its index. It does this every 6 hours if there is new pages. Takes half an hour or so usually. It's supposed to be able to handle searches at the same time, but jeepers, it's gonna have to chew through nearly 400 Gb of data while dealing with over 1 request per second. Yeah there was unfortunately a problem with the content-type code recently, it unfortunately categorized some binary data as HTML and tried to process it best-effort. So there's some binary soup in the index. The bug has since been fixed, but it won't come into effect in a few weeks. I guess it's a matter of taste. I can barely read anything on regular wikipedia because the inline links disrupt my flow. The spelling suggestions are presented whenever there isn't any results, but sometimes they can be pretty misleading. What happens is that C, as a word, isn't indexed because it's deemed too short, and the bigram "c strtok" can't be found anywhere. Try 'strtok' instead. I'm self-hosting, and the server is a Ryzen 7 3900x with 128 Gb of non-ECC RAM. It sits in my living room next to a cheap UPS. I did snag one of the last remaining Optane 900Ps off Amazon, and it powers the index and the database--and I really do think this is among the best hardware choices for this use case. But beyond that it's really nothing special, hardware-wise. Like it's less than a month's salary. It runs Debian, and all the services run bare metal with zero containerization. Modern consumer hardware can be absurdly powerful if you let it. Like I have no doubt a thousand engineers could spend a hundred times as much time building a search engine that did pretty much the same thing mine does, it would require a full data center to stay running and be much slower. But that's just a cost of large scale software development I don't have to pay as a solo developer with no deadline, no planning and a shoestring budget. The search engine doesn't actually do full text search, so maybe your query was too... unique. But do first of all verify that you haven't been hacked. There's about quarter of a million domains I've flagged that, besides their wordpress content, also host a ton of link spam crap off in some hidden folder. This reflects on the quality rating extremely negatively to the point where you may have not been indexed at all. Secondly, are you behind cloudflare or some other big-name CDN? Because, as I mentioned in another comment, I can't crawl their pages without getting captchad until they approve of my humble request to be classified as a good bot. There are some other hosting providers I flat out block on a subnet level because they host a large amount of link farms. This is currently Alibaba, Psychz, eSited, Cloud Yuqu and 1Blu. Hmm, which OS? I only have a single Android phone so I've only fixed the CSS for that. Well just crunching the numbers should indicate what is possible and what isn't. For the moment I have just south of 20 million URLs indexed. 1 x 20 million bytes = 20 Mb. 10 x 20 million bytes = 200 Mb. 100 x 20 million bytes = 2 Gb. 1,000 x 20 million bytes = 20 Gb. 10,000 x 20 million bytes = 200 Gb. 100,000 x 20 million bytes = 2 Tb. 1,000,000 x 20 million bytes = 20 Tb. This is still within what consumer hardware can deal with. It's getting expensive, but you don't need a datacenter to store 20 Tb worth of data. How many bytes do you need, per document, for an index? Do you need 1 Mb of data to store index information about a page that, in terms of text alone, is perhaps 10 Kb? Yeah I think the charset detection needs work. It understands the "Content-type: text/html;charset=utf-8" -header, and but not It turns out HTML has a lot of corner cases. I'm constantly marveling at how web browsers hold together as well as they do. The search engine doesn't do any type of re-ordering or synonym stuff, it only tires to construct different N-grams from the search query. So if you for example compare "SDL tutorial" with "SDL tutorials". On google you'd get the same stuff, this search engine, for better or worse doesn't. This is a design decision, for now anyway, mostly because I'm incredibly annoyed when algorithms are second-guessing me. On the other hand, it does mean you sometimes have to try different searches to get relevant results. Haha! I did actually assume UTF-8 at first, but being a search engine has a lot of older websites, I sadly got a lot of encoding errors doing that, too. Try a query on the form site:www.example.com ;-) I might add a donate button or something if people want to help support the project, hardware isn't cheap and all. But I have a job and decent income. I think if this search engine became the way I earned money, it would influence the project in a bad way, and corrupt its purpose, which is to help people explore the less-commercial internet. What are you searching for when you enter the query "dog", keeping in mind the search engine deliberately does not examine synonyms or and deliberately seeks out the path less taken? Dog facts? Then search "dog facts" Famous dogs? Then search "famous dogs" Rappers? Try "snoop dogg" It tries. Dunno, I prefer to use as neutral or positive terminology even when I talk about things I don't like. I think it very easily comes off as juvenile ranting when you start throwing around terms with strong negative connotations. Part of what I wanted to show with this project is that there is no such thing as an objective search engine. Even seemingly irrelevant technological decisions drastically impact the narrative. I have something of a blog here, with an Atom feed. https://memex.marginalia.nu/log/ It's not very well optimized for mobile, really it's more of a bridge for my geminispace content. Right, but that is still a technical decision on their side. They presumably don't sit down and have a meeting about what world view they should present. Well I hope they don't. I felt I needed to add it to help people taught by other search engines that they only get 1-2 good results, and the rest is useless. The reason I'm providing a hundred results is that there are often a lot of results to choose from. If the point is to find something unexpected, and that indeed is the entire point, then that is the only sane design choice. Like you search for something on Google and similar, and you know what you are going to find. They are so good at searching the Internet and predicting what you are going to click on that you never see something new. It's a great feat of engineering, but a huge tragedy, because discovering new things, outside of what you our your demographic has previously demonstrated an interest in, it can be absolutely life changing. The excerpts are static and very best effort. You just have to visit the website and find out I'm afraid. I can do a lot with what I have, but I can't do full text search on millions of documents with dynamic excerpts off a single computer in my living room. Looks like that page just has an absurd amount of keywords. Those sometimes surface when there isn't any good results. Haven't found a foolproof detection method that doesn't unjustly punish innocent pages with large amounts of content. Understand that this is something I built for myself, by myself, so it focuses on languages I understand. It hosted on a single consumer grade computer in my living room. I built it out of pocket and anyone is free to use it. Does this make me a villain? If I can do this, what's preventing some guy in Japan or India or Peru from doing the same, of course focusing on their languages? It is very much a work in progress, still struggling with some areas. I only really got into the territory of "sometimes actually useful" like this weekend. Wasn't planning on blowing up on HN just yet. Again it's a one man hobby project, I don't have a team of people to go through every formulation and every error message to ensure nobody can read them in a way that offends them. It's just me, writing code on an unfinished project that HN discovered. In this case, the code doesn't match the word regexp, like it may be a @TwitterHandle or a "comp.lang.c" with periods in it, or an unsupported Unicode range. It doesn't know why it is not matching, just that it doesn't. I am the first to admit it's a pretty dated reference. Fair point, I refined the phrasing a bit. > The term "𓀀" contains characters that are not currently supported Yeah I wasn't really planning for this to blow up like it did today. It's currently sitting at about 35% of the index size I usually aim for, so besides the stuff I can't index because it's behind CDNs, there's a lot of pages it just hasn't gotten to yet. playwright.dev is pretty low on the priority list because it has a metric crap-ton of javascript on its front page. The crawler has visited it, looked at it, and put it very far down the priority queue. I implemented calculations because easily 80% of my google queries are calculations, unit conversions, etc. Search functionality is larger priority. Calculations and unit conversions were an afternoon's break from the search functionality :-) Vanilla HTTP should be fine. I think 80% of the urls are HTTP. If you're getting no such domain, it's either blocked because it looks too much like a spam domain, or it simply hasn't been discovered yet. What's the TLD? I severely restrict some cheaper TLDs because they gave so much spam. For example, cr.yp.to is an example of a baby I know I've definitely thrown out with the bathwater. I've rephrased the wording for that one a bit. I think you need to approach it more like grep than google. It's a forgotten art, dealing with this type of dumb search engine. Like if you search for "How do I make a steak", you aren't going to get very good results. But a better query is "Steak Recipe", as that is at least a conceivable H1-tag. This just isn't the place to go for promotional materials about upcoming video games. It's a niche search engine for discovering stuff off the beaten path, the stuff you can't find on mainstream search engines. Some of it is junk, admittedly, and not everyone will see the point, that's fine too. Despite what some people seem to think, it's never been meant as a google-replacement. I have never claimed otherwise. It doesn't look at what the javascript does, just how much there is. The trick is that the list of URLs for each word already is in the URLs file. The URLs in a range are sorted. A sorted list (or list-range) forms an implicit set-like data structure, where you can do binary searches to test for existence. Consider a words file with two words, "hello" and "world", corresponding to the ranges (0,3), (3,6). The URLs file contains URLs 1, 5, 7, 2, 5, 8. The first range corresponds to the URLs 1, 5, 7; and the second 2, 5, 8. If you search for hello world, it will first pick a range, the range for "hello", let's say (1,5,7); and then do binary searches in the second range -- the range corresponding to "world" -- (2,5,8) to find the overlap. This seems like it would be very slow, but since you can trivially find the size of the ranges, it's possible to always do them in an order of increasing range-sizes. 10 x log(100000) is a lot smaller than 100000 x log(10) Yeah this is actually a bit of a concern of mine. As very much a friend of Voltaire's, I don't think it's my place to police people's opinions no matter how disagreeable, but I also don't want my search engine to become branded as the search engine of choice for nazis because it's decent at cataloguing extremist sites. Huh. That's an interesting case you've found. I think part of the problem is gold sellers were displacing all the good results. I blocked a few of them and got a few more relevant results, but it's not great. But still, the search engine only finds two great hits. I wonder why not. Maybe there just aren't that many runescape pages around still? Or it may just be that it hasn't found anything better yet. The index is pretty shallow right now, only 20M URLs, I aim for more than double. I honestly wasn't planning on this blowing up on HN at this stage. Curious, I haven't touched the stylesheets. > How are you able to keep the site running after HN kiss of death? I originally targeted a Raspberry Pi4-cluster. It was only able to deal with about 200k pages at that stage, but it did shape the design in a way that makes very thrifty use of the available hardware. My day job is also developing this sort of highly performance java applications, I guess it helps. > What is your stack, elastic search or something simper? It's a custom index engine I built for this. I do use mariadb for some ancillary data and to support the crawler, but it's only doing trivial queries. > How did you crawl so many websites for a project this size? It's not that hard. Like it seems like it would be, and there certainly is an insane number of edge cases, but if you just keep tinkering you can easily crawl dozens of pages per second even on modest hardware (of course distributed across different domains). > Did you use any APIs like duck duck go or data from other search engines? Nope, it's all me. > Are you still incorporating something like PageRank to ensure good results are prioritized or is it just the text-based-ness factor? I'm using a somewhat convoluted algorithm that takes into consideration the text-based-ness of the page, but also how many incoming links the domain has, but it's a weighted value that factors in the text-based-ness of the origin domains. It would be interesting to try a page rank-style approach, but my thinking is that because it's the algorithm, it's also the algorithm everyone is trying to game. Hosting is actually surprisingly cheap, but that's because I'm hosting it on consumer hardware in my living room, off my domestic broadband connection. That's both a blessing and a curse. It works okay as long as I don't touch it, but I can't do maintenance without shutting it down. I can't implement crawler changes without a week of shitty results as it needs to visit half the Internet before it gets decently good. I can only afford a production machine, so all testing that can't be done with unit tests gets done there. Anyway I added a patreon in case anyone wants to toss a coin. If you want mormons in positive light, you should search for "latter-day saints", as that's how they typically brand themselves. jw.org is on the indexing list, just pretty far down, based on the fact that previous times it's been visited it's had ton of javascript. I don't have an axe to grind with fringe religious movements, I actually love them to bits. Try searching for Nag Hammadi or Hermes Trismegistos. Just my (swedish) personal website. The first iteration of the search engine was probably mainly seeded by these links: https://www.marginalia.nu/00-l%C3%A4nkar/ But I've since expanded my websites, so now I think these play a decent role in later iterations, although they are virtually all of them pages I've found eating my own dogfood: https://memex.marginalia.nu/links/fragments-old-web.gmi https://memex.marginalia.nu/links/bookmarks.gmi It's hard to give numbers, it doesn't seem to be very many, but losing out on a few key sites does make a pretty big impact. You see stuff like this sometimes, makes me a bit sad. https://linux.die.net/robots.txt Specialization mostly a problem in monocultures. If you almost only plant wheat, you are going to end up with one hell of a pest problem. If you almost only have Windows XP, you are going to have one hell of a virus problem. If you almost only have SearchRank-style search engines (or just the one), you are going to have one hell of a content spam problem. Even though they have some pretty dodgy incentives, I don't think google suffers quality problems because they are evil, I think ultimately they suffer because they're so dominant. Whatever they do, the spammers adapt almost instantly. A diverse ecosystem on the other hand limits the viability of specialization by its very nature. If one actor is attacked, it shrinks and that reduces the opportunity for attacking it. It's been added a few moments ago :-) Thanks everyone who suggested this. Honestly it's probably not a great source for medical advice. At least take what you read with a healthy grain of salt. I just got it working reasonably well just this week. I've had it "working" for a few months, but the results were always extremely chaotic, bordering on random. Yeah my main site is a bit of a disorderly mess. It started as a Swedish blog, but I've since added a few services aimed at a global audience. Haven't quite figured out how to unify it all just yet. The index is tiny, not even a terabyte. Right now it's a few hundred gigabytes for ~20 million URLs. But it's stored in an extremely dense binary format. Honestly you may just want to roll your own solution for storing a ton of files. If you don't need a general-purpose filesystem, but an append-only archive with extra metadata, then you can cut a lot of corners. Like if you have a file system that is fixed-size and append-only, you can build it in a way no off-the-shelf stuff can. This line of thinking is a large part of why my index is so small and fast. I have a lot of special built data-structures that are built for their exact use case. Like a fixed size append-only hash map that uses mapped memory and can in theory be larger than the system memory. Very good for a search engine, absolutely useless almost everywhere else. I added a patron, and huh, a few people are actually donating. I don't really know what to say. Thanks! Hmm, not sure what caused it to end up there, but I removed it from the blacklist. It still doesn't seem to want to index the domain however, probably CDN-related. I added it now, but it turns out it's behind a CDN so I still can't crawl it. > We have designed Google to be scalable in the near term to a goal of 100 million web pages Funny, that's about where I see my search engine capping out as well. Yeah, that's a large part of what I'm trying to accomplish. Great to see others understand as well. Huh. I've gone through the logs, and at most I got about 2 search queries per second as a sustained load over several hours. It's calmed down to about 0.5-1 QPS now. This is ignoring other page loads. Not bad, if I do say so myself. Do I wonder how much cookies play into it. Sure I have small page loads and reasonably optimized code, but I also don't use any cookies. I'd imagine having to keep track of upwards of a million session objects would be a struggle for almost any web server. Yeah it's probably not the most complete dictionary. I'm using Wiktionary-data. There might be the occasional gaps and vandalism. I'm curious what you searched for. https://search.marginalia.nu/search?query=harry+potter+fanfi... This seems to return a pretty decent number of sites relating to that (as well as some sites not relating to that). The search engine isn't always great at knowing what a page is about, unfortunately. This seemed to return mostly relevant results https://search.marginalia.nu/search?query=%22harry+potter%22... I've mostly added these converters and frills because I'm trying to eat my own dogfood, and google is deeply engrained as my go-to source for unit conversions and back-of-envelope calculations. Don't worry, this stuff is easy, and doesn't even remotely take away from the work on the harder problems. It's custom java code, for the most part. I'm using mariadb for some ancillary information, but the index and the crawler and everything is written from scratch. It's hosted on my consumer-equipment server (Ryzen 3900x, 128Gb ram, Optane 900p+a few IronWolf drives), bare bones on Debian. I've added a patreon, and a few people have hopped onboard. I'm honestly a bit stunned at the reception this has gotten. It's built from scratch. I'm doing the crawling and indexing. Look through my comments and you'll find a few outlines of the stack and the index design. Here are my blog entries relating to this: https://memex.marginalia.nu/topic/astrolabe.gmi Yeah I think you typically have the most interesting results searching for older topics. I've posted a few comments outlining the tech, check my profile. It's also outlined some details in my blog if you dig around a bit, there's no real comprehensive overview, just bits and pieces though. https://memex.marginalia.nu/topic/astrolabe.gmi It shouldn't give you more than three per domain on paper, but I've got issues with deduplication so sometimes you get six :-( Still a lot of work needs to be done. The benchmark clearly must depend on the purpose of the search engine, though. If the purpose is to find a thing you know is out there, but haven't been arsed to bookmark, then my search engine is hot garbage. If the purpose is to provide links you will find interesting when you click on them, my search engine really actually has its moments. I guess it's almost closer to old reddit, before it was overtaken by astroturfing and bots. I think the small web and gemini protocol might be up your alley too, if you feel this way about the Internet. I'm still a bit stunned at the reception this has gotten. I wasn't even planning to launch this, not like this, there's so much that needs to be fixed to get it working good, so much jank and so many weird limitatons. It's quietly been online for a few months. But it's not really worked all that well except in rare cases. Then I fixed a few issues and implemented some improvements, and it was really just last weekend that I was struck by the sense that it actually was coming together into something really viable, and then... this happened. I've gotten so many positive comments about this project, a large number of emails and I haven't had the time to get back to half the people who wrote, even people donating money to support it. I half thought I becoming the next TempleOS-guy, hacking away at some madcap scheme all by myself. I just had no idea this resonated with so many people. It's incredibly encouraging and motivating. Thanks everyone! That's very good to know. Thanks! > What crawler are you using and what kind of crawling speeds are you achieving? Custom crawler, and I seem to get around 100 documents per second at best, maybe closer to 50 on average. Depends a bit on how many crawl-worthy websites it finds, and there is definitely diminishing returns as it goes deeper. >How do you rank the results (is it based on content only) or you have external factors too? I rank based on a pretty large number of factors, incoming links weighted by the "textiness" of the source domain, and similarity to the query. > What is your personal preferred search option of the 7 and why? I honestly use Google for a lot. My search engine isn't meant as a replacement, but a complement. > Thanks for making something unique and sorry that despite all the hype this got, you got only $39/month on Patreon. It is telling in a way. Are you kidding? I think the Patreon is a resounding success! I'm still a bit stunned. I've gotten more support and praise, not just in terms of money but also emails and comments here than I could have ever dreamed possible. And this is just the start, too. I only recently got the search engine working this well. I have no doubt it can get much better. The fact that I have 11 people with me on that journey, even if they "just" pay my power bill, that's amazing. I'm honestly a bit at a loss for words. I'm thinking I may open source some of the components I use, rather than publishing the whole thing, as it's part of a larger monorepo that contains the somewhat integrated code for a large set of services, public and private. None of the code is particularly fancy, just highly specialized. I did build them myself mostly because I couldn't find anything available that the rather special demands that are put on the application. I'll get back to your email in a while, I've got a ton of messages I'm working through. But yeah, in short pseudocode: for url in range-for-"hello": if binary-search (range-for-"world", url): yield url I do use streams, but that is the bare essence of it. I think in part it may just be because I'm not trying to found a start-up, and I'm not trying to get rich quick. If I were, I would have dealt with this very differently. My integrity and the integrity of this project is far more important than my bank balance. Not everyone feels that way, and I can respect that, but I do. Ultimately I think running something like this for profit would create really unhealthy incentives to make my search engine worse. Any value it brings, right now, it brings because it isn't trying to cater to every taste and every use case. I also hate the constant "don't forget to slap the like and subscribe buttons"-shout outs of modern social media, even though I'm aware they it is extremely efficient. If I went down that route, I would become part of the problem I'm trying to help cure. I do feel the sirens' call though, it's intoxicating getting this sort of praise and attention. I want this to be a long-term project, not a some overnight cinderella story. In the end, my search engine is never going to replace google. It isn't trying to, it's trying to complement it. It's barely able now, but hopefully I can make it much better in the months and years to come. It's not indexed particularly deeply. Blogs typically have a decent amount of javascripts. I think it simply takes time to build trust. The threshold to sending someone money is high. I probably wouldn't send someone money based on a proof of concept and lofty ambitions alone. I'd absolutely consider sending someone money if they kept bringing something of value into my life. If I want more people to join the patreon, I'll just have to earn their trust and support. ;-) About 21 million, and I'm crawling myself. Classification is really hard. I'm struggling with it myself, as a lot of like privacy policies and change logs turns out to share the shape of a page of text. I'm thinking of experimenting with ML classifiers, as I do have reasonably good ways of extracting custom datasets. Finding change logs and privacy policies is easy, excluding them is hard. Yeah, that's just not a type of query my search engine is particularly good at. It's pretty dumb, and just tries to match as much of the webpage against the query as it can. This used to be how all search engines worked, but I guess people have been taught by google that they should ask questions now, instead of search for terms. I wonder how I can guide people to make more suitable queries. Maybe I should just make it look less like google. I'm not a muslim, but I do build a lot of tools for myself (and to a lesser degree for the public), and open APIs like these are incredibly convenient. Saves me from having to do a lot of data processing. I collect links to small and notable websites here. It's like 90% blogs: https://memex.marginalia.nu/links/bookmarks.gmi I think we've gotten curiously bad at linking to other websites in the last 20 years. It's really bad for discoverability. I don't know why it is, it's like everyone goes "oh, i've got a precious visitor at last, better not link anywhere so they'll stick around forever!" I think if my website contains interesting links, it makes people more likely to come back later, because they associate it with good feelings of discovery, and not bad feelings of being trapped. I do think there's a middle road. I do indeed think it's incredibly toxic to write for the reactions, but at the same time, it's extremely lonely to find your only readers are the bots that probe for compromised wordpress installs. It's great to have a community of sorts. I've found that in gemini space, there's a small number of active bloggers that run in the same circles and occasionally make replies on each posts they feel interesting (because almost virtually all pages are static, almost no comment fields). It's not so much about the attention as it is about the sense of community and belonging. I have really mixed feelings about deprecating HTTP for HTTPS. There are a lot of websites that are never going to migrate, websites with quality content. There's also a lot of clients that are never going to support HTTPS. There's nothing wrong with them otherwise, the hardware is still good, but they can't be used anymore and it's not the owners choice to decide, but a few big tech companies pushing this change. Even if we do care about these nefarious men in the middle, the elephant in the room is that a large part of the encrypted traffic these days go through major CDNs, and for them to actually pages and and route requests and be anything more than a glorified NAT, they need to inspect what's being sent, and keep track of who is sending it. Even if they totally pinky swear they aren't doing anything nefarious with their position of being able to inspect and analyze a huge portion of the Internet's traffic, and even if we believe them, that can change. Remember SourceForge? Remember when they were the heroes of open source, the go-to host for source code and binaries? Remember when they were bought up and subsequently were caught with their fingers in the cookie jar bundling malware in said open source packages? All I'm saying is that there sure is a lot of eggs in that basket. Is a lot easier to lean on one or two CDN operators than it is to lean on every ISP in the country. Probably just hasn't been discovered then. The Internet is big. I wish more small websites would be better at linking to other small websites :-( It's a matter of scale. You can perform opportunistic small scale mitm attacks on wifi. Maybe that is a concern for interactive websites. But servers that only host static content, why do they need encryption? And how would you find out if a cdn was misbehaving, especially in the context of gag orders? And even if we did find out, it's out in the open that Facebook and Google is doing all this really invasive tracking, yet nobody seems to be leaving them in any hurry. HTTPS as a standard has pretty wide support, but the versions of TLS that is increasingly mandatory has much more limited support in older software. There is also a growing problem with stale root certs that are not always possible to update. > - It normalizes a situation where network traffic is treated as a black box. It's a good thing if my ISP or the cafe I'm working in can't inspect my packets - it's highly problematic if my company's admin has no idea what is going on inside the network or if I can't even inspect traffic from my own devices. I'm seriously wondering who is protecting against what here. This seems less for protecting users against snoopers and more for protecting tech companies against their own users - which is really the opposite of privacy. Yeah, this is... troublesome, especially how fond software developers seem to be of telemetry these days. For software you haven't compiled yourself, that's completely opaque data leaving your network. Especially in the light of how incredibly difficult it is to disable that telemetry collection in Firefox, it's not a great look for mozilla. I don't know if this is the authoritative guide du jour, but the steps usually go something like this: https://gist.github.com/gamunu/7fbee4e2318fdc080395a7f74cc34... I'm not sure this trust we're effectively being coerced to put in software and platforms is great from a privacy standpoint. But as you said, there has not been a lot of talk about this. I just keep thinking if the something like the BonziBuddy scandal had been pulled off today, how would anyone ever find out? Well, actually, we have Siri, Alexa, Cortana and Google Assistant now, and the pitch is eerily familiar in many ways. No, I actually count the n-grams as distinct words (up to 4-grams). The main limiter is for that is space, so I only extract "canned" n-grams from some tags. I would first search for the bigram hello_world, that's an O(1) array lookup; as then documents merely containing the words hello and world (usually not a good search result), that's the algorithm I'm describing in the parent comment. To what aspect of reddit? What value is it bringing you? I've gradually reduced my consumption to a single subreddit, and even that I only check sporadically. And the less I've used it, the worse its value proposition seems. It reminds me a lot of when I quit smoking. > We're sorry but doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue. I think HTTPS has been oversold. We've had a very myopic focus on men in the middle, which, for sure are a problem, but they aren't the only problem, the first problem, or the last problem in digital security. HTTPS helps against some attack vectors, but makes you incredibly vulnerable to others. It essentially forces you to blindly trust your software, since you can no longer inspect what is entering and leaving your network. Especially as it's becoming ever more common that our software dials home with opaque "telemetry" that for all we know could contain anything. HTTPS protects you against the neighbor's 17 year old son with his pringles cantenna and laptop full of scripts, but makes you much more vulnerable from large scale attacks, which become much more viable for those who have the capital to back them. It's pretty dang weird that EFF has been leading this charge, especially in the wake of Snowden. We are absolutely more vulnerable to sophisticated attackers. A government could simply order say a browser manufacturer to gather data, slap a gag order on the company and threaten them with sanctions if they speak and nobody would be the wiser. Or plant an engineer that does it. Anything can be a target of this type of attack. OS kernel, graphics drivers, a beloved purple desktop gorilla, a docker image, a popular library. The entire supply chain is exposed. Why are you connecting to that server, we ask. It's just telemetry. Or a crash report with a core dump. Or checking for updates. This only works if we are forced to blindly trust the traffic leaving our computers. And we are, helplessly so. The second absolutely helps. If the norm is to only encrypt secret data, encrypted data spontaneously leaving your computer is a major red flag. The problem is that this requires reversing entropy. Turning CO2 into something that can burn into CO2 requires more energy than you get back while burning it, even in an optimal engine. This is true if humans reverse entropy or if trees do it. You can only decrypt connections if you have the key. If the browser sends details over plain HTTP, it is very easy to inspect. You know, by putting yourself as a man in the middle. If , in that scenario, the browser spontaneously starts sending encrypted data, you should have many questions. Serendipity is sadly an endangered experience with today's popularity algorithms. If every suggestion you see is based on what you and people with similar behavior as you are most likely to click, then what you get is a rut. The things you discover may be things you haven't seen before, but they can hardly be called new. The beautiful thing about flipping through a magazine, or browsing a library, is that everyone gets the same options regardless of who they are. It allows me, someone who isn't into a particular thing, to discover that thing. To accidentally read something I wouldn't have thought I agreed with, and discover that they actually made a decent point. I think these types of popularity algorithms are deeply problematic. VPS and VPN providers should be very mindful of their reputation in this regard. If they get a reputation as a "black hole" where complaints vanish and nothing ever happens, the effect may be that other customers start to find themselves blocked or throttled on a subnet level. Incoming connections? Why not. I have at times, it's pretty great. What is the Streisand effect? While it's an obstacle, I don't think this is as big of an issue as they make it out to be, and I say this as someone who runs a DIY crawler and a janky homebrew search engine. You can get listed as a good bot with cloudflare &c if you ask nicely enough. Even if you aren't, their IP ranges are public so you can crawl them really slowly if you absolutely must have their stuff. In the end, you are never going to get completeness, that's a bad mark to aim for, and not even Google does that. That goal requires you have a model of the Internet that's as old as Vannevar Bush. The Internet isn't a bunch of static files on a souped up FTP server anymore, most pages are generated request-time, increasingly client-side. There are websites that don't just have infinite documents, they have infinite wildcard subdomains as well. There are websites that give you different results depending on what time of day it is, or where you are from. The hard problem of search engines is to find a good subset of the internet for some definition of good; and the first step toward doing that (in a timely fashion) is to rein in the crawling. Search engines are always always going to present a selection of web sites, and there are always going to be pages you can't find because they didn't make the cut; either because they were excluded, or because they excluded themselves. I'm aware that CGI has been around for a long time, but it was bog slow since it forked new processes to deal with every call, it wasn't really feasible to build the sort of dynamic websites we do today until stuff like PHP entered the market. The relative proportion of static files versus dynamic web content have probably reversed. > This really is a case of the tech industry trying to redefine "search" in a way that gives them editorial power. This isn't a new development at all. The signal to noise ratio problem goes back to the late '90s, and ruthlessly removing noise was arguably one of the moves that allowed Google to break through. Unfortunately they seem to have forgotten why they became a success. From http://infolab.stanford.edu/~backrub/google.html > [...] In 1994, some people believed that a complete search index would make it possible to find anything easily. [...] However, the Web of 1997 is quite different. Anyone who has used a search engine recently, can readily testify that the completeness of the index is not the only factor in the quality of search results. -- It's difficult to conceptualize these numbers, but we can use English Wikipedia as a measuring stick. It has of the order ten million pages, and covers most topics you would ever want to read about. Maybe there are some niche things here and there that are missing, but overall, it's a relatively complete coverage of human ideas and interests. How many English Wikipedia Units do you need, for your search engine to feel complete, assuming 100% signal and 0% noise? Do you need one? Ten? A hundred? A "big search engine" crawl is over a hundred thousand English Wikipedia Units. How much of that is interesting? How much has been written by humans, has ever been looked at by humans? > Otherwise, any source I provide will be met with "yeah, sure, scientist Y wrote so in journal X, but journal X has been wrong before, so your source is wrong." I think it's easy to gloss over the fact that science exists within a context, and if you aren't a participating part of a scientific field, you probably won't have full access to that context. This is a leading factor behind how in many debates, both sides are waving around scientific articles. This has been especially visible in the last few years with the pandemic and the debate around stuff like restrictions and masks and what have you. It takes years to produce quality science, and here we were months into a pandemic and people kept batting each other over the head with preliminary scientific findings as though Moses himself walked down with them from mount Sinai. The truth was we didn't have all the facts, the scientists for the most part were pretty clear about this, but none of that seemed to matter to the armchair epidemiologists engaged in fierce internet-debate. If p=0.05 is sufficient confidence to publish, one in twenty published findings will be wrong. In one study, that isn't bad, but in tens of thousands, that's a lot of dodgy results. In practice, it's probably far worse than that because of publication bias: Scientists tend to want to break new ground and publish extraordinary findings and maybe won't publish boring stuff that just reconfirms that energy is still conserved or whatever. Many just google up some abstracts off arxiv that seem to support their claims and toss them out like pokemon. That's honestly only marginally better than basing your arguments on proverbs, events from the Iliad, and or bible verses. Science just doesn't work like that. Individual articles are not infallible doctrine. Taken as a whole and in context they do form a pretty compelling argument, but individual articles on their own, even published in major journals, are absolutely fallible. Let's not pretend that the practice of throwing a bunch of models at a dataset in search of statistical significance isn't a thing. P-hacking is a pretty big problem in some fields. That's one of those context-things I mentioned. It's easy to go from a field where you can control variables very well, like physics, and look at a field where the variables are all over the map, e.g. psychology or nutrition; and expect the contexts to be similar because science is science. But it's not. The latter fields have really big problems actually replicating published results, many times the findings just never materialize outside of the initial study. It's not all from overt bad science like p-hacking, effects like publication bias also appears to play a big role. It probably mattered a lot more 10-15 years ago. A modern CPUs toward the higher end of consumer grade equipment is so powerful it's ridiculous. Well, you can just put your phone in a drawer and go do something else. Zuck's gotta talk to the product owner who schedules it as a priority item in the backlog for the next sprint; the architects and the UX people will draw up some sketches but this is all the way from the top so there's no time to waste, so the developers start at the same time. Schedule four daily status meetings to make sure everything progresses as fast as possible! Of course the developers don't have the requirements yet so they need redo everything the next sprint. Then a sprint for QA and that's about 1200 man-hours of work in a large organisation. It might just be shifting degrees of intellectual challenge. St Augustine came to shine as part as a response to the threat of competing movements such as pelagianism and arianism. (As a side-note, reading the Confessions I came off thinking St Augustine felt really anti-intellectual; especially in contrast to someone like Boethius) Then the church went largely intellectually unchallenged for a thousand years, and that's never great for bringing out the best and the brightest. A lot of what made for example the philosophers of antiquity so sharp was the fierce competition between rival schools. Later when the church came under real pressure from the reformation, you had counter-reformation groups like the Jesuits form as a response which was a huge step up intellectually. I also think we sort of tend to unfairly view the church through the writings of its critics; both reformists and later the enlightenment had a lot to say that we just seem to take as true without consideration of the source. A lot of stuff, even bad stuff like the inquisition, wasn't as bad as we tend to think. Against the background of what legal systems in general looked in the period, the inquisition was almost gentle. I think our views of the inquisition largely are in agreement. I'm not trying to whitewash the inquisition. Things did go overboard, especially in Spain, and I'm not denying that. The public conception of the inquisition is only of the horrors. That just isn't correct; and it's especially not something that the pope intended to happen. > Dear Sweden > I just heard. What the fuck? I really liked Descartes! I sent him over so we could share, and you go killing him?! Fuck. This is why we can't have nice things. > Toodles, Marie. This seems a bit like a solution in search of a use case. There are simpler solutions for this particular usecase. Let's take an extreme case: You have 250 million paying customers you want to cache access to. Yeah, that's way more than you probably have, but the point is that you can keep 250 million integers in memory no problem what so ever. It fits in a gigabyte. There are raspberry pis with eight times that amount of RAM. You can just put the ids in a sorted array and you can check for existence with a binary search without having to deal with false positives. Adding a bunch more is as easy as a merge of sorted lists, and removing items is a great deal easier than doing the same in a floom filter. You're looking at log_2(250 million) = 27 iterations. Cache-wise it's not great but it's faster than a database access by a mile and you don't have to worry about hash functions. Maybe if you have several billion customers it starts to become a bit much to keep in memory, but that is a weird corner case indeed. I think fundamentally bloom filters are mainly useful for astronomical data sizes. If you have a petabyte of data partitioned between several datacenters, and you want to know which shards have entries with certain properties, bloom filers are amazing. A bloom filter that is just a few dozen megabytes can save you an enormous amount of computation in such a scenario. To cache network requests it really isn't that great. A basic LRU cache typically performs just as good, and is a lot easier to get right. I'm curious if you have a concrete example of a case where lookups aren't cheap and a bloom filter can solve the problem. In general, bloom filters are mainly useful for the sort of data where lookups are cheap, that is, testing for membership of a set, and that is typically one of the operations a database does really well. In most cases where you just want to save a network roundtrip, a LRU cache is often a lot easier to get right and is much easier to keep consistent against mutable data. Then we're indeed back in the territory of useful use cases, typically characterized by data that is far bigger than the system memory. Couldn't you just send deltas if that is the case? Surely the hourly updates wouldn't be hundreds of megabytes? I just tested extracting 5 million URLs from my web crawler and it was like 150 Mb in plain text. That's ignoring how easy it is to create compression schemes for URLs that slash their memory footprint by something like 80%. > As engineers, it's our job to weigh the tradeoffs between different solutions given the resources and constraints of the situation. For the situation I've outlined above, I'd at least strongly consider a bloom filter but it's certainly not the only way to do it. We should also not gloss over that with a bloom filter can't rule out false positives, and it's really not feasible to figure out which they are. Due to the nature of hashing, you won't be able to easily come up with a list of false positives. Finding just one hash collision in a wide hash is computationally stupidly hard. > As with anything, there are tradeoffs and your requirements can change over time. Maybe the ad networks or malware creators start using new domains every 10 minutes to counter your blocking system so now you have to store more data and disseminate it more frequently. Domains cost quite a lot of money so that is still pretty unrealistic. Sure you can have CN wildcards, but you can also do wildcard matching. Actually this whole scenario is unrealistic, since you can just serve ads off a random URL. The way you would create a decent ad filter is to look for characteristics in the script itself (a bit like an antivirus program), not base it off the URL. Unrelated anecdote, I once worked in an office where the light switches were powered by the cloud. If you pressed the on and off button at the same time, there would be some sort of a race condition and you'd get blinking disco lighting as two threads presumably went while (!bright) { increaseBrightnessBy10%(); sleep(100ms); } and while (!dark) { decreaseBrightnessBy10%(); sleep(100ms); } Then someone had to log into a server and reboot a process before the blinking stopped. Why is this a requirement? The instantly part. Any office that uses physical keys will fail to meet this requirement, and we've had that system for quite a long time and it seems to have worked alright. Is curiosity a desire to gain knowledge? Is it a desire to see if you are right or wrong? Is it a drive to test existing hypotheses? Aren't these the same thing, or at least very closely related? If you learn whether you are right or wrong, you gain knowledge (or purge ignorance) and vice versa; and testing hypotheses is how you find out if you are right or wrong. I think the defining trait of curious people is that they understand that they are ignorant. Socrates is a great example of a curious person, he even taught by asking questions rather than providing answers, and a large part of what he seems to have wanted to teach is his method of asking questions. I certainly found myself employing that method of engaging with the world after reading Plato, and it just eroded away a lot of assumptions I had never thought to challenge. Which just raised more questions. It's humbling discovering that things you thought you knew as truth were just notions that sound true. Like why do we value freedom in society? Beyond "it seems true to lots of people" I genuinely don't know, and it's kind of terrifying that I can't seem to find a good answer for that. Now some of you are already typing an answer to why we value freedom, do yourself a favor and repeat the question "Ok, why is that?" a couple of times and don't take "it's obvious!" for an answer and you will see what I mean. It creates a desire to engage with the world as it is, rather than our notions of what it is. Overall curiosity is something I associate with people who are skeptics, like Michel de Montaigne or David Hume. It requires a rare sense of detachment to go "huh, I wonder why he thinks like that when things appear quite different through my eyes?" when you hear someone say something you disagree with. If you play a game and you lose, you can either get involved in the loss and be upset that your strategy didn't work even though it should have, or you can go "huh, I thought that would work, I wonder why not?" I think curiosity hinges on not identifying yourself so much with your preconceived notions of the world. If we pride ourselves on how much we know, then facts that disagree with what we know threaten to unravel our self-esteem, so we push them away and refuse to consider such possibilities. I don't know how you would meaningfully rank physicists without resorting to subjective value judgements. The notion of importance exists only in relationship to our ability to accomplish our goals, and goals are subjective. I'll argue it's still the same thing just with different subjects. The first is seeking knowledge about rust, and the other is seeking knowledge about an assumption. The world is finally catching up with the capabilities of TempleOS. The most impressive part is that it doesn't do this at the expense of compatibility. The page is reasonably navigable in a text-based browser like w3m. It's perhaps not the easiest to navigate that way, but that's a complaint that could be levied in browsers with javascript and renderings as well. I kinda want to see a standard deviation on those measurements. That seems to be the case with a lot of modern rendering. I imagine it's why what's considered "acceptable framerates" in games keeps rising. 50 FPS on a (PAL) NES game is incredibly snappy and allows frame perfect inputs, whereas in a modern shooter it's almost unplayably sluggish. The pipeline rendering architecture is probably also in part to blame. It doesn't degrade particularly gracefully. Modern GPUs have staggered rendering where one frame is rendered while the previous frame is postprocessed (that's a bit simplified, it's more like a waterfall with a bunch of different steps). That sort of a conveyor belt-like operation always induces latency, and a struggling GPU increases the time it takes the frame to hit the screen. We blame the frame rate, but in reality that's just another symptom of what's causing the perception of sluggishness, rather than the cause itself. That actually isn't particularly helpful. Picture the rendering process like a conveyor belt factory. This is a bit of a simplified model, GPUs are incredibly complex and things aren't quite this straightforward, but it's good enough way of reasoning about how they operate by imagining something like Factorio. First you load up a scene, and then it goes into one machine that does the first part of the rendering, then the next machine does the next part, and so on and so forth, until it arrives at the other end and is drawn on the screen. It's easy to see you can start working on the next frame while the first frame is in the second machine and that's probably in general a good idea. Reducing how many items are on the belt doesn't reduce the time it takes to go from start to finish (i.e. the latency), it still has to go through the same steps. Loading up more items on the belt at the same (probably) improves the stability of the framerate, but again it does nothing for latency. If you load up too much on the belt may cause problems, but such a condition is easy enough to determine and avoid programmatically. The frames still take the same time to go from start to finish. Bottom line is that the time between frames and the time to render a frame are disconnected, if they seem connected it's because getting a better GPU increases them both. But you could (hypothetically) render at 120 Hz refresh rate with a 30 second rendering latency. I think we are talking about different things. I'm talking about what the GPU is doing to render a scene once the CPU has handed it off to the GPU, not what the engine is doing to produce the scene. This pipeline: https://www.khronos.org/opengl/wiki/Rendering_Pipeline_Overv... It's pretty manageable, like 15k queries per hour on and off since yesterday. It's been easy to flag and block. Not really sure what they are trying to do, the queries just look like a bunch of random keywords, almost like they are looking for blogspam. But it's too overspecified so they're not getting any meaningful results. I have a hunch they are trying to estimate the ranking of like hacked WordPress installs, because their search terms look a lot like the sort of keyword stuffing you find on those. Indeed. Why would the gold vanish? Isn't the property it's most famous for that it's extremely resistant to corrosion and general unreactiveness? Hm, yeah, then it makes sense that there wouldn't be any traces. Makes sense. My hobby project, a search engine, blew up (on its own) in social media a few weeks too early, at a time it was appealing but not really useful, leaving a lot of people trying it out but not many using it. However I do honestly believe more in slow organic growth than expkosive overnight success. I don't manufacture shoes, does this mean my decision endangers the continued existence of footware? Why not just lower the crawl rate? My search engine crawler visits tens of million documents in a week at a rate of 1 doc/second, but a few hundred different domains at the same time. Going as low as 0.2 dps could easily be doable I think. I earn less money, but I work 32 hours a week, have 6 weeks paid vacation, and a 5 minute commute. It's also really hard to "translate" money via exchange rates. Cost of living matters a lot. If food and housing is cheap, then the money goes a lot longer. That's also the sort of goods that the arbitrage pressure of international trade struggles to even out. Maybe if WFH becomes a big international thing, but I don't think we're quite there yet. The grass does seem tend to appear greener in the other paradigm. Barely typed languages like C made rigorously typed languages like C++ and Java seem appealing. The boilerplatiness of those languages made duck typing seem appealing. Writing anything nontrivial with duck typing made more elaborate type systems seem appealing. Needing a PhD in category theory to produce a side effect will no doubt make some other paradigm seem appealing in the future. > Eh, I consider Java to be barely typed too. If you have a variable of type Foo, the type system doesn't even guarantee that you have a Foo in there (it might be null). The whole point of a type system, in my mind, is to guarantee that I have that Foo! That seems a rather arbitrary limitation. When Java says Foo, it would translate to what you would consider Maybe . How you represent types, and what that representation implies is a matter of semantics. That said, Java's type system is pretty dang weird, especially generics. > This oft-repeated exaggeration needs to stop. Using monads does not require a PhD in category theory. If you can understand Promises in JavaScript, then you can grasp how IO works in Haskell. The concepts themselves aren't particularly hard to grok, but the more academic side of functional programming (i.e. Haskell) is comically inaccessible, mostly due to jargon (monads aren't even that bad compared to something like kleisli arrows). The wisdom of monorepos is highly contingent on what sort of operation you're running. I've worked in organizations where some higher up read some tech blog that praised them as the salvation of programmer kind and pushed them through, but it turned out to be a really bad fit for the stuff we were doing. If you have something you might characterize as one large suite of applications, they do bring benefits. If you have many independent products, as is common in the B2B-space, especially with several versions in production at different customers that have different customization demands, it can be an absolute nightmare. Team A and D urgently required feature X as some regulation went through in their market and their customers had gambled it wouldn't, now Team B, E and G can't produce anything meaningful for six weeks because they need to build a downstream workarounds to circumvent feature X because their customers aren't allowed to have it because it violates GDPR. I think reading books is a good way of practicing concentration. The moment you stop paying attention to the text, the reading falls apart completely. It gives a very direct feedback when your mind has wandered. You can get away with skimming texts on the Internet, indeed you kind of have to with all the ads, inline links, and other visual cruft clamoring for your attention, but that usually does not work particularly well with books, especially if it's a more demanding read. Reading can be shockingly hard if you haven't done it in a while, but it rapidly gets a lot easier. Windows 10 has steadily gotten worse. I booted into Windows for the first time in a while a few days ago. I was reminded that last time I logged out I was forced to install an upgrade. I was met with a screen forcing me to connect my user account with my Microsoft account. No way out of the process. I didn't know the password to my Microsoft account since I never use it for anything. I couldn't reset the password because my computer was locked and demanding a Microsoft account. I don't have any email access on my phone because it's so hard to secure. Had to shut down the computer and boot into Debian to reset my Microsoft password. Then I booted back into Windows, signed in, went into the control panel and signed out again. What the actual fuck. Who thought this process was a good idea? Skepticism is the driving engine behind science. It works well so long as people keep asking questions until they get satisfactory answers. Science is anti-fragile. The harder you attack it, the sturdier it becomes. So this is fine. The only time it really stops working is if people start treating it as doctrine, and demanding that you accept it on faith, and take any questions as evidence that you are an enemy of science. If anything destroys science, it is this line of reasoning. Skepticism does not require a degree or a license from the government. The only intellectually honest thing is to admit to yourself that you do not know until you are convinced otherwise. Whether other people say they are convinced is honestly quite irrelevant. They reason they are thriving is this doctrinal view of science where anything that gets published is holy gospel. It opens up for these fringe movements is to present themselves as scientific, since they too have papers they can point to, and arguments that mirror the form of the scientific establishment. The way to beat them is to be very clear about the limitations of science, and stop trying to misrepresent it as having a larger degree of certainty than it has. Science is demonstrably wrong sometimes, especially early research like the stuff that was circulating in the beginning of the C19-pandemic, and to make matters worse, a large part of science is dedicated to identifying instances where science is wrong. That clashes with the official message is "trust the science" and makes devastating ammunition for undermining its credibility, especially nowadays when it is very easy to go back and check what claims were made in the past against which claims are made today. Why must skeptics be convinced? It is perfectly okay to live in doubt, ask Pyrrho. I also think misconceptions about Occam's razor are to blame. It's a good heuristic for choosing which hypotheses to test first, but a lot of people seem to misuse it as a heuristic for which of two propositions is more likely to be true, which is unfounded and very often leads to incorrect conclusions. It's basically on par with "there's no smoke without fire". People tend to assume that if they cannot prove P and cannot prove ¬P, then ¬P must be assumed to be true. This is of course not correct at all, and most propositions can be rephrased so that Q=¬P and ¬Q=P. If there is no evidence either way, then neither P nor ¬P is supported, and we should remain uncertain. The scientific method cannot be separated from the humans that practice it. It doesn't have some separate existence as a platonic ideal. Ideas like these must be judged based on their actual real world performance, and not on the lofty promises of the ideologues that promote the ideas. Luckily science doesn't require perfectly rational practitioners. It still works even if practiced human beings. Labeling people as part of some group of undesirables seems to be a very popular way of not having to meet legitimate criticism these days. I wish we would be better at calling it out. What's wrong with being wrong? If we are to be honest with ourselves, we must admit that we are wrong about things, each and every one of us. We may be right about some things, but even those are for the most part incomplete truths. Science actually progressed in Europe as well during the supposed dark ages. The whole notion that science just laid dormant between the fall of Rome and the renaissance is enlightenment-era propaganda that unfortunately has become part of the western cultural narrative. Ironically the notion of a Muslim golden age of free thought and science followed by a long dark age of no progress and oppression is also largely imagined. I built a static site generator mostly because I wanted to dick around with some concepts in hypertext, like automatic backlinks and a very explicit filesystem metaphor. I also primarily target the Gemini protocol, so the web presence is a bit of an afterthought and that probably shows as well. I deliberately included every limitation of gemtext into the HTML rendering of the documents, including no inline links and no inline images. It does do some special rendering but very little. It's backed by a git repository with gemtext files that get rendered into HTML. There is also a gmi->gmi conversion for gemini, as I introduced a few non-standard tags to instruct the page generator to add stuff like generating feeds for the blog part and so on. The result is weird and not at all intuitive. I also realized this is basically off-brand Confluence except not as hard to navigate and 1000 times faster. But yeah, the main point is experimentation. Testing ideas and seeing what sticks. Some of it does, but not everything. Like I have no headers for my web sites. My thought was that it's just a part you scroll by, a piece of pointless self-promotion. I wanted to elevate the content above all else. Turns out it's pretty confusing when you do that. Books have a cover for a reason. So developers like developing stuff. Yeah that probably about sums it up. I don't think that's an obstacle to writing. Let's be honest, the average blog lifetime is probably lasts less than a dozen posts. The ones that last are weird outliers, and that's not a problem from choosing the wrong technology. Well do you actually want to write? If you describe writing as a pain, maybe writing just isn't your jam. Seems pretty common that people have a romanticized idea of writing, and like the idea of being a writer much more than they actually enjoy the writing process. We mostly learn by trial and error. So do users need to be shielded from making mistakes? I've had a bunch of bots doing oddly specific nonsense searches in my search engine, stuff like casinos, online pharmacies, warez. The bermuda triangle of dodgy internet sites. They are very strange because they are both generic and specific at the same time. Here is an example: > skyrim english voice files (and subtitles) latest version You get no results with my search engine, but interestingly, if you feed that into google, you get some pretty dodgy top results. It looks like the type of SEO spam nonsense you find on websites, hacked wordpress deployments are often rife with these types of keywords. I think they are trying to manipulate a would-be suggestion algorithm somehow. Problem is I don't do anything with the user input. Could be, but usually bots that post spam include some form of link, not just keywords. The link is the entire point of posting spam. There also seems to be a few distinct bots doing this, with distinct user agents (but bots with the same UA spam-search on the same topic out of epharma, casino, warez). I also have another, identical search box in another part of the site and it has never seen any sort of spam bots. I have a hunch the graphical fidelity of this could drastically be improved with floyd-steinberg dithering. Could definitely be something along those lines. Discovering all this black hat SEO stuff and what they are doing to manipulate search engines has been one of the great joys of this project. Nobody seems to write much about it, maybe because they don't want to give people ideas, but it's an endlessly fascinating subject. A lot of this seems to be a mechanism to sooth anxieties about whether you are on the right track when taking a risk. Feels good to have a nice graph that points upward. In the past you would have seen an oracle or an astrologer to get reassurance. People do it as well, they gather tons of statistics on themselves like how many steps they've walked and how many glasses of water they've had and how many hours they've slept, which for the most part is completely non-actionable information and your body is much better at telling you if you are feeling well rested than your spreadsheet is. You get a pretty graph for sure, but it ultimately doesn't say anything you didn't already know. I guess you could convince yourself this is science, but in science the hypothesis precedes the experiment. If you gather tons of arbitrary data and go digging for correlations, you will find them, but anything interesting you find is most likely going to be spurious relationships and other statistical aberrations. It's data dredging, not science. Looks pretty promising. There seems to be quite a lot of frustration with finding recipes, so I think there is a market for something like this. If you are looking for ways to improve the relevance of the search results, try to prioritize results that contain the exact search terms in the title, then some of the terms in the title, and then in the description, and then in the ingredients. It's pretty tricky to get right, but I don't think you are that far off. I'd also get rid of the email fishing popovers, it's very off-putting. Well you could just have state snapshots taken at regular intervals and then verify that both sides' hashes agree. It's only a couple of thousand entities so it's really not so bad. For you can probably ignore those that haven't deviated from the previous snapshot (and that would account for a state reconstruction taking time). RTS games have a replay mechanisms at least as far back as StarCraft: Brood War, so a journal of player inputs are likely going to be recorded anyway. We're still talking about a few dozen kilobytes of data here. A dozen or so bytes worth of global state per player, up to 200 units per player with a few bytes worth of state (position, order, action, action target, hitpoints), maybe a hundred projectiles, order of 1000 static entities with just hitpoints. Gotta keep in mind that these games were written in languages that did not have modern garbage collection, so almost certainly stored entity information in arrays to avoid heap fragmentation and malloc costs. A few dozen Kb is far beyond what you can push over a modem in real time for sure, but memcpy:ing a couple of kilobytes' worth of arrays was still plenty fast in the late '90s/early 2000s. They weren't running these games on a 6502. Or φ^-1=φ-1 Dunno, I've had use from knowing how to implement hash tables several times just in the last few months. Extremely useful stuff if you are working with memory mapped data that is larger than system memory. I had to keep deleting my Spotify account because my recommendations kept getting contaminated with music genres I didn't like that were impossible to get rid of. Listening to the wrong song two times could irrevocably ruin my recommendations. I would have very much liked a dislike button, or at least a "forget everything you think you know about me"-button. Now it ended up with me getting rid of Spotify, because of this and other frustrations. > in general customer's just do not use dislike buttons. So exposing them isn't a value add and usually a UI clutter that most customer's have no use for and won't use. A feature does not need to be used often to be useful. Take a fire extinguisher for example. Going by this logic, since most people will never even touch a fire extinguisher and most of them are never actually used, we should get rid of them because they're a cause of clutter. They should add an incognito mode or something. You could even do this maliciously. Send someone a Spotify link to a Steely Dan song and a Skrillex song, and now yacht rock and dubstep will follow them around until they delete their account (I'm assuming the intersection between those fan-bases is vanishingly small). Doesn't that just hide your activity from other people? I think perhaps the explanation why modern applications seem as slow as, or in many cases slower than their Windows 3.11 equivalents loading stuff off a floppy disk, may be this general disregard for choosing good data structures. We have a hardware that's thousands, if not a million times faster, yet it hardly seems to matter when the code is a thousand, if not a million times slower. I think the relative "power" of a music genre is in relationship to its popularity compared to the popularity of what you usually listen to. Stands to reason that if you listen to rarer music (i.e. stuff the algorithm has less information about), then stuff that is more common (and the algorithm knows more about) will have a disproportionate effect on your recommendations. This seems to be a problem with this general type of recommendation algorithms in general. YouTube suffers from it as well. The data does not speak at all. You are drawing inferences based on the data, inferences of a type that are pretty easy to poke holes in by looking at the pretty large class of things rarely used but situationaly useful (often life saving). This type of bizarre logic makes me feel like I have to habitually use features even when they are not useful in order to protect them from UX designers in case I'm subject to some misguided A/B test. I think it depends on what you consider work. For a lot of people doing manual labor, learning can absolutely be a leisure activity. It is a refreshing way to relax your tired body while stimulating a restless mind. If you spend your days in an office, then going to the gym and doing deadlifts may feel like a leisure activity. It conversely allows you to relax your tired mind while stimulating a restless body. What constitutes relaxation is dependent on what part of you needs to rest. > Ego depletion as a concept has been challenging to prove, if at all Isn't this just a problem in trying to reduce the phenomenal experience of self into some objective reality, a quest that reduces to something adjacent to the hard problem of consciousness. It he only incentive to do stuff money? Asking because I find myself building a lot of stuff despite not really making money off it. His thesis is basically the cliffnotes version of the later Feynman & Hibbs-book, which is a bit of a standard in that part of physics. I relied heavily on it when I did my thesis (even if it was at best tangentially related). Feyman was very readable for an academic, even on an academic level. Very clear writing style. Well, both. I'm building and running this: https://search.marginalia.nu/ Paid the server out of pocket, built the code all by myself. I do take donations that currently just about cover the running costs, but at this surplus it will take me something like 30 years to get back the hardware investment (assuming no hardware fails in the interim and running costs don't increase). Don't take this as complaining, it's just a statement of facts. I'm incredibly grateful that so many people are supporting it. I've built and operate a search engine. Do all people want power? Seems like Nietzsche would probably agree, but Damocles would voice objections. Seems like what most people want is something more akin to self-determination. It isn't quite power, and it isn't quite freedom, but somewhere in the middle. The nuance is in the contrast between freedom from compulsion and the ability to compel. Most care about the former but power only grants the latter. Do you want to enslave your partner? Compel them to live with you against their will? It is questionable whether these two ever actually met, but the moral of the story is relevant so I'll repeat the tale. Alexander the Great, the embodiment of power, approached notorious hobo philosopher Diogenes the Cynic and asked if there was anything he can do for him. Sunbathing Diogenes asks Alexander if he wouldn't mind stepping to the side a bit, as he is blocking the light. Alexander is able to compel armies and lay countries to ruin, but Diogenes is resistant to all compulsion but is without land, possessions, rank, title, nobility, reputation, and so on. There is nothing you can take away from him he hasn't already given up, no hardship you can impose on him that he does not willingly endure. Even the times he is de facto enslaved, he is still free, because he willingly subjects himself to any punishment. It would be an absurd conclusion that the reason Diogenes is able to make a mockery of this request is because this homeless man is more powerful than Alexander the Great. Yeah but the 【 ａｅｓｔｈｅｔｉｃｓ】 Well let's go back to the statement you made a few comments ago > Money is a proxy for power. Has a better alternative proxy to power been demonstrated to exist? Here the a man with no possessions suddenly has power, and the richest most powerful man in the world struggles to exert power. I think more software engineers should do themselves the favor of dabbling in search engine design. It really is the gift that keeps on giving in terms of interesting problems, you get everything from large scale graph processing, esoteric data structures, down to bit twiddling optimization, language processing, dealing with seriously messy and sometimes adversarial real world data. Everything is challenging, but none of it is impossible, even as a solo project. Wikipedia actually doesn't want to be indexed by third party search engines. Mediawiki is a heap of underoptimized PHP garbage so pages are (expensively) rerendered every time you visit them. If nobody wants to do that, that seems like a real big incentive to find a better solution to the problem. This is of course assuming the profits aren't siphoned off into some offshore tax haven. To be fair, most physicists today will agree that the geocentric and heliocentric world views are equivalent, they are just different frames of reference, both non-inertial. I stopped looking at what the marketers tell me I'm supposed to want in a phone, and went shopping for phones that have what I actually want: Durability and battery life. I've started getting those rugged phones of the sort they market at construction workers. They're brilliant. Water/mud/dust/salt resistant, you can drop them however many times you feel like without cracking the screen, battery life is alomost two days (and that is while using the thing). They're also pretty big and clunky, the camera is unimpressive, and the performance is middling at best, but I honestly don't mind that at all. This is actually doable. There's a tweak to PageRank you can do (that's as old as the original paper[1]) that allows you to bias the ranking toward a certain set of websites. It works really well. While it's probably unfeasible (or at least really expensive) to do completely personalized rankings, that's just too much data, but segmenting off into areas like academia, blogosphere, tech, etc. is quite doable, and as the authors remark, this approach is highly resilient to manipulation from commercial interests. [1] http://ilpubs.stanford.edu:8090/422/1/1999-66.pdf Why do we need to measure code quality? This seems in conflict with the fact that we, as humans, are subjects -- with no direct access to any sort of objective reality. The measurements these businesses are looking at are (by definition) disjointed from reality as experienced by their customers and employees. Is good enough all we're striving for? Is treading water the pinnacle of human accomplishment? > It is important to ask [...] "how do I measure 'looking something'" when this sort of topic is bought up. Why is that? Yeah, I get that, but why do we need to measure it? (in a context of accepting the possibility) "'Machine Learning' is Linear Algebra for marketers" You read it here first. A lot of the western idea of Russian seriousness is probably from the difference in cultural attitudes toward smiling. Westerners look at pictures of non-smiling Russians and think they are angry or serious or sad. There is a picture floating around with three astronauts, an American, a Russian, and an Italian: Big Smile, Soul Piercing Death Stare, Big Smile. If you are in any way familiar with russians, you understand why, but a lot of westerners just aren't, and completely misread it. This is not just speculation but personal observation. I am in the position of knowing several russians and americans (while living in nether country), and I do think this is a pretty pronounced difference. It's not people in the street perhaps that is the big contrast, but in social interaction. The americans pretty much always smile when they greet you regardless of whether you've met, and do the whole fake "how are you" routine. I've never encountered russians doing that. It's not that they never smile, but that the reasons for smiling aren't quite the same. It may be a generational thing as well. Russia is a lot less isolated from the west today, so these cultural clashes may be fading away. I think I stopped using them when the browsers inexplicably lost their menus. I don't really understand why the menus went away from the top of web browser, since desktop screen space hasn't been an issue since the late '90s, even on laptops. I've never hidden anything, yet my Firefox only has an out-of-place mobile style menu. In general I feel the EU bureaucracy doesn't understand the problems well enough, so the solutions typically tend to be annoying and expensive without mitigating the problem (and often the problem they attempt to solve sounds like it was formulated 10-15 years ago). My experience using Firefox for a long-ass time has been marred with seemingly arbitrary changes that have frustratingly broken my workflow, since way back when they redesigned the URL bar in Firefox 2 and complaints were met with an irreverent "sucks to be you I guess." It's made me reduce the amount of features I use in Firefox because I feel I can't trust the features will be there anymore or work the same in the next release. Often the benefits are small, and the changes seem to be for the sake of changing things rather than to bring tangible improvements. Workflow-breaking changes are incredibly frustrating for the user, and something a mature project should only do with extreme reluctance. Yet Firefox seems to do it haphazardly. I would honestly be happy to use a browser that looked and worked like Netscape 1.0 as long as it supported modern web standards and didn't keep moving buttons around. I think Firefox has identity issues. It used to be defined in terms of Internet Explorer, but now that IE isn't the dominant player anymore, I don't think Firefox has really found what it wants to be, so the last decade it's sort of been floundering. Seems like optimizing a thing that's already pretty quick and easy to set up (and using docker and similar does not mean you don't need to understand how nginx works). It's not like it's impossible to remove odors with chemical means. A very concrete example: The way lingering smoke damage is treated after scrubbing off the soot is with ozone. The smoke smell is from volatile partially oxidized hydrocarbons, and ozone just loves getting rid of an oxygen molecule and becoming O^2. It's at least conceivable that there would be less noxious options available than ozone. An old trick is to use vinegar, seems to work. C itself is actually a pretty good example of where this fails as well. Its standard library is usually more macros than code. It's necessary if you are going to ship portable code that deals with every conceivable architecture and endianness and permutation of toolchain from 1976 until now, but it's not how most C code looks. K&R is a much more meaningful guide than unistd.h. I usually prefer working with mature stacks that don't require me to constantly work with flavor of the month frameworks. It's great to broaden your horizons and all, but that is something that needs to be done judiciously and deliberately if it is to actually be of any use. The remarkable thing is how many people seem to be working with computers without understanding how they work. I'm just gonna play the devil's advocate here for a moment, because I do think there is an interesting discussion to have. The argument seems to be that we have rights because the UN says so. Who or what endowed the UN (or anyone else) with the prerogative to declare human rights? Let's imagine a that the UN would change its mind and declares the right to eternal salvation, and mandates that every state submit to the authority of the holy see. If the current rights are "true" human rights, and the right to salvation is a "false" human right, what sets them apart given that the UN in this hypothetical scenario declares them both? How do rights become true or false? This doesn't really change the question. If two people (or groups) are arguing over whether something is part of the social contract, how can we tell which of them is correct? This also seems to go against the spirit of human rights. How can we motivate minority rights in a society that feels justified persecuting minorities (i.e. in a society where minority rights are not part of the social contract)? If you are correct and it's all down to majorities bullying minorities around, how can we motivate human rights? Especially since they seem to have been instituted to prevent majorities bullying minorities around. Ok, if as you say, human rights can just be declared arbitrarily by anyone and have no special significance or legal power beyond being a fancy way of saying "I want this", why would anyone care about human rights in the first place? Returning to the post, if Tor is claiming "Privacy Is A Human Right", and Facebook (hypothetically) responds "No It Isn't", can either party be said to be correct? If neither is correct (or both simultaneously), is it even a meaningful statement about the world to declare a human right like Tor does? If you say the sky is blue, or that water is wet, or that rock is hard, or that ice is cold, and so forth; I can agree with you because I can use my senses and they tell me the same thing you were telling me. If you tell me the angular sum of a triangle is 180 degrees, I cannot see it directly with my senses, but I can construct a simple proof with pen and paper that shows me it cannot be any other way than what you told me. How do you experience the truth of the human right to privacy? Right, but the only things I have access to are the things I can experience. I am of a slight empiricist bent, so if I am to be convinced about something, it needs to at least be related to those sorts of things I have experienced or can experience. I can't touch something like a social contract or an ideological standpoint, I don't know where it is are or how long it's been there, when it happened, how intense it is, whether it has any properties, whether it was caused or can cause; these things don't appear to be like anything that in any sense can be said to exist. If these things are gods, then for the sake of this conversation let's call my position an agnostic one. Society is complex, but even complex things are built from the parts we can see and touch, and since our senses are the only means we have for interacting with the world, even impossibly complex things must somehow be relatable back to them (unless there is some additional channel in which knowledge enters our minds?). If something is so nebulous that it is completely built from things we can't experience in any way other than being told about them, then how can they be said to exist at all, how could we tell this tale apart from complete fiction? It's understandable. It's uncomfortable to have the things you believe to be true brought into the light and scrutinized. They killed Socrates for asking too many of these types of questions. Right, but doesn't that inevitably lead to nihilism? If all value systems are equal, then are any value systems meaningful? Why do we assert that this-and-that is a human right in such a context? This loops back to the question of what we mean when we say a moral statement is true, which is really the heart of what we are investigating. > the "is-ought" problem follows from a particular (very problematic) metaphysics Why is it problematic? > It does not follow from an Aristotelian understanding of metaphysics. Aristotle's metaphysics does also carry some baggage. It is contingent on an unmoved mover/active intellect that creates not only motion but purpose in the universe. Although his ethics can broadly be taken at face value as long as you agree with the proposition that your purpose is to flourish as a human. It does seem to work pretty well, although the question he was truly answering was how to be a happy individual, whereas the meaning of ethics has shifted over the millennia to deal more with civic virtues than personal ones. Right, but how does this process create truth? I've put some thought on this topic, and I think the driving force between the Internet seeming so small nowadays is a combination of changes to how search engines work, as well a move from forums to big social media which has meant a shift from organic community discovery to being drip-fed content from based on what an algorithm thinks will be engaging. The Internet, as you remember it, still very much exists. Some forums have shut down, but there are still small personal websites, blogs, all that stuff. They're just really hard to find with Google and facebook/reddit/twitter. Here are some cool and creative things I've discovered recently. I have no affiliation with these projects, I just thought they were cool: http://www.lileks.com/ http://dreamcult.xyz/ http://sod.jodi.org/index.html http://godxiliary.com/ https://www.floppyswop.co.uk/ https://www.dedware.com/ Shameless self-promotion: https://search.marginalia.nu/ I honestly do think link pages should make a comeback. Websites are really bad at linking to each other. It's like they are trying to trap their visitors or something and prevent them from leaving by having no exits, but no visitor likes to feel trapped like that. It's fun to assemble link lists, it has a sort of scrapbooking quality to it, and as long as the links are of high quality, they can be very enjoyable to browse through as well. That's the benefits beyond the service they provide for the personal website ecosystem which is really struggling with serious discoverability issues. A lot of the original metaphors for "using" the internet carry connotations of exploration or perusing, but they've been in use for so long the meaning has sort of gotten worn off. Listen to these words and think about what they actually mean: Internet Explorer , or Web Browser , even Netscape Navigator with its nautical theme has such connotations. Well what do you propose, should search engines be arbiters of truth? That would give them a terrifying power over society at large. Are there examples that aren't that book (or derived from that book)? I'm not sure I'm convinced about that. The desire for convenience may be a widespread cultural message, but I wonder if it comes from people and not marketers. A lot of people seem to suffer in perpetual convenience, they may not be able to articulate it, but it makes them uncomfortable. After a while they feel restless and crave some sort of meaning in life, something to engage with, an interesting idea, a hobby, a project. Some form of work, not for salary but to create something or learn something or do something. Something real and authentic. This thread is actually a good example of that, and OP isn't the only one who has noted that the Internet seems to have turned into a soulless mall where nothing has any effort or thought put into it. Well, it hasn't, but when you engage with the Internet through certain tools it sure looks that way. You would typically require some sort of filtering in an N-gram index to prevent the index from growing larger than the corpus. Maybe something like a tf-idf-threshold, or some other heuristic. Otherwise you get a lot of useless "of that", "in an", "as a"-type word salad that is of no use to anyone, while what's actually useful sounds more like N-grams out of Tamarian. They already don't want you to just scrape stuff off Wikipedia because mediawiki apparently doesn't do proper caching and does a stupidly expensive re-rendering of every page that is fetched. So the option you have is using stale data dumps. They're reasonably workable, I even host low-markup versions of every wikipedia article myself in my home lab and it's like some 100 Gb worth of compressed data, images excluded. Uncompressed I don't know where it ends up, but below 1 Tb at any rate. Manageable but very unwieldy. File systems like ext4 struggle with that number of files in a directory so you need to be a bit crafty, but it's not hard to get around. If all you want is an info box, you could probably squeeze it down to a couple of hundred gigabytes uncompressed. Definitely not something you need a data center for. The catch, as mentioned, is is that the data is a stale snapshot. The only way you are getting current data is on the main site, which may be a problem if you have ambitions of staying up to date. I personally don't mind. I figure they used to sell printed encyclopedias and that worked pretty well so having a 1 year old copy of Wikipedia isn't that bad. It's also a sort of weird domain. I can see how it might not be easy to host in the cloud in a way that's both affordable and performant. Since so many insist on cloud-based apps nowadays, there's probably a market for Wikipedia APIs with a good SLA. Maybe I'm misinterpreting them then, they seem quite concerned about automated page visits. Like for example this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Mirrors_and_forks#Re... and this: https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Live_mirrors Something resulting in 50k page fetches of cached data in a day is nothing. A raspberry pi could handle 50k static documents in an hour. Probably requires the technology to reach some tipping point. It was the same with VR and motion tracking. We've been able to do those things for nearly half a century, but it hasn't been anywhere near commercially viable until recently. Wouldn't a light version of this basically just be a fancy camera obscura? Humans aren't some supernatural force. We're very much a part of nature as well. I figured if you were to create an optical camera on the same principles of an acoustic camera you would get into trouble with the very short coherence length of sunlight. It's easy enough to build something that can deal with a laser, but sunlight has a coherence length of just a couple of dozen micrometers. If you are working on a larger scale than that, the phase information effectively becomes useless. I think people should be a lot more concerned about the possibility of accidentally deriving your work on something with an AGPL license. I agree motivation is a pretty bad way of getting anything done, true for life in general. The whole rocky montage thing grinds to a screeching halt the very moment the going gets tough, but I think you can manufacture inspiration to some degree. I like writing but I don't write all the time, it's an on-again off-again thing. Like any creative output it requires inspiration. I need to summon the muses, as it were. I typically need diverse reading to get that need to express something in text. It doesn't have to be at all similar to what I'm writing, it just has to be good. Ovid's Metamorphoses has helped me blog posts about the philosophy of science. Seems like the scenario the patent system is supposed to prevent. Re: lang="jp" My experience with web crawling is that the use of the lang-tag seems inconsistent at best. To make matters worse, sometimes content is straight up mislabeled, although Japanese sites often helpfully declare that they are using the Shift_JIS charset rather than UTF-8, which is at least somewhat helpful in figuring out that it is Japanese. Assuming you don't want alpha and only want a limited color space, what's wrong with gif? I think it's easy to overlook all the little things. Sure, you could probably whip something up in an hour that did a large part of of what it needed to do, but it would be kinda crappy and half-assed. You almost always do 80% of the work in the first 20% of the time, the rest is a lot slower, but every bit as important. People absolutely can tell when they are using something that has thought and effort put into it, and you can't fake that. Well limited colors can be a feature. I use the same 16 color palette for all my images, both for size, aesthetic identity, and to prevent freebooting. If you are invited to a dinner, you aren't entitled to eating all the food yourself because the hosts put it on the table, you aren't allowed to do anything you feel like in your host's home, use their toothbrush, drill holes in their walls. In a similar way, your software is borrowing time and computing resources from your users. You need to use them sparingly and respect that you do not own their hardware, but are a guest they have invited in. It's not your computer to do whatever you want with. DDD works well enough for translating a business domain to computer code, and if your main obstacle is byzantine business requirements it's great, but I wouldn't want to develop something like an MPEG encoder or an operating system based on that principle. They have quite different types of difficulties that don't benefit from DDD. Well at the same time, Factorio teaches you that you need some buffers to build a fault tolerant factory. Factorio often has implicit buffers through its belts (or bot network). If you build an inserter-only factory you'll become painfully aware how important they are to to the smooth operation of the factory. Otherwise it's very easy to get rolling waves of cascading backpressure, where the entire factory is only able to produce at good efficiency as long as you have fully saturated input as well as complete consumption of every product you produce. Bots still buffer items. Bot based factories produce when those buffers are low, not strictly when items are needed. A true on-demand factory would take ages to produce anything, it would basically not be much faster than handcrafting because the iron plates wouldn't start being created until the pipe is needed, and the pipe wouldn't be needed until the steam engine is needed. But it's much slower to make iron plates than pipes, and much slower to make 10 pipes than make a steam engine. Which is why you absolutely need those buffers. This type of buffering actually leads to the sort of supply chain bottlenecks we are experiencing. If the demand for stone suddenly rises to a point where much more walls and concrete is demanded, you get a massive delay in the production line because the stone needs to get mined and transported and crushed and transported &c before it even reaches the wall factory. It's not entirely dissimilar to the chip shortage we are seeing. Our processes require a long lead time, which depends on accurate forecasting to work well. When the forecasts fail, you additionally get huge knock-on effects because downstream products also get delayed, which delays additional products. It's incredibly efficient, nobody is denying that, but what can also not be denied is that incredibly fragile. > perhaps it’s time for a renaissance I'm not sure if this was intentional, but if it was, well played. Anyway it's interesting how many times fish fermentation (seemingly independently) seems to have cropped up in various cultures. A bit strange, since you have to be pretty dang hungry before you even go close to a fermenting fish. I've personally never experienced any problems with X11. What exactly are its problems? Being old isn't always a bad thing, quite the contrary, often times the things get old is by being quite good and working well. Well Linux itself is part of the long tail, so by this logic, why bother maintaining such an old fashioned and irrelevant operating system based on POSIX standards from the past? A gateway to what? We also gotta figure out how to get the contents of the screen to project onto their face. I saw quite a significant performance and resource usage benefit from migrating away from a virtualized kubernetes environment to bare metal debian, so their findings align well with my anecdata as well. Can you find sources for those "less than 5%"-numbers form people who aren't selling kubernetes or cloud-related services? It's generally pretty easy to construct benchmarks that make look favorable. It's why there's constantly blog posts to the effect of "$INTERPRETED_HIGH_LEVEL_LANGUAGE is faster than C++". I don't really have an opinion on the subject, but I do think this argument you are making isn't all too convincing. Hypothetical scenario: Imagine if we hadn't discovered the medium of air. Yet we have discovered that putting a sail on a boat makes it randomly push the boat forward. In that case, we could explain the mechanics of the sail with simple spring models, we would observe how the sail is perturbed as it accelerates, we could see that it's made out of atoms and see how those atoms build molecules which build threads which make a fabric, we could even convincingly model the fabric in computers, yet it would tell us very little about why the boat is animated by the sail. Why can't you design sites that degrades gracefully? Keep in mind that font loading in low-bandwidth areas can be atrociously slow. You may have to wait minutes before all the assets have loaded. Vanilla HTML has no such accessibility or compatibility problems and can be viewed in all browsers on any network. Whatever issues your sites have are issues you have added to them. I know you're thinking "well I don't see any of that in my analytics so this seems unlikely". Consider then that your analytics needs to actually load before the visitor bounces for them to show up in the statistics. Well clearly people are referring to textual porn. That means there can be text porn. Convention is the only thing that determines the meaning and usage of words. Are the majority affluent city-dwellers? Maybe in Luxembourg this is true, but in many parts of the world it just isn't. But you get a sort of selection bias. Out of the people with money to buy the tech that can keep up with these sites and the network speeds to use these sites, out of those people, most people have modern tech and good metropolitan network access. In general I think the size of the controversy tends to be inversely proportional to the size of the effect. This seems to apply to a lot of things, from how many reps you do in the gym to how you apply thermal paste to a CPU to how best to cook a steak. It's not that you can't mess these things up, but there does seem to be a rather large number of methods that work pretty well, and the difference in effect between "pretty well" and "optimal" seems overall to be small enough to allow for controversy. I think firefox has cache management problems. I got to the point where even opening an nginx test page off localhost took 1-2 seconds, but clearing the cache seems to have fixed it back to tolerable levels again. I think it's pretty generally applicable. If you think about it, there couldn't be a controversy if one of the options was clearly and demonstrably better than the other. Even manufactured controversies like 5G crackpots or snake oil cures seems to often revolve around these nebulous long term effects that hover like a mirage right on the precipice of what's testable, hinted at with a generous interpretation of the scientific literature, but never quite rigorously demonstrated. Well political systems aren't true or false statements about the world. People can and do have different political visions. Political debates often boil down to nonsense like "The best way to apply thermal paste is with the dot method!" "No, are you an idiot, look at the facts! The way you proper way to cook a steak is with a reverse sear!" Is there a general process for solving problems? These last 25 or so years I've been programming I've mostly just been thinking about the problem until I have a solution. Sometimes I go for a walk but that seems pretty hit-and-miss. My process seems to boil down to not realizing I was supposed to get frustrated and give up. If it's just a matter of following this algorithm, why do we still have unsolved problems? The results are a bit hit and miss, I think it has to do with the fact that either there isn't content that match my criteria in some topics, or the spider is stuck in some local minimum and simply hasn't discovered it yet. > Warning: it seems to be a one person thing and my experience is that results might differ somewhat from week to week. Yeah, it's still very much in development and I only have one server so unfortunately I have to do some of the develoment and testing in a way that is very visible. I can usually do preliminary tests off another computer, but it doesn't have nearly the same resources so it can only deal with a sample of about 2 million documents, makes the test results pretty hard to interpret sometimes. > Someone usually point out that SEO spammers will arrive shortly. I say that if SEO spammers start optimizing their pages by making them useful, lightweight, readable and without most tracking and ads I see that as a win. I'd also like to add to this that since some of the things I use as quality measures are opposite to the quaility measures used by Google, that means that any site that attempts to optimize for both metrics underperforms in both search engines. Well if it's not for you, then it's not for you. I'm not particularly into the marvel cinematic universe, but I don't rain on anyone's parade if they like that type of stuff. Text-heavy content isn't for everyone, and that is fine. The problem is that the modern Internet primarily caters to the lowest common denominator of viral mass appeal, which leaves the long tail, those who want more substance, yearning for more. That /more/ is out there, but it has massive discoverability issues. It's pretty hard to quantify quality due to the inherent category error in attempting to do so, so the measures are pretty much always going to be blunt and inexact. For what it's worth, while my marginalia /barely/ tolerates the technical aspects of maya.land, it's really teetering on the precipice of getting completely rejected, at the same time it ranked very highly in the search results due to its graph-adjacecy to the indieweb (it's domain #182 in that ranking). The company I was working for at the time spent a not insignificant amount of money and effort migrating away from Oracle JDK when they first pulled this shit. It was a B2B outfit, had maybe 30 customers running a dozen different products that the customers hosted themselves. The product was critical to business and the customers were large and part of critical infrastructure. Even a short outage would have made it into the news. What I'm saying is it wasn't a place where you could just hope for the best while migrating JVMs, everything needed to be tested and re-tested from every imaginable angle. This was extremely expensive, but in the long run, it was still a lot cheaper than ponying up for oracle licensing costs. I don't work there anymore, but I doubt they are repeating the process to migrate back, especially given how well OpenJDK works. I don't have exact figures, but I'd guess our customers really weren't too enthusiastic about getting bullied into vendor lock-in with Oracle, which through this very act had already demonstrated their unreliability and willingness to renege on existing terms. That may have been the bigger reason for migrating. Staying on Oracle was definitely an option, but nobody wanted that. If someone is signalling to you you that they do not want your bot on their site, then maybe respect that? Trying to circumvent it is besides being legally questionable, a serious pain in the ass for the site owner and makes websites more prone to attempt to block bots in general. Also, in my experience, most websites that block your bot, block your bot because your bot is too aggressive, or because you are fetching some resource that is expensive that bots in general refuse to lay off. Bots with seconds between the requests rarely get blocked even by CDNs. I ended up having to put my search engine behind a CDN and CAPTCHA every new IP because I got something like 30,000 search requests like this _per_hour_ from a botnet. They seem to have backed off now but they were really quite persistent for a while. I've honestly not had much problem at all crawling the web as an indie search engine operator. If you want to get past CloudFlare you can register your bot fingerprint with them. A small number of sites has blocked my crawler , but that's almost always been my own fault, and happened a few instances when the crawler was misbehaving and actually fetching too aggressively (or repeatedly). In every case just sending an email to the site explaining what happened and humbly asking for a second chance been enough to be allowed back in. Most website owners don't seem to mind small search engines at all, what they don't want is scrapers that aggressively scrape their entire site 10 times a day, ignoring robots.txt, and being a general nuisance. There are laws against unauthorized computer access. This is a scenario where you have a server explicitly saying "Stop! You are not permitted to access this computer!", and yet you persist in circumventing that by hiding your identity and accessing it anyway. Those are some murky waters. How do you interpret a 401 Unauthorized to mean you are authorized to access the resource? Good question, I can't find the link now either. I found it somewhere on Cloudflare's site. --edit-- Nevermind, here it is: https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/36003538743... It should skip to "I run a good bot...", but if it doesn't, that's where you want to scroll. Fine, send a 403 then. > The client does not have access rights to the content; that is, it is unauthorized, so the server is refusing to give the requested resource. Machines don't have any legal responsibility, bot-operators do. Which is why respecting these things is sort of important. At any rate, 40x does not mean "try again with a different user agent and another IP" If you go by the semantics of what the 403 code means, absolutely, that's excatly what the status code means. In practice there's of course nuance, like anyone will occasionally type in the wrong password on a log-in screen, maybe try again and then realize it was the wrong log-in prompt. That's mostly fine. That's different from deliberate trying to circumvent a measure like this. If you are doing the stuff in the link, you are absolutely crossing a line and you know it. There's a large difference between "I got a 403 so I hit F5 once" and "I got a 403 so I used a residential proxy and spoofed my user-agent". Usually means they have large ongoing problems with aggressive bots. While this is an influence, it shouldn't be too overstated. Some of these sentiments and doctrines are very close to ideas seen in earlier Socratic philosophers, people who wrote and operated before Alexander's expedition (A rough timeline is that Alexander studied under Aristotle, who was Plato's pupil, who was Socrates pupil). Socrates' entire method is one of systematic doubt, the only thing he is not certain of is that he does not know. This is how Plato portrays him as approaching everything. He asks question after question, and almost never gives answers or offers a clear position. A sentiment like “desire is absolutely the first of all bad things” from the wiki article also linked in this thread is quite adjacent to Plato, maybe not in those exact terms, but it's not a brand new idea. A good example of this is the leaky jar in Gorgias, a large chunk of The Republic also deals with which part of the soul should govern the body. What is the non-lazy alternative that stops a botnet DDOS without affecting regular visitors? If you go back and read the stuff from Brin and Page at the time, they do actually go to quite some lengths explaining how crucially important it is for search results to be relevant, and the original PageRank paper even outlines methods for reducing manipulation from commercial interests. It's a jarring contrast to what Google is today. "[...] we believe the issue of advertising causes enough mixed incentives that it is crucial to have a competitive search engine that is transparent and in the academic realm. " [1] http://infolab.stanford.edu/~backrub/google.html [2] http://ilpubs.stanford.edu:8090/422/1/1999-66.pdf > Why is Google the only one who can do it? Must they have yet another monopoly? I run a search engine and do my own crawling, and this does not correspond to my view of reality at all. I have had almost no problems with getting blocked. If I have gotten blocked, it's usually been my own fault and I've been able to get unblocked by sending them an email explaining I run a search engine and asking for forgiveness because my bot wasn't behaving well. The bots that do get blocked are bots in most cases bots that misbehave, ignore robots.txt, fetch the same resources repeatedly or with insane crawl-delays. There are a few rare exceptions, but the whole "why does Google get a free pass when I don't?"-angle just doesn't hold water at all. > I've had scripts that made 1 request per day get blocked for no reason. Not to mention the endless cloudflare javascript bullshit they made me support for it to even work. Google doesn't repeat requests every day. I don't repeat requests every day. That's a weird thing to do, and it's well within a site owner's prerogative to block that nonsense. I think the main reason they've gone down the route they have is a lack of competition to keep them honest. Microsoft tried with Bing, but it was too little and much too late. DDG has helped a bit even if it's mostly rebranded Bing-data, but we're still far away from having a healthy search ecosystem. Allow me to doubt that you have deep insight into the motivations of thousands of people that have all selected MongoDB for their projects. This seems unlikely for several reasons, if nothing else because of Dunbar's number. If you don't understand their motivations, how can you claim to know their motivations? Ironing out edge cases on my search engine and trying to eke out more results. "Latin" shouldn't return results about Latin America, etc. I wish I had more time to read and study languages. I had relatively little issues with this on Debian on my HP Spectre x360 (2019 model I think) Relevant excerpt from my install log > Setting global scale to 200-250% in KDE 5 and upping a few fonts seems to fix virtually all HiDPI-issues, except for SDDM and the console framebuffer. You may also want to resize the start bar size, but that is personal preference. > For SDDM: > Put in /etc/sddm.conf.d/kde_settings.conf [X11] ServerArguments=-dpi 240 EnableHiDPI=true Are black swans in general? > Move to a small mail provider and hope they don't go under (and you lose your x year old email address associated with tons of stuff) or have security issues because they didn't/couldn't afford the expertise. You can also just use an email client that downloads the emails you get, and then point your MX-records to another provider if and when your provider goes belly up. That doesn't really help if crypto is also consuming the renewable energy it "helps" build-out. The problem isn't that the relative proportion of renewable energy is too low, but that the consumption of non-renewable energy is too high. It doesn't matter if renewables make up 10% or 90% if that number doesn't mean a large reduction in the consumption of fossile fuels. I do think there is an ambition to be pedestrian- and bicycle-friendly, but at the same time it seems very appealing to build sprawling American-style suburbs with big-metal-box-style commercial districts that are only accessible by car. In smaller cities, you often have the same people setting lofty ambitions to become the bicycle capital of united federation of planets while at the same time greenlighting yet another massive mall at the edge of town because "oh my god $BIG_CHAIN_STORE wants to come here, we're gonna be like a big city now!", usually at the expense of the stores that are accessible by foot or by bicycle. Bots are one of those things that are easy to build and hard to get right, and there's really no way of preparing for the chaotic reality of real web pages other than fixing the problems as they show up. Weird and unexpected interactions are going to happen. Crawling the real web involves navigating a fractal of unexpected, undocumented and non-standard corner cases. Nobody gets that right on the first try. Because of that I do think we need to be a bit patient with bots. At the same time, even as someone who runs a web crawler, I have zero qualms about blocking misbehaving bots. The word SERP feels like a bit of a shibboleth for SEO-people. They seem to take it for granted, the rest of the world just looks puzzled when they hear it. There are still snags with that. Stuff like redirect resolution is very easy to overlook. You may think you're fetching 1 URL per second, but if you are using the wrong tool and you're on a server that has you bouncing around like in a pinball machine and takes you through a dozen redirects for every request, the reality may be closer to 10 requests per second. On top of that, sometimes the same server has multiple domains. Sometimes the same IP-address serves a large number of servers (maybe it's a CDN). Every developer that does not know about it will eventually come to discover Amdahl's Law on their own. Most pages have at least a http->https redirect, many contain a lot of old links to http content. Usually it's error pages that really drive the large redirect chains. They often have a vibe of like some forgotten stopgap put in place to help with some migration to a version of the site that is no longer in existence. Of course you don't know it's an error page until you reach the end of the redirect chain. In the buzzword industry, the goal is typically finding a problem for the solution you're hyping, rather than finding a solution to your problem like how the rest of the world typically operates. Epictetus, freedman roman Stoic philosopher seems as a whole have an attitude of like "what of it, it's not like you're free from obligations even as senator or the caesar". As a slave, you are free from all concerns and worries beyond fulfilling your duties. Discourses 4.1 is perhaps the most direct example of this. I'm not really passing judgement on Epictetus, merely relaying his position, as someone with a far more personal understanding of roman slavery than anyone discussing it 2000 post fact. Difficult to explain to the man how he ought to feel about events in his life we have only a sketch of an idea about. Within the framework of Stoicism, where worrying is one of the greatest evils, his argument makes every sense. It did about a lot of the heavy lifting in my master's thesis, not gonna lie. I think you need to define discrimination before can argue convincingly either way. The broad definition of the word discriminate is just treating different people or things differently, the antonym being indiscriminate (making no difference between people or things). But you seem to be using some other definition. I think it's a very big problem when learning things that almost everything can be made to sound plausible when you don't have real world experience to compare them to. It's also very easy for those plausible-sounding ideas to stick around for so long in your mind that you sort of start taking them for granted, and we tend to be really bad at scrutinizing those things we take for granted. It's only much later, when it just isn't working, and you're relutantly forced to come face to face with the difficult fact that some of the things you thought you knew really well were just some loudmouth opinion on the internet. Worked really well before IPv6 was a thing. The hitch with relational databases is that you need to know what you are doing. This is mostly true for programming in general and a big reason why a lot of software isn't much faster today than it was in 1995, even though processors are many orders of magnitude faster. It's much more visible with relational databases, as they tend to accumulate so much data that bad solutions immediately break. In this case, I don't think the 3NF-solution they came up with was necessary, it typically ends up requiring really complicated transactions and in some cases it may even be slower because of cache thrashing. What they really needed was to index their table. You can index strings, that's fine. It's reasonably fast, like even with a hundred million rows it's doable. "But why doesn't the database build indices automatically?", I hear someone about to type, it's because indices make inserts slower and require more memory. In many cases auto-indexing would probably help, but it would break a lot of use-cases too. I've built https://search.marginalia.nu/ from scratch, as a solo hobby project. It's literally just a computer in my living room. Hardware investment is about $3-4k as a one-time cost and then I estimate I'll need a 1 Tb SSD per every couple of years as the server does kind of chew through them with great appetite. My monthly operational costs are $15 in power, and $20 for cloudflare because I kept getting DDoS:ed by botnets. As for development time, dunno, I've been working on it in my spare time since this spring some time, generously estimated 30h/week x 30 weeks, so the upper bound may be 900 hours, but probably closer to something like 600 hours as I have other projects as well, and I'm not always feeling it. I don't think off the shelf search solutions or databases are viable, they are too flexible which means they can't be fast and space-efficient enough to keep cost down. They're meant to run in a data center, not on a single computer. That means your operational costs will be prohibitive. It's required a lot of old-fashioned wizardry to build though, bit-twiddling and demoscene-esque hacks to coax a lot of data into a minimal amount of space, the type of microoptimization stuff that usually is a waste of time except the data set is so large that saving single bytes in object encoding often translates to saving multiple gigabytes. If you aren't at least fairly comfortable with building custom compression algorithms, memory mapped hash tables, things like that, it's gonna be a rough project. If I didn't have a background in low level programming, this would have been nearly impossible. Beyond that, most of this stuff you can pick up along the way. I didn't really know shit about building search engines before I started. I just threw together a design that made sense and built... something, and iterated upon that. With every iteration it's gotten faster, smaller, better, smarter. I think the upcoming release is gonna be yet another huge improvement. > Honestly though the big issue is crawling. Not only is it a bandwidth monster many sites are hostile to non google bots, along with cdn’s and cloudflare. I do my own crawling and don't agree with any of these statements. Bandwidth is not a bottleneck, and blocking is mostly only a problem if your bot is too aggressive. Most databases offer some sort of optimization tooling, not all of it automatic. You just gotta know it's there. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=29137141 It's about the incentive for the search engine to manipulate the ranking. If the search engine does not make money off ads, then there is no incentive to promote profitable results. Fundamentally, there is a conflict of interest between the interest of the search engine, and the interest of the user. The search engine wants to show the results that generate money, which may or may not be the same results that are the most beneficial for the visitor. Rage unfailingly makes you a pawn in someone else's game. You should always be wary of anyone telling you that you need to be angry. The Stoics inherited the Cynics attitude that death isn't an evil. If worse comes to worst, you can always just fall on your sword. They used to say that the door is always open. Marcus Cato weaponized this fact to rob Julius Caesar of complete victory: Caesar couldn't demand his submission if he fell on his sword first. They found him and patched him up. But he ripped out the stitches and disemboweled himself with his bare hands. I've been doing a hybrid approach for a hypertext system I built. All documents have a canonical position in a filesystem, but are arbitrarily "taggable". Tags themselves are also files, but the property of "having a tag" is encoded as one file linking to another. The only difference between a tag and say an article is that the tags are in a different directory (not that they need to be, but it makes it easier to parse as a human). All documents automatically list internal backreferences, which means the tag files become useful for navigation. That doesn't seem to be happening. Everyone complains about Google's bad results, nobody is flocking anywhere else. No, file it with ycombinator. Say you've found a private key accessible from their web server. To be fair, you shouldn't. Science isn't doctrinal. It's not something you or anyone should take on faith. Skepticism exists at the very core of science, the basic posture in any scientific endeavor is "I don't know". If you can't read a scientific paper because you don't understand it, or because it's behind a paywall, then your conclusion shouldn't be one of "well I guess it's correct because important people say so", but "I don't know." Some people don't understand skepticism, and get muddled up in Occam's razor or something (which is just modus tollens of the similarly dubious "where there's smoke, there's fire"; a good starting point perhaps, but nothing to draw conclusions from), and they think that if they can't prove something, it must be false. That's not correct either. If you there is no proof, it could be either way. We're in this bizarre zeitgeist where everyone is telling you to listen to science because it's all true, but for the love of god, don't engage in any sort of scientific inquiry yourself, who knows what heterodoxy you might arrive at. The coffee machine at work has a bunch of advertisement stuck on it, how the coffee has been fine-tuned by experts and tested by scientists to be the optimal coffee experience. Like what the heck, am I not a better judge of whether I like the coffee than a bunch of scientists? I've done something like this, dunno, may have been around 2000. We shouldn't be too hard on these new search engines. My search engine spent a fairly long time returning comically irrelevant search results. Building a search engine is easy enough. Getting it to return good results is the 10% of the work that takes 90% of the time. Congratulations. I like the layout. Although the page loads extremely slowly, I'm on a modern Ryzen 3, on a 100 mbit connection and my computer is really struggling to load the page. Like it takes nearly 5 seconds and I can't imagine what is taking so long to present the search bar with no search results. I think there's quite a lot of ways you can change both #1 and #2. #1: Search engines are cheap enough to operate that you can run them non-profit, for community benefit. The "customer" can be the public good. #2: Even sticking to the free web, depending on how you adjust the ranking algorithms can significantly impair the effectiveness of SEO. Being able to perceive BOM markers is tantamount to a superpower in programming. > 2. When I am saying what I really feel, I get a different discomfort. I feel this blushing cringe, like I accidentally posted private poetry meant for a lover to my Facebook feed. I am being vulnerable and exposing myself to attack. My sense of self-protection tells me I'm taking a risk. You can just write but not publish: A historically popular choice in times when expressing yourself too clearly was worse for your longevity than smoking. Another option is to be so cryptic nobody knows quite what you mean (looking at you, German 18th-19th century philosophers) Or write and publish under a pseudonym. Good enough for Voltaire is good enough for anyone. These proto-memes were probably independently "invented" on a lot of different forums. There was a much bigger emphasis on making content yourself back before content aggregators, which meant there was a lot of innovation going on in a lot of places. They'd sort of trickle through the internet through some sort of weird back-channel osmosis and merge and intermingle to create new formats. I think almost anyone who spent a decent amount of time in forums aimed toward adolescents around 2000 will have had some small impact on the emerging meme format. For some reason, the hotel business seems pretty shady. My sense from crawling the web is that it's one of the areas that have the most blackhat SEO as well. Straight up linkfarms. This is sheer speculation, but I do think the hotel business is really convenient to get into if you have a questionable side-business and need to launder money. Who is to say if a room was occupied or not that night, if that foreigner who paid in cash really existed. Can pretty much just trickle money into the books. I imagine you could also run contraband out of them fairly easily. Lots of people coming and going with all sorts of luggage. Who is to say if they are as full when they leave as they were when they arrived? Great for prostitution too, trafficking. The girls can tidy up the rooms during the day. There's a lot of potential here. I'm thinking a slow burning Breaking Bad set up that sells itself as a light hearted Fawlty Towers-type show about a wide eyed Monopoly enthusiast fulfilling his dream, but with every season it gets darker and grittier and ends as a tangled web of international crime and corruption. Everything spirals out of control. The hotel is hosting a big conference and the minister of whatever is holding a keynote speech and the hotel is full of press, meanwhile the johannesburg arms dealers killed a prostitute that turned out to be an undercover cop and the body is still in their room, also there's a call from some really angry russian loan sharks, they're coming for their fucking money right now. Not with that attitude. One of the few genres of YouTube videos I can stand is "old man dismantles electronics". It's a very peaceful and educational genre. Here are some channels I like: https://www.youtube.com/c/Techmoan https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtM5z2gkrGRuWd0JQMx76qA The latter channel is perhaps not great for children because of his somewhat relaxed attitude toward mains voltage, but it's great for me. I wonder if code to this effect has ever been written before for (int i = 1; i Got to tweak HIMEM.SYS before the slumbering one can be awakened. I do think it's a bit of a red flag. Sort of like how most anti-tracking browser extensions eventually turn out to actually be tracking extensions. Or like how used car dealers that have a name like "honest bob's cheap luxury cars" often turn out to neither be honest, cheap nor luxurious. It's currently undergoing its monthly maintenance just FYI. It's up and technically working, but with a drastically reduced index size. You should be getting fewer .txt-results in the new update, a part of the problem was that keyword extraction for plain text was kind of not working as intended, so they'd usually crop up as false positives toward the end of any search page. I'm hoping that will work better once the upgrade is finished. I do think you are mostly correct. Some people really care about privacy, but for most people it isn't a huge concern. This doesn't make it any less important, but just means that if your main selling point is "we're the search engine that cares about privacy", then odds are you're not going to get a lot of users. It's funny because I got like 70% HTTP in my index, so the whole "90% of the web is encrypted" seems to depend on which sample you are looking at. Google doesn't index HTTP at all, so that's not a good place to go looking for what's the most popular. That's in fact half the reason why I built this search engine in the first place, because they demand things of websites that some websites simply can't or wont comply with. A lot of servers still use HTTP, for various reasons. There are also some clients that can't use HTTPS. The list of browser extensions that in some form has backpedaled from their central premise and main function, the list is pretty long. Ghostery, Adblock, AdblockPlus, ... Absolute numbers are pretty hard to define, as is the size of the Internet. If the same server has two domains associated with it, does it count twice? Now consider a loadbalancer that points to virtual servers on the same machine. How about subdomains? Frustrated with the limitations of what was available, I did just that. Turns out they are cheap to build and operate, and and an endless font of interesting engineering challenges. Assuming you can't or don't want to use something like Lucene or Solr (which are quite resource hungry), here's how to build a search engine. It's takes a diverse mix of computer science and low level programming to get working, but nothing is exorbitantly difficult. One side of the problem is to extract keywords from the documents, probably a good idea to start with something along the lines of OpenNLP and use that for TextRank. Well that's roughly what I'm doing now anyway, after having tried a few other approaches. It depends a bit on the nature of the documents I guess. Proper NLP is slow, but dumb TF-IDF goes a long way. (just google these things and you'll figure it out). If you want full text search, you'll probably want to look into constructing a suffix tree as well. Or just fake it using N-grams, but you absolutely need some rules limiting which N-grams are valid search terms, or their numbers grow astronomically. POS-tagging is useful here if you can afford it. As for the index: First you need a component that maps keywords to integers. This only needs to be one way, I use a custom memory mapped hashtable, but depending on how much data you've got, there are probably easier alternatives. Next you need to set up a reverse index that maps words-id to document-id. Again, this is a bunch of memory mapped binary data, I use a mix of hash tables and sorted arrays for binary searches. That's sort of it. Then you draw the rest of the owl. In the context it was written, it was pretty good advice. Maybe a bit too far on some points, but it was a solid step in a good direction. This caused the book to be praised. But we tend to elevate praised books well beyond what's reasonable, dogmatically follow their advice even when they cause problems, and recommend them even though they're responses to a discussion that nobody has been having for 15 years. Same with Gang of Four and a bunch of other books. If you are working with sensitive information, the last thing you probably want to do is broadcast that you are working with sensitive information. They are very much equivalent. You can express complex numbers with a 2x2 matrix of real numbers. R = 1 0 0 1 I = 0 1 -1 0 I and R form a basis that spans something that behaves like a complex plane. You have the expected identities R^2 = R IR = I I^2 = -R I^3 = -I I^4 = R Transposition is complex conjugate. You can put them into exponentials, e^Ix = cos(x) + I sin(x); everything works as you would expect. Honestly not as much as you would think. I'm running off (beefy) consumer grade hardware. Granted, I have designed it with space efficiency in mind. I just put my email discretely in the about section of my website, asking people to reach out if they have feedback. I get a few emails a week from people with ideas and opinions. Turns out that works pretty well. Nuclear Fusion has been 20 years away for 70 years. We had electric cars 130 years ago. Electric cars have always been doable, they've just been more expensive than fossile fuel alternative which is ostensibly free energy. The situations are not at all comparable. Nuclear Fusion has still barely been demonstrated as a proof-of-concept. I don't know. A lot of people are attempting to use Sweden as some sort of political blunt force instrument to drive home some point, seems to be used to argue both the horrors of lockdowns and the horrors of not locking down. In terms of saving lives, it clearly wasn't the best strategy. In terms of securing a reasonable standard of living, keeping the economy going, keeping mental health effects limited, it was reasonably measured. Bodies weren't piling up in the streets. In my wider circle of acquaintances, I know of exactly two people who got sick during the pandemic. Maybe a few more did but didn't tell anyone, but it wasn't anywhere near the apocalyptic tales you see on the Internet, especially from people who haven't even been to the country. It's pretty hard to draw conclusions from looking at the GDP, since the global economy is so entangled (and the Swedish economy is fairly exports-based). The dithered example is a bit disingenuous, since it coaxes the picture into a palette that is clearly not suitable, causing an egregious amount of artifacting. I don't know what's going on with their dithered image sample: https://3otebq2knmnf3smsj0374a9u-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-... This is the same dithered image with a sane 16 color palette: https://www.marginalia.nu/color-simple_500-better-palette.pn... Further, human eyes are kind of bad at blue colors, so whatever compression artifacts you get with JPEG or WebP is going to be really hard to detect. (The blue channel is typically compressed much harder by many algorithms because of this). Dithering is fairly expensive operation. Please don't do it client-side each time a resource is fetched. Mass isn't great either, due to scaling laws. Physics simply behaves differently at different scales. An ant can lift a hundred times its body weight, but if you scale it up to human size it collapses under its own weight and immediately dies. You can drop an injection moulded plastic toy car a hundred times its height into the ground and it won't even dent. If you make a car frame out of the same materials and with the same techniques it will likely fall apart before it's off the conveyor belt. If you make a scale model of a planetary, you'll struggle getting it to start spinning around its center of mass through gravitational forces. It's really saddening how common these dark patterns are becoming, it feels like you have to play some sort of intricate chess match to configure your software these days. [] Turn off annoying setting [x] I want to re-enable the setting after closing this dialog Additional settings: [] Really disable annoying setting Advanced: [x] Re-enable annoying setting after restarting the application Contrarian settings: [x] Ignore the above checkboxes if they disable the setting Other settings: [x] If by "disable", you mean "enable", then yes. Fill out your email address here and our team will contact you with information about how to disable the setting: [ ] The thing I get on Windows that seems rarer (although not unheard of) in Linux software is that sense that I'm fighting for control over the computer with some scooby-doo villain that has deliberately constructed an intricate obstacle course that is intended to annoy me into accepting other settings than I want. "See, Mr Bond, after you kept postponing the updates and we replaced all the shut down and reboot buttons with install updates buttons, that just was a ruse. A ruse to get you to do a hard power-off, and you fell for it. Now you have no choice to sit back as we install the updates and forcibly pair your local account with your Microsoft account the next time you start your computer!" Compressing, perhaps. But decompressing? Not really. Maybe if all else is equal, but let's not forget you'd be doing the dithering in javascript, and the JPEG decompression is implemented in a low level language, in practice probably hand written assembly (as performance-critical compression code often is). An exponential increase would make space travel impossible in a fairly short time. Technical frills are nice and all, but I wish some effort would be put into degrading gracefully. It's impossible to print this paper, for example. The rationale is likely reminiscent of that motivating the outsourcing craze from 15 years ago. When all you care about is the next quarterly report, it's real easy to sell the idea of getting rid of all that expensive technical competence from the company payroll, letting someone else know that stuff instead, then hire some a team of cheap oompa loompas straight outta college to spend all day writing -X-M-L- YAML instead. Technical papers are fairly often printed. It's not a leisure read that you skim through once for the entertainment. You typically need to make margin notes and cross reference other papers a fair bit to actually get any value out of them. Honestly that sounds more like social anxiety than introversion. If so, that's treatable. Like it's not a matter of taking a pill and it goes away, it takes some work and time, but if it is an obstacle for leading a happy life, you definitely should consider talking to a therapist sooner rather than later. I would say most technical literature. Sure there are rare unicorns like Richard Feynman who manage to be geniuses in both communication and science, but even in those cases you need to read carefully and repeatedly to make the most of the text. If anything, it's a danger that you stop paying attention because it's so superficially readable. As a bit of a tangent. I've been a bit of an apologist. I thought maybe people just took clean code a bit too far, that people were being too dogmatic about what was basically sound advice. Then I found Uncle Bob's old website the other night and I can no longer deny he's had a finger in this. > _Anything not testable is useless._ > Here's the thing. If you can't test it, you don't know that it works. If you don't know that it works, then it's useless. If you have a requirement and cannot prove that you have met it, then it is not a requirement. - http://www.butunclebob.com/ArticleS.UncleBob.AgilePeopleStil... If these are the vibes you're putting out, your followers are going to be zealots. They're going to be frothing at the mouth whenever someone proposes alternative paradigms. You know, they sent people to the moon using software written before the unit test paradigm. What I really wanted to say is that there is more than one way of knowing whether code works. Unit testing is one paradigm. Just because Uncle Bob, seller of unit testing software and TDD-books will hear of no other doesn't mean that this is the One True Way. We don't need git hosting at all. Git can be served off any computer with SSH access. You serve git off a raspberry pi. Github, gitlab, etc is just an overgrowth. Point is neither is even close to necessary using git. Git isn't a web application. It's a version control system. Yeah, and my point is that it's mostly superfluous. I tried to delete my Spotify account (in Sweden). Not just cancel, but delete because they inexplicably put my profile on the Internet in full display and I was not even a little bit okay with that. I think 7 different "yes I'm really sure, yes despite the sad violin music and yes despite the images of sad puppies", a support ticket, several emails going back and forth confirming I'm really sure, and then a few more forms assuring I'm absolutely sure I want to do this. I don't... know what they think they are accomplishing with this obstacle course. If anything this nonsense makes me want to remove the account even more. If it was just a button I might have come back later, but they can rest assured they will never see me again after that nonsense. If that means listening to gramophones for the rest of my life, so be it. How are you both getting buffer overflows and bounds check failures in the same code? Anyway, these are problems that arise if you don't test the code. In that scenario, regexps are an endless source of unexpected behavior as well, including in some implementations stack overflows and ReDoS attack-surfaces. Regexps are fairly terse and replace a lot of code, compared to most languages they probably have an information density at somewhere between 10x-100x higher (i.e. it's not rare to replace 100 lines of code with 1 regex), so I think it's fair to expect it take longer to unpack their meaning. See, if they hadn't had such an annoying deletion process, I might have come back after learning that. But I won't. I will never. I think a lot of businesses greatly overvalue behavioral economics as a means to control people. Nudging doesn't seem to work nearly as well as it's "supposed" to when implemented in real world scenarios. Heck, even in a laboratory setting the effects are honestly pretty sketchy. And that doesn't even factor in disgruntled ex-customers going around telling everyone they meet about their experiences. That's not how averages work. No, it is not. 68.2% of the population is in the average span of 85-115 IQ. 15.9% is in the below-average span of 0-85. Spotify is a Swedish company. Many European languages are interlinked like that. I found learning a bit of Latin on top of my passable English and my native Swedish opened up romance languages to a honestly pretty crazy degree. Knowing the simple glue-words like demonstratives, pronouns and interrogatives means I can get the gist of it in a way I couldn't before. In a strange way looking at these languages feels like looking like the close relatives of my native Swedish does (i.e. Norwegian and Danish). It's different, but in many cases I have so many of the basic pieces the rest can be inferred from context with reasonable accuracy. I also am quite strongly against comment fields. The comment field medium isn't particularly conducive to meaningful and interesting conversations, which is ultimately what I want to promote if I put something on the Internet. At best you get posturing. Emails (or blog posts) require more thought to be put into what's written, and they also even the playing field. It feels a lot more like a conversation compared to the blogger-commenter relation. What do you mean when you say free? I think what we've lost on the modern Internet from forums is a stable-ish social order. You knew people in a different way, remembered names and faces, understood personalities and attitudes. Some came and went but for the most part, there was some sort of community with social hierarchy and structure, agreed-upon values. I think losing that is a large part of why Internet discussion has kind of turned to shit. Lacking real belonging, people create ephemeral tribes out of their perceived identity instead. You can still do that in any society. Even though it's illegal, you can run a red light or cheat on your taxes. The notion that you somehow can't is just mauvaise foi. Of course you can. You're choosing not to. Seems like you are describing freedom from consequences, not the ability to make choices, because that's available now and to the barbarian. I'm not sure which society has no consequences. HN sort of straddles old forums and new social media. I think a large part of what made people so recognizable was avatars and signatures. It's a bit of a shame they went away. If you plunge a sword into your chest, you also can't make choices later on. Does that mean it's impossible to choose to plunge a sword into your chest? I'm arguing against the particular definition of freedom given, not against freedom itself. Aww come on, I don't want you to agree with me, I want us to have an interesting discussion about what freedom is and ultimately why we want it. It's worth while, trust me. An action has an undesirable consequence, does this mean it is impossible to perform? The question isn't whether we are free under all circumstances, but whether we are free now. Yes, this is indeed my point. It's the authors we disagree with we should read the most enthusiastically, because they may just provide an insight into what it is to have different opinions, and we may just be forced to admit they have a point. When we read authors too close to home that say things we already think are true and share our views, we'll let almost any nonsense argument slip by. That's a waste of time if I ever saw one. > "Stable-ish social order" is a byword for homogeneity, isn't it? I mean you talked to the same people over time, rather than, like most social media today, new people every time. You recognized people, and those people had social relationships with other members. There was a reasonable mixture of backgrounds and genders, but people didn't seem to make as big of a deal about it. I do think the reason it appears very important today is because it can help form some semblance of cohesion and structure in social media that really doesn't cater to that sort of thing. Well that's sort of the thing too, forums grew slowly. This is why they were able to have stable communities. A rapid through-flux of people is extremely destabilizing, and arguably a large part of why there are so few stable communities on the Internet today. Ok, let's agree that the proposition we are discussing is this: * Freedom is the limitation of choice. My counter-argument is this: Limitations on choice through potential consequences are ultimately self-imposed. To have any effect, they require me to refuse to consider the possibility of the alternative. To the extent they limit my action, it is through my choice, possibly implicit, to let them limit my actions. The option of making the choice never goes away no matter how grievous the potential consequence. Since this is in a discussion around a post by Snowden, we can take him as an example. He did something that, according to this theory of freedom, is impossible. He wasn't free to do it, his choice was limited by potential punishment. Yet he did, the possibility of making the supposedly impossible choice was still there. Consider a hypothetical man who has lived isolated indoors all life playing video games, never gone to school, never watched TV, nobody told him about any consequences. One day at the age of 25 he finally discovers a door to the outside and goes through and thinks "oh man, this is like GTA!" and goes around punching the elderly, stealing things, breaking all manner of laws as he has been taught is how you get points. Eventually the strange man is caught and sent to prison, but until that point, was he more free than we are? He was subject to the same laws and social consequences as we are, but they weren't able to limit his choices because of his ignorance. Clearly it can't be the laws themselves that limit choices if this is the case. It appears to me there is something strange about the given definition of freedom. It lends itself to producing paradoxes, where people who aren't free are capable of being simultaneously free, and the same sources of limitation successfully limit some people but not others based on what attitude they have toward them. This type of contradiction usually means a definition is incomplete. Indeed, it seems the first struggle should be to develop the ability to do the things we think are correct before even considering that the most correct thing is. If you sit around developing elaborate ethical systems as to how to act in every situation, but fail to live that system, then it's ultimately a pointless waste of time. It's better to a decent guy all the time than a hypothetical saint acting like a practical asshole. Maybe exercise some humility instead of jumping to the conclusion that you are right and they are wrong? I'd take the opportunity to seek to understand how someone living in the same world as you, with access to the same facts, and the same mental faculties, how such a person has come to a different conclusion about what does harm. If we are to investigate whether freedom is desirable, don't we owe it to ourselves to find out what freedom is first, find out if we are free, if we even can be free? Otherwise we can debate in circles about different meanings of the word and ultimately get nowhere. I don't think the poetic appeal of the definition is useful if the definition itself lends itself to contradictions. Regardless of whether you serve them through the same search box, from a practical standpoint, I think you'd want basically a separate back-end for each language. Stuff like relative term importance, word extraction, ranking, they all benefit from being kept separately. Occam's razor is just the inverse of "where's smoke there's fire". It's really not saying much. It's also a branch of pickup artist pseudoscience. I think there are degrees of this. On the one hand, it's unreasonable to expect that you will have thousands of visitors every day to your blog. Some may get that, but most never will. On the other hand, it's nice to get visitors that can pass the Voight-Kampff test. Googlebot, Bingbot, Yandexbot and that lot are cool and all, but it's somewhat discouraging when they are your only readership. I get writing for yourself is a thing, but then you might as well not put it online. The greatest part of the blogosphere is the exchange of ideas, the dialogue. There is a serious discoverability problem in personal websites in general. Search engines and algorithmic content aggregators are part of the problem, but I think an understated part is that we've stopped linking to other websites. It's like people think they need to trap the visitor on their site by having no exits and only promoting their own stuff. Feeling trapped is not a good feeling. What is a good feeling is discovering something cool, the experience of exploration feels good. We should treat our visitors to that. Blog rolls, link lists, whatever you want to call it, they help your readers find more cool websites. That helps the blogosphere/indieweb/personal website-space in general. It also helps search engines find those websites and understand their importance better. Linking is free, it's not a marriage proposal either. You can just link to something that you liked, because you liked it. Sitting in a ring and pointing fingers is ultimately extremely toxic and counterproductive. The consumers can blame the producer supply, the producers can blame the consumer demand, the politicians can blame the the voters, the voters can blame the politicians. Just where is that getting us? How is this search for who is most to blame going to do anything to help solve the problem? Seems like it's a tactic for avoiding the very real truth that each and everyone needs to do something, what needs to be done doesn't care about what is fair or what is convenient. The reason assigning blame to someone else seems to work is that we are all to blame. Almost whoever you point to, you are almost certainly correct: They are to blame. But so are you. Productive change always starts with individuals making changes to themselves. We are all humans. The consumers are humans. The producers are humans. The politicians are humans. The voters are humans. It is humans that need to act. Social media-reality and outside-your-window reality will finally diverge so much people will begin to notice. It's not like it has remained stable all those years. It changed pretty significantly with the donation of constantine, and more recently, the second vatican council made some pretty big changes. Opinions can be had about whether that was a long overdue overhaul, or the church succumbing to the heretical evils of modernity, what can't be denied is that they were pretty significant. Lonely Software Engineers can chat with recruiters on LinkedIn instead. They have such sweet things to whisper in your ear. Sucks that Windows forcibly pairs your local account and Microsoft account every once in a while with no opt-out. > At least until they stop allowing that for products you're already using, which will probably be tomorrow, if it hasn't already happened. I've been forced to enter a Microsoft account to log in to my computer after an update. No thought toward the possibility that I may need to use the computer I'm in front of to reset the password to that account. No Microsoft account, no getting past that screen. I had to boot into Linux to reset my microsoft account so I could log into windows. I don't even. It does have a way to enter data. It's only a single line. It's intended specifically for searching, rather than data-entry. The 3 body problem is not a problem for numerical approaches at all, well it's not more difficult than the 2 body problem. The difficulty is finding a closed form analytical solution. If this wasn't about power, they wouldn't be airing their dirty laundry in public. The only reason you do that is because you're hoping to stir up some sort of shitstorm to (threaten to) damage the public perception of the project. It's juvenile he-said-she-said behavior that's barely above storming to your bedroom shouting "screw you, mom!" and slamming the door so hard a few shingles fall off the roof. Of course what you inevitably get isn't an internet shitstorm at all, but a bunch of rubberneckers gleefully gawking at the high school drama publicly unfolding in your organization. Yeah. There are serious epistemological problems to go with externalized knowledge. Knowledge isn't just the ability to produce true statements, it isn't knowing what things are or what things will be, it's knowing why things are and why things will be. If I keep guessing coinflips, I don't have knowledge of the answer 50% of the time even though I can predict them that often. Knowledge has an aspect of understanding why things are, not just that they are, and that aspect becomes incredibly weak with the "look up facts on wikipedia"-model of external knowledge. The JTB-model of knowledge is probably incomplete, but it's arguably less wrong than a model that doesn't contain justification. Well the JTB was the standing model for some 2300 years, so even though there are a few corner cases it doesn't quite cover (Gettier etc), those are corner cases indeed. It doesn't invalidate JTB any more than Einstein invalidated Newtonian physics. The question is what we mean when we say knowledge. I don't think modelling is a good way of answering that question. Of course there is going to be a connection between perception and knowledge, how else would the knowledge enter us? But David Hume could have told you that. There is a point where we do not have knowledge, let's say when we are born, then we have perceptions, and after that we (may) have knowledge about the world. I will say that knowledge has entered us through perceptions. If something is not in my mind, I have a perception, then it is in my mind; and if I was unable to have perceptions it could not have entered my mind, then it has entered through that perception. All physical phenomena are to some extent emergent down to subatomic particles and possibly even further. It doesn't really have much of an effect on the subjective human experience which principle is more emergent, and the subjective human experience is the only human experience. It's very hard to teach someone who has no relationship with the world, but you don't need a large set of concepts to synthesize additional concepts. You can derive most of mathematics from a few simple axioms. Democritus concluded the world was made of atoms based on observations about how the world appeared to work, on encountering problems like Zeno's paradox. Knowledge, as well as language, is all about how things relate to each other. Words to meanings, causes to effects. I think how you learned to code does sort of shape your coding. I'm very much from the opposite camp. I learned to code in C in vi and didn't really have anyone to ask other than the manpages and the K&R book, I'm pretty sure I didn't even use syntax highlighting. I do think this has shaped my programming even later to where I stubbornly stick to boring but stable programming languages like C, C++ and Java, and these languages I've used for in some cases almost 25 years and where I virtually never have to look anything up. It's not like I haven't dabbled in other languages and paradigms, like python and haskell and whatever; but it's not those languages I use when I need to build something. I just don't see the value in constantly learning all this flavor-of-the-month stuff. When the dust settles, most hyped upcoming programming languages become footnotes when the history of programming is written. That is how it is commonly taught, but can it really be argued it's the only way it can be taught? Regardless which method is easier, why is it possible to interact with negative, irrational, or complex numbers without anyone having ever seen them, but not integers? There of course needs to be a common set of ideas to communicate, but I'm not convinced you need one particular set. In many cases, having some of the ideas means you can synthesize the rest. You could for example reason about numbers by drawing upon size rather than quantity. Then you basically end up with the Euclidean method, a mathematics of proportion that goes a surprisingly long way. You can reason about the same reality in various different terms, and the choice in terms shapes how you see the world. I don't think it's easy to argue that one concept is the true concept from which all concepts inevitably derive. You can just as easily think of things as parts of a whole as objects in an emptiness. In some languages the name for door is the same as the name for mouth, and a door is a bit like a mouth so it makes sense to relate them. All language is metaphorical like that, except not always as explicitly. When we say a thing is an object, we say that our concept of that thing shares similarities to the concept we have for objects. I find this pattern pretty useful when you have a lot of small utility programs and don't want to litter the code 36 different main classes. Like it's a frickin bizarre pattern, but it's undeniably pretty tidy. enum ToolLauncherMain { convertTheThing(this::doFoo, "Convert the bin to the dat"), sendSomeMessage(this::doBar, "Pass a message to the stuff-doer"), help(this::printHelp, "Print this message"); private final Consumer runner; private String description; public UtilRunner(Consumer r, String desc) { runner = r; description = desc; } public static void main(String... args) { try { valueOf(args.length == 0 ? "help" : args[0]).runner.apply(args); } catch (IllegalArgumentException ex) { printHelp(); } } private void printHelp() { for (var value : values()) { System.out.printf("%s - %s\n", value, value.description); } } // ... } Oh yeah, I wouldn't code without an IDE today. But I do think learning to code without one, without even syntax highlighting, and especially given the extremely obtuse error messages compilers gave back then has given me a pretty useful skill set that is hard to acquire with all those tools. I don't really know what the take-away is. This isn't a fast way to learn to program, or an easy way, and I'm not even sure I'd recommend anyone learn this way, but I also can't deny it's brought some very tangible benefits. This is a bit of a tangent, but you can get into situations where Java's memory-overhead becomes pretty untenable. I was in a situation of having to keep track of ~1 billion short strings of a median length of maybe 7 characters. In terms of just data, that should clock in at about 10 Gb; in practice it was closer to 24 Gb. I tried going with just byte[]-instances instead, which didn't help a lot. Using long byte[]-instances and indexing those doesn't help as much as you'd think because they get sliced up into small objects behind the scenes. I ended up memory mapping blocks of memory and basically implementing my own append-only allocator. Using an IDE kind of handicaps you to only working with your IDE though. The shell works everywhere for every use case. I think what we really need is one regex format. You have POSIX, PCRE, and also various degrees of needing to double-escape the slashes to get past whatever language you're using the regex in. Always adds a large element of guesswork even when you are familiar with regular expressions. These are the types of stuff you typically run on the fly in the command line, not full blown scripts you intended to be reused and shared. Here's a few examples from my command history: for ((i=0;i Hell if I know what they do now, they made sense when I ran them. If I need them again, I'll type them up again. Huh, I didn't really have a problem solving the problem as it came up. Like many scaling problems, it wasn't a problem until it was. Then I fixed it. Now I have a solution that can deal with ten times as many strings as before. If I grow out of that one, I'll come up with a better design. I could have gotten 10 times as much hardware instead, but that would be an incredible waste of money compared to just spending a few days writing more hardware-efficient code. It's a lot easier to build custom allocators in C++ though. For one, Java has a maximum mmap-size of 2 Gb, and as a cherry on top of that turd, you have no control over their lifecycle. The language is very clearly not designed for this type of work, and if you try to make it do it anyway, it fights you every step of the way. WSL2? For sure, but for the convenience of being able to use bash commands on Windows it's well worth it. While you can read the republic as a political discussion, and I won't blame you if you do that given how piecemeal antique philosophers are often taught in contemporary academia, but in context it really is more of a discussion about the nature of justice, rather than a political manual. That is what he is trying to do, explore a just society would look like, and through it, trying to find the nature of justice. That is actually still a fairly interesting discussion. Justice is very much part of the zeitgeist, but how many actually stop to ask what that even means? What does it mean for a society to be just, for a person to be just? If we can't produce an answer to those questions, how are we ever going to produce justice, or be just? Plato's critique of democracy isn't something we should reject on the account that it's a critique of democracy. He makes a few good points, it's not some intellectual check mate, but it's something any follower of democracy should have answers to, they are problems any democracy needs to work toward solving. If there is any take-away from Plato, it is that we get closer to truth by asking questions, by exploring murky half-thought thoughts and figuring out where they don't quite add up. The big difference is that (early-middle) Plato mostly asks questions and poses problems, whereas Marx expounds doctrine. > There's a reason why students cram at the end of the semester. Without pressure from grades, they won't do the work of learning. I know for a fact that I don't learn if there aren't exams and grades. How much of that supposed "learning" is actually retained though? Could these pass the same test a year later without the opportunity to study for it? Yeah I know all these dialects, the question is, which is the one I'm supposed to use for (this tool)? Of course it requires knowledge, but the point is that when you have that knowledge, it transfers to other things as well, making you far more capable in many more situations. So for some context, I'm running a search engine on consumer hardware. Coaxing power out of limited hardware is sort of my bread and butter. How many of these strings I can keep in memory limits how many documents I can index. Doubling that number is quite significant. This number is orthogonal to how many searches I can serve, that is already a solved problem (through similar craftiness). Multiple searches per second sustained load is fine. The search engine has held up to the hacker news front page, which is something many supposedly non-interactive sites struggle with. This is a non-profit operation, so unless someone just decides to pay me a months salary or two, I'm not able to meaningfully increase the hardware. I'm stuck with what I've got and will make the most of it. I do think there is room for nuance. I learned to code like you suggest. I started with C, in vi, I learned it from the words of Kernighan and Ritchie and I had no forums or syntax highlighting or anything to hold my hands, and when stuff didn't work, I got compiler error messages so obtuse they might as well have been in Linear B, I walked uphill both ways and it was -40 and blizzard even in the summer. I do absolutely concede the type of language-understanding and skill set this promotes does make you a better developer. However. I do not think that stubbornly refusing to use an IDE makes you a better developer. A good IDE is powerful, and can be a real force multiplier that makes you able to work with much larger systems and significantly cuts down on the amount of time you spend doing menial repetitive typing. You can absolutely subsist on the simplest of tools, but you can absolutely do more with the more powerful ones. I did try exactly that, but the GC overhead was still prohibitively high for my use case, made because big arrays in practice are composed from shorter non-contiguous arrays to make garbage collection even remotely possible. To be fair, both New Year's Eve and Christmas are essentially the same holiday (a solstice celebration missing the mark by a few days). If it is your intent, it's also disturbingly easy to hide behavior from code reviewers. The Underhanded C Coding Contest has a lot of examples of this type of stuff: http://www.underhanded-c.org/_page_id_25.html I can already hear some of you starting to type a rant about how this actually is a C problem and not something that would happen in a modern language like ${YOUR_FAVORITE_LANGUAGE:-rust}; and to an extent it is true that C is especially vulnerable to this particular vector of attack, but like it or not a lot of open source software if it isn't written in C, depends on libraries that are. This includes the Linux kernel, OpenSSL, cURL. WebKit is written in C++ which might as well be C for the sake of this discussion. Other languages have other attack vectors, like the fractal-like dependency tree of NPM for example, something that has been demonstrated time and time again to be more than a hypothetical security risk. Thoth is the name of an Egyptian god, not really an English word. Would we expect to find God in his creation? I'm not religious or so, but I think this is a strange assumption and an interesting discussion that also applies to things we create. If I write a book, I will never be in the book. My person will shape the book, I can't write a book in a way that doesn't impart some sense of me in it. Yet I can't actually ever be in the book. I can write characters that believe I exist and even worship me as a creator, and even write a character in the book with my name that does fantastical things to demonstrate that he is the author of their reality, yet it won't really be me in the book. I, as a creator, cannot be part of my creation. That's like looking at your foot print on the ground and expecting to find your foot somehow still in the print it left. The print is shaped by the foot, but the foot is not part of the print. If you write an autobiography, the character bearing your name in the book isn't you. It's a character in a book, while you are a human being. You can never shake hands with a fictional character. You can create another fictional character that shakes the hand of the first fictional character, but the you that writes can not shake hands with the character you wrote bearing your name. These are entities from separate ontological categories that can never meet as equals. The one pushing cannot be the thing getting pushed. That's only half the story. If you compare a PAL NES game, which runs at a fixed 50 FPS, to a modern video game that runs at 50 FPS, the former is incredibly snappy whereas the latter would be deemed unplayable sluggish. The NES signal is analog and if you update the video memory, it more than likely shows up on the screen the next frame, the worst possible delay is 20 milliseconds. Digital displays and (hardware) pipeline-based rendering means that it in practice often takes takes several frames between sending the instructions to draw mario and the little guy showing up on the screen. It still takes less than 20 milliseconds to render, but the latency is much higher. In practice a latency of 100 ms isn't unheard of at 50 FPS with a modern rendering pipeline. This is why modern games feel so sluggish at low framerates. Really none of these things should be a problem. - Presenting your bread-and-butter data shouldn't require complex joins or expensive queries. If it does, you are doing something wrong. - You can serve the text of a thousand page book in just a few hundred Kb. If your payload size is large, then I guarantee it's not the text on the page that's at fault. - Likewise, no computer (not even one from 1996) will struggle rendering plain HTML. Any performance problems your website has are problems you've added yourself. I guess we should have them write it on a stele next to its greek equivalent. I think most of this complexity is a failure in scope limitation. No exaggeration I wouldn't be surprised if the average piece of software today is 1000 times bigger and slower than it needs to be. You need to spell check a text? In the 1980s, you could do that relatively quickly on a computer with no network access. The dictionary data was pretty big back then but today it will fit in an L3 cache. Today, each checked word likely gets converted to JSON and is then sent around the world through load balancers and proxies to some cloud instance where it is deserialized and checked and a new JSON message is encoded saying "{\"message\:\"yup, it's a word\"}", which gets passed back through a bunch of servers until it ends up in a mobile app that is really a souped up HTML widget. Spell checking isn't by any means trivial programming, but it doesn't require planet scale computing either. There is no benefit to that. It's just a waste of resources. So why do we build things that way? Because of Parkinson's law. If we had put a constraint on resources, we would have found a faster and better way of doing it. This is in part why I advocate targeting low power hardware when designing a new system. If it's fast on a Raspberry PI, then it will be fast on any hardware. You will identify scaling problems early while the code is still malleable and easy to redesign. I think in this context, God's prophets could be considered a form of self-insertion. > So are we saying creators are never part of their creation ? Does that mean AI being created by us humans, can never know we created it. This seems like a broader existing problem with knowing whether other sentient beings exists. We don't have access to any other subjective experience than their own, so we really can't tell. We can assume that because we think and feel and experience other humans do too, but we can't actually know. We don't have access to their thoughts and experiences. So we couldn't know whether the AI we created merely acted like it thought and experienced, or if it actually did. > does that mean, that evolution of AI means human intelligence can no longer exist after this point ? I don't think this follows. I wrote a short dialogue about this a while back, mostly for fun. I think the creator-creation-relationship is a very interesting topic. https://memex.marginalia.nu/commons/dialogue.gmi The format has been around for 2000 years, so it's pretty well refined. They were making something that would be recognizable as a book (or booklet) at least as early as late republic, which ties in to my point that the format has been refined a long time. Codex is the latin word for book in general. Throughout our lives, we impact the world in various ways, we leave footprints on the ground, we cast shadows and show up in mirrors, and form ideas in people's minds, but even though those effects look and act like we do, they aren't truly us, they don't actually experience the world. There is an equivocation there. The Mark Twain that appears in his book is not the same as the Mark Twain that wrote his books. It's two entities bearing the same name. It's a category error to say the two are the same, it's conflating the idea of a thing with the thing the idea represents. We do of course both have an idea of Mark Twain the dead author, and Mark Twain the literary character, and that may muddle and be the same idea in our mind, but that idea is not the same entity as Mark Twain the person. Unlike a person, an idea does not have subjectivity, it does not experience. You can write a book where the character Mark Twain has a conversation with Harry Potter, even though Mark the human could never meet Harry the fictional character. If people and characters the were truly the same thing, wouldn't they be subject to the same constraints and limitations? Galatians 4:16 Neat. I do think there is a lot of room to refine the search engine interface. If the dumpster fire that's Google it's pretty clear that natural language search is just not a good approach. It's extremely frustrating when the search engine is second guessing you. Your "tags" look like search terms, like key n-grams. I'm guessing because when I extract search terms from a document, I get stuff of a similar "vibe". Maybe easier if I show than try to describe, this is from a unit test I have that runs keyword extraction code on a few documents. I think these are from some page about SSH clients unix_source, msi, ssh_authentication_agent, gitweb, pscp, cryptographic_checksums, windows_source, ssh, puttytel, command-line_secure, telnet, windows_html, most_up-to-date_version, psftp, zip, scp, standalone, version_of_putty, scp_client, dsa, putty, plink, rsa_and_dsa, sftp, binaries, unix, up-to-date_version, checksums, rsa, individual_executables, 64-bit_arm, 64-bit_version, source_archive, .zip_archive, 32-bit_arm, latest_release, checksum, standalone_binaries, cryptographic, windows_on_arm, ftp, zipped, versions_of_putty, alternative_binary_files, unix_source_archive, download_putty, sftp_client, latest_released_version, ssh_and_telnet_client, ssh_and_telnet I've been playing with the idea of doing some sort of Naive Bayes-categorization of the general topic of a web page and using those to offer a broad filtering on my search results. May be a lot of work since it relies on a degree of manual curation, but seems be doable once you have a decent model cooked up. I'd like, when you search for Plato, to be able to offer the alternative of refining the search to the philosopher or the computer system. The point isn't to increase the proportion of renewable power, but to decrease the total amount of non-renewable power. 10% renewables is the same as 90% renewables if the remaining consumption is the same total amount. There is no market in the world where you are going to decrease consumption by increasing the demand. That's just not how economics works. The leaky jar of Gorgias. Only guessing, but https://oeis.org/ ? I like a good command line, but the whole search box thing is annoying me to no end because it not predictable. If I type three characters and press enter, it shouldn't matter if I wait 0.5 or 1.8 seconds before I press enter. But with this mechanic, it typically does. What is "set _rem_inder" one time is "_rem_ove all files" the next time. If you can make this happen without having the animations replay when I press the back button, that would be great. Eh, sometimes you just gotta do the needful. The two outlooks can hardly be said to be mutually exclusive. You can absolutely cultivate both sides of yourself, learn to appreciate both logic and poetry. Doing so leaves you a much more well rounded person than either Spock or Bones. The whole argument that something needs to be replaced because it has been around for such a long time has always struck me as a bit peculiar. Odds are that if something has stuck around for a long time, it is exactly because it works pretty well and whatever perceived benefits of doing it differently haven't panned out, or have been small relative to the hassle of changing the paradigm. I think it's easy to overlook that it isn't enough that there is some benefit to changing things around, it needs to be a significant benefit to outweigh the hassle. Dvorak probably is the better keyboard layout compared to QWERTY, but by a fairly small degree that doesn't even materialize for most typists. If it made the average person type twice as fast, nobody would be using QWERTY. Another example is NEMA plugs. Compared to Schuko, their safety features are quite lackluster, but the cost of changing the power plug standard is extremely high and safety features of NEMA are probably good enough. I did just that. Well not specifically aimed at research, but the types of websites I'm interested in, written by humans, blogs and such. It's got some quality issues right now because I fucked up some of the keyword extraction logic and it's taken a while to identify just what's gone wrong. Even though it's a bit broken, it has some lucid moments. Just compare: https://www.google.com/search?q=mechanical+keyboards https://search.marginalia.nu/search?query=mechanical+keyboar... The take-away I want to drive home is that it's absolutely possible to build something the scale of Google c.a. 2003 and run it on consumer hardware. I think, due to general difficulties in making these things profitable, the ideal approach is to make the operation so absurdly cheap it can be run non-profit instead. I'll gladly pay out of my own pocket to have a good search alternative. I do think it's a bit of a mixed bag of causes. Google has mixed incentives since their main income is the ads they sell both on the search results page and in the pages linked from the search results. Looking after the interests of the users is a tricky balancing act, and it would be really easy for them to start cannibalizing themselves to eke out a bigger profit margin. In the absence of serious competition to keep them honest, it is in their economic interest to show mediocre search results with a painful amount of ads. Google also appears to have pivoted toward a few particular use cases of search engines, finding where to buy things, and answering questions. I think a few uses fall in the cracks between those patterns. They seem to be optimizing for the results that most people will click, which is fine if you are most people, but will worsen the experience for the long tail consisting of all the users looking for something specific off the beaten track. The algorithms seem to actively resist attempts at refining the query away from the most popular results, which is a peculiar behavior that I don't understand the motivation behind. I think this is a big mistake, as it makes what was already easy easier to find, and what's already difficult even more difficult to find. It's probably quite far off being viable as a daily driver search engine, but maybe it doesn't need to be either. I built it to pick up the slack in the areas where the big search engines are floundering, and as long as it's doing that, I think that's quite sufficient. The problem is that even quality sites die. And when they do, their domain gets poached and suddenly it's not a quality site anymore. But according to the ranking algorithms it's the same site, since its quality is measured by how many links it gets. Coopting quality sites is a bit of a cottage industry. There is also a significant amount of hacked wordpress sites. Their domain may be quite reputable, but they're unknowingly host to a ton of spam. You can still make a serious dollar writing COBOL code. That was quite oldfashioned in 1991, and I'm honestly not certain we'll be rid of it by 2041. I think it's been submitted a few times before, but I guess if they keep getting these requests they'll eventually add it. I'm actually using Google's original algorithm, with a modification suggested in the original PageRank paper called Personalized PageRank that allows using a specific segment of the internet as a tastemaker in creating the ranking. It's a bit funny because the authors of the paper suggest this modification and explicitly states it makes the algorithm extremely resilient to manipulation from commercial interests. I'd steer clear of .icu. They've had such quality problems that it's not uncommon to see them completely blocked in mail filters and the like. I don't understand how these sites rank so highly though, they can't get much organic traffic at all. Most people who click on them will bounce immediately. Probably easier to just work part time. I do 32 hour work weeks. I'm still well paid by non-IT standards, and it allows me to put at least some time toward not-for-profit R&D-type stuff. I do appreciate not everyone is in a situation where that's viable. Would I like to just get money to build cool stuff, sure. But since I'm not an actual Ferengi, I like to build cool stuff more than I like hoarding money. So this is my compromise, I make enough to make due but not so much I don't have time to do good things. Seems fairly unlikely. The best sorting algorithm is a function of the data. The compiler can't know this. There are pathological data sets where quicksort is O(n^2). For small n, quick sort is also a bad choice. The programmer can understand these domain characteristics but the compiler certainly can't. If code isn't running qsort(), this could be a mistake, but may also be an optimization. Better still, just leave it in a drawer. I think some NLP is strictly beneficial for a search engine. You may think "grep for the web" sounds like a good idea, but let me tell you, having tried this, manually going through every permutation of plural forms of words and manually iterating the order of words to find a result is a chore and a half. Like, instead of trying PDP11 emulator PDP-11 emulator "PDP 11" emulator PDP11 emulators PDP-11 emulators "PDP 11" emulators PDP11 emulation PDP-11 emulation "PDP 11" emulation Basic NLP can do that a lot faster without introducing a lot of problems. I do think Google currently goes way overboard with the NLP. It often feels like the query parser is an adversary you need to outsmart to get to the good results, rather than something that's actually helpful. That's not a great vibe. However, I think the big problem isn't what they are doing, but how little control you have over the process. It does operate on a scale and principle fairly similar to early 2000s google, so the comparison isn't that far off, but yeah, it's quite some way before it's viable for general search. Dunno if I'll ever get there, but it does consistently seem to get better so who knows. NLP is very heavily integrated into search, so I don't think it's really possible to decouple them. But I agree the whole BonziBuddy thing they've got going now is annoying and it's especially unfortunate how it's replaced the search functionality. I'd have a lot more patience with it if I could choose this functionality when I wanted to ask a question. Yeah. It's one of those things where it's invisible where it works and enraging when it doesn't. That's generally not a failure mode that's desirable. It at least should require extremely low failure rates to motivate. What if you are looking for something written by a human? Of course, but stemming is a fairly basic technique in NLP, as is POS-tagging. NLP is not machine learning. Yeah, I do this with my search engine. Works pretty well. A complementary approach that works well is to look at where blogs written by humans link. Very few spam blogs get links from humans. Let's imagine I want to talk to the author of the content. How can I do that if it's just a souped up markov chain? SEO often seems to be a compensation for the fact that a site doesn't have particularly worthwhile content. So punishing SEO surprisingly does promote higher quality of search results. > meritocratic rating That is literally PageRank. You can still do NLP without machine learning though, and a lot of the sorts of computational linguistics a search engine needs for keyword extraction and query parsing doesn't require particularly fancy algorithms. What it needs is fast algorithms, and that's not something you're gonna get with ML. I guess it depends on what you are looking for on the Internet I guess. Right now the biggest problem with Marginalia is that it has a fairly uneven quality level. For some queries it's absolutely incredible. For others, it doesn't really provide much useful results at all. I do think it's possible to even that out a considerable bit, to make it more viable for general queries. It's never going to be able to answer every query, but it probably could answer a lot more than it does. Is it not the processing of natural language? But then they would need to know that the person sending the email is the same person that read a specific article. Stemming is a task specific to a natural language. You can't run an English stemmer on French and get good results, for example. All NLP is, strictly speaking, more or less elaborate string matching. > Splitting on spaces also isn't NLP. String splitting can be, but it's a bit borderline. I'll argue you're in NLP territory if it doesn't split "That FBI guy i.e. J. Edgar Hoover." into four "sentences". Given Reddit is notorious for it's problems with astroturfing and vote bots, I don't think this is a particularly promising approach. Be that as it may, search ranking is a zero sum game. The unfair advantage SEO gives this particular struggling business means another goes under. I'd rather punish the guy trying to game the system than the one with enough principles not to. It sounds like a 2010 rage comic. Only thing missing is that guy eating cereal. Sabotaging Windows95 so that it would fake a crash on DR-DOS was a real high water mark. Either way, capability for fuckery is not something I'd want to encourage. > Be nice to your data sources. Very much this. If I know I'm about to possibly consume a non-negligible amount of resources from a server by indexing a website with lots of subdomains, I typically send the webmaster an email asking them if this is fine, telling them what I use the data for and how often my crawler re-visits a site, asking if I should set any specific crawl delays or do it in particular times of day. In every case I've done this, they have been fine with it. It goes down a lot better than just barging in and grabbing data. This also gives them a way of reaching me if something should go wrong. I'm not just some IP address grabbing thousands of documents, I'm a human person they can talk to. If I'd get a no, then I would respect that too, not try to circumvent it like some entitled asshole. No means no. > unvaccinated people are more likely to cause the virus to mutate Maybe I'm missing something, but the vaccinated population is the one that has introduced an additional evolutionary pressure, so wouldn't we expect to see mutations (that affect vaccinated people) in that population? Vaccine tolerance is no advantage in unvaccinated hosts. I've had a lot of success just saving the data into gzipped tarballs, like a few thousand documents per tarball. That way I can replay the data and tweak the algorithms without causing traffic. If you can't find the address on the website, sometimes it's in robots.txt, you could also try support@domain, admin@domain or webmaster@domain. Contact forms can as well, usually they seem to get forwarded to the IT department if they look like they have IT stuff in them, and I've had reasonable success getting hold of the right people that way. Yeah, sure. The text itself is usually at most a few hundred Kb, and HTML compresses extremely well. Like it's pretty slow to unpack and replay the documents, but it's still a lot faster than downloading them again. The main reason I'm doing it this way is because I'm saving this stuff to a mechanical drive, and I want consistent write performance and low memory overhead. Since it's essentially just an archive copy, I don't mind if it takes half an hour to chew through looking for some particular set of files. Since this is a format deigned for tape drives, it causes very little random access. It's important that it's relatively consistent to write since my crawler does while it's crawling, and it can reach speeds of 50-100 documents per second, which would be extremely rough on any sort of database based on a single mechanical hard drive. These archives are just an intermediate stage that's used if I need to reconstruct the index to tweak say keyword extraction or something, so random access performance isn't something that is particularly useful. Yeah, my User-Agent is "search.marginalia.nu", and my contact information is not hard to find on that site. Misbehaving bots are very annoying and it's incredibly frustrating when you can't get hold of the owner to tell them about it. It's not merely a democratic vote, where the most links wins, but what the algorithm does is evaluate the links based on the popularity of the originating domain. In other words, meritocratic rating. You can apply the algorithm to any graph, and what it does is find the most influential nodes. Eschewing SEO isn't incompetence, it's moral principle and good character. I'd much rather have a surgeon who doesn't moonlight harvesting organs OD:ing junkies. Integer columns are significantly faster and smaller than strings in a SQL database. It adds up quickly if you have a sufficiently large database. I use the following scheme: 1 - exhausted 0 - alive -1 - blocked (by my rules) -2 - redirected -3 - error