everyone going on about this check out Cinema Redux - movies distilled into one image, from 2004! Done with Processing! http://processing.org/exhibition/works/redux/index.html would be funny if it was someone like Richard Branson or John Carmack vying for these instead... to burn them! when I started reading this, first reaction was, what do you mean there isn't a site that lets you put all sorts of data in a QR Code - Google Charts API what. Then I see that's what you figured out. also, QR Codes with full vCard style contact infos have been in use/easy/available in popular places like Japan, for years. yeah, legendary and omitted? maybe too much source material for that..hehe; and if you wanna talk about the sound fx that go with the GUIs.....the insane work and science behind all the Trek sounds is craziness....all for a few blips and beeps..hehe... there's not alot in here about dropping Rails particularly.... it's more some Rails powered front end stuff for SEARCH that needed to be ditched to speed up the crazy insane search load they get. yeah, true -- this is all about scale. They have tons of online content producing partners that will be interested in doing live stuff, and also on the scale side of things, the YouTube reach is immense compared to the DIY streamer sites like justin.tv etc google translate's always had a strong confidence in its EN -> JP translation abilities. http://translationparty.com/ love how this comes out while http://agoogleaday.com is around while reading this I was afraid of what conclusion the author was going to reach -- but a vm message that says 'txt or email me' is great -- amen! gah, this again eh. Friday's news. This is a pretty unique/upper tier end of the spectrum problem. They needed to be able to cope with the ridiculous amount of realtime indexing and searching going on around the SEARCH stack, so ok, Netty etc. Not really anything about abandoning Rails etc. yep really I find VM is just a 'medium' choice, and one that I don't prefer, but maybe my callers would at the time. Sometimes it's just easier to ramble on about something instead of typing. But VM is by no means instant, don't expect a reply in any soonish timeframe. That's what IM/txt is for. Email and VM might as well be the same...non-current issues. I find the comment scores useful at a glance to note contributions the community likes. I haven't been here that long, but what is the HN obsession with discussion/comments anyways? Good links are good links. That is the first draw to HN isn't it? Current/fresh relevant links/news items not one mention of The Social Network movie or if a chunk of this influx is looking for a career at making iPhone apps? good post with insights on the site traffic etc..appreciated the rails/heroku discussion. What is with the hacker submissions tho!? submitting drop table lines etc...geez ppl....whyyy while cryptic at times, the messages in this article were great I thought. And on TechCrunch no doubt. I think only a few of Twitter's users are really seeing the bigger picture use of the service and it's serious impact. I mean, beyond the user base, there were commenters who 'don't use it or know anyone who does' that were completely oblivious to the impact - even though they hear about twitter on tv/news/whatever constantly almost. The obliviousness to the increasingly seamless nature of the platform is a problem for investors/patents/business models - because how do you define all that? I know this is right out there, but why not focus on going wireless to solve this 'need to avoid digging stuff up' hurdle? I thought advances in wireless speeds was going to be the real revolution. isn't this whole make-your-own-currency, digital or not, like that Ithaca HOURs thing? hmph, this one caught me by surprise..... more infos: http://www.delicious.com/help/transition also http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/05/03/amazon-enters-the-f... seems like it's still a crowded marketplace for this sort of fashion stuff, and fashion remains a tough sell online as far as the 'shopping experience' I think... but there must be enough of a margin in it and Amazon's definitely got the inventory and reach to pull this off, so seems like a logical, nice addition to their portfolio would love to find out if in fact there is some encryption layer on this thing, cause if not, that opens a whole other scandalous can of worms This story floating around in a bunch of places -- irks me. It's not a good buy. Too expensive unless RIM drops pricetag a ton. And the incompatibilties in vision and platform/development seem way too much hassle for MS which just got into the Nokia thing re: skype/facetime - if this RTMFP thing picks up, seems like there could be tons of services like this soon. no need for facekype. In some ways, this has been around for a bit, just maybe not a cleanly/easy to develop. tinychat anyone? haha, and they'll all be based on frontend UI accessing RSS. wow, these guys been pretty busy, on the hunt to get something together using a portfolio of services obviously. Good news for some startups, or in Delicious' case, some left-to-die orhpans They'll keep it for sure, maybe just sneak an MS logo in there. It's one of those brands that's achieved 'verb' status for god sakes. if MS absorbs the Skype technology into their own IM/chat/communications systems - and skype users are left out on a limb - where do they go? . They stay with the MS product line happily perhaps, or they go to __________? gChat/open/xmpp? Jump all the way to Apple FaceTime (seems a far jump). Or with forthcoming p2p flash video ease-of-dev/ease-of-use, does this all just become super common/easy to access? this music thing isn't a social thing at all really though, it's pure utility and convenience. In this form anyways. the perceived risks taken by locals in this story, and the way this plays out in the 'storify' flow is great. That Prey company should have some 'emergency' guidelines for how to track and get back your laptop. Like -- what is the best way to approach law enforcement, instead of vigilante tactics. heh archived on livestream now...youtube later article title stunned me in an 'ah ha' sort of way -- sounds like a play/set of moves right up apple's alley dunno how I missed this one earlier, but nice design work....and G finds yet another way to present their ad/promotion scheme and on that note, I'm not that impressed by this because it's mostly about what to do once you've got an app developed. It's pure marketing/ad/promotion stuff. Covered in slimy Google AdX goo. posting this, but seems like there is no new source other than the days old TechCrunch article huge move for Mastercard PayPass. But only works with Nexus S now? Are there a ton of phones coming to market with NFC capability? this has got me a bit confused and the absurdity of trying to put a blanket policy on something as global as the net and something somewhat not-geo-specific as domains and sites, confounds me they should start by banning foreign hosting of uk ccTLDs... hashbang discussion rearing its head again..... this post is long but it has some insights / questions into why the debate erupts about this and what it means when we say they 'break the web'. Hashbangs are caught in the middle of this transition of our old thinking of web docs into an application platform. general hysteria-inducing article. How about some population control? nicely done. always enjoyed playing with Wordle. would say we already figured this out a few days ago...... that it's all about hardware sales so this is really about breaches and 'attacks' -- data loss seems like a vague term to describe. We're not talking about a bunch of crashed hard drives here seem it wasn't handled the best way by Twitter, but really, the whole brand/identity holders thing is a long standing valid thing on the internet..(re: domains etc)...so I dunno, shouldn't be that much of a surprise? Word of the day has to be: Spime http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spime people bring this stuff on themselves by treating fb as a massive 'who I know or am related to' index instead of following who they are interested in. I suppose fb brought some of this on themselves when they went down the twitter-emulation path a few years ago. the product/service will outshine the design if the idea is still conveyed (in a pretty fashion or not). my mom asked me the other day what the word 'sync' meant. Honestly. To some it may be an alien word in the context of their devices/data. nice technology demo -- I like using google quick view for pdf reading...this is a nice alternative... dreaming up uses for it - immediate display and download of pdf receipts that sort of thing? speaking of google ..... so much for Chrome's built in pdf viewer..heh. like some other things with Obama's Presidency, data/gov projects haven't gone the way we all 'Hoped' they would when the ideals presented themselves at its start. hmm, wouldn't guess Google because I thought while their computing grid is the most powerful it's not really a supercomputer because it's just tons and tons of basic machines... but maybe gah -- I wouldn't put that much faith in Alexa and ComScore data sources. Also, as if apps were any different than the web -- the web is where the data comes from! awesome, was totally going to bring this up. ya, the whole read I was wondering what Phenona does/is. used this last night on a whim to paste in the contents of a tracklist from a radio show. Great way to flip through some of the tracks the djs played without having the actual show recording on hand. Handy for those into electronic/dance stuff where there's lots of livesets and tracklists floating around. I'd say it was 80% accurate in picking up the right track from youtube. Amazing how much stuff is on youtube of course. pretty good way to show off google's array of products. But also makes me wonder about the 'too many things going on at google' thing http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2705743 it feels so closed off. Silo'd. Makes me shudder. "living the game" - angle does immediately speak alot to me as something that is not FB and not G+ etc. Gamers like their other world/networks to exist on. to this day I have yet to see any major UI problems -- and I have used Wave alot in real collaboration situations. It has worked excellently for just that, collaboration. Only thing missing is a gTalk chat window/which the original Etherpad has so I will probably move to that as a wave replacement. usually because it's been tied to some incentive.... discount...access to more information/contests..whatever. They're lured in. A 'like' has become a form of currency in some strange way I wonder what becomes of the 'Blogger' name/domain etc. I'd say it's a pretty valuable 'word' -- an iconic brand somewhat. love that title/cupholder analogy. Recall recent article about the relative non-use of video calling/video chat - despite the general sense for years and years that it would be how we were all going to be communicating in the future that is now. it's really all about transcending the version number. Which Chrome has basically succeeded in doing. Hats off to them too -- it makes for a much more exciting development and innovation space think this has gone way up in recent years with ppl with old hotmail whatever accts fed up of spam,more people on gServices etc....more exposure to gApps via android etc (not to mention being forced into using a gAccount/gMail for android things...) there's so much Tetris goin on there too. Also, cue logo design (mis)trend of late 2011 - the pixelated fade. ala..I think it was MS stuff/Windows back in like....turn of the century? read headlines like "Citrix buying Cloud.com for 200 million" - thought some crazy domain seller had struck paydirt. But it's a whole company..ahhh built with Processing?! nice, very nice wow, this really opened my eyes up to the real interesting stuff at Visual.ly. None of this was apparent to me at launch a few days ago, nor when I signed up recently. "This is Disruptive Technology" ha, nice heading. Sorry, just realized more original source is http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2777508 one odd thing about the video is it should be 7+ mins long, but shows up in YouTube as 5:36 or something. Trick: Watch in 480 mode, and it keeps playing to the full length :-S You gotta keep watching so you don't miss some more big news events like Osama's death ! am I the only one to clicked this thinking it was some sort of SSH client...;-) the whole 2005ness of this post, which I just discovered after reading the whole thread here, renders it mostly useless to me. I get what J's saying about the evolution/de-evoluion of frameworks - but wow, in the time since, things have played out differently. wow, thanks for the screenshots.. I didn't expect that pic. Expected a japanese character or something. Wow. We don't need that. never saw anything about using a real name, don't have my proper name on my gAccount, so it doesn't matter -- gPlus working fine, identity working fine. oh, totally. Just was having a laugh about it I'm sorry but my first reaction to this was how can I follow these updates in twitter. ha Other than that, I do like the 'developer' posts/transparent process updates a tough topic/post to go front-and-center public with. a bit surprised to see it coming from Google. Guess it is the CLO griping.. but the multiple sides of this coin are hard to ignore. Coin being an operative word as much of this calls into question the nature of business and competition guess I'm really wondering why this exists -- seems like maybe the idea originated back in early twitter days and devs just decided to see it through now all of a sudden? a bit heavy on the google influence in the article.... I don't feel like G+ is at all geared to photographers. Flickr has tons of features/tools that seem natural to many but are key to managing photos, making sets, organizing etc. The meta data alone you can associate with flickr photos is incredible. G+ can make a photo set in the same way Facebook can, not really same target/point. interesting. Not sure how serious the potential 'shift' to Bing would be, as I think alot of Ffox users would still change it to Google as the default. Do you think Microsoft Bing is actively courting Moz on this issue ahead of the contract expiry? ohhh... that's what all the release cakes sent to the Mozilla HQ from the IE team are for! as with web apps, version numbers don't matter at the front -- features do. The Build numbers and versions should stay in there where people who need to can find them though, ala Chrome... http://cssgrid.net 1140 CSS Grid is pretty good with the media queries and what not kind of a cooler more elaborate demo here http://fhtr.org/kenburns/ wow, this is interesting. What a contribution. definitely noticed all the outgoing links briefly flashing over to t.co the past few weeks. Interesting. I expect someone at twitter dev will explain this in few days there's the official Account Chooser Working Group Charter proposal announcement - https://sites.google.com/site/oauthgoog/workinggroupcharter/... funny 'cause now the first thing I see is - hey, they used the 'twitter bootstrap' look on this page reddit is almost entirely in existence due to its community/userbase. it's all it had when digg imploded, and it's pulled them through from dark to the traffic heights they are at now. thing missing from reddit, despite the forum-like discussion thread part, is that it isn't social. it doesn't promote following users or anything of that nature or has little of those features (one thing that digg has/had) thing is, currently, the way reddit is/is going -- there's not much that needs to be changed. it covers alot of use cases for alot of its userbase (i.e. I use it solely for submission and upvoting/link popularity tracking, and hardly for anything discussion/forum related) what are all these browser 'version numbers' they keep talking about? cue the inevitable 'why not using x' etc - but it's always interesting to hear what the heads are using day-to-day seems to me that other than financials/cost of offering stuff for free -- it's a technical issue with wifi technology. Keeping signals strong/repeated....changing/improving approaches...mesh network ideas etc etc... what happened to it being a hub for e-waste and toxic discarded electronics and unwiped hard drives? wish this wouldn't conclude sounding like a ploy to convince everyone to buy up misspelled domains. olllld article from 2009 rehashing longtime complaints of bitter Vader suit wearing actor. He didn't get a cut of the only-named-in-merchandise Ewoks toys. Boohoo. could see this coming with the recent takeover of t.co in all url tweeting etc..... but wow...how are they going to do this....sites have to register ala google webmaster center?......so much work. Bit.ly save us! think one reason might be because people are accessing IM via all sorts of wacky mobile apps, to keep them using their MSN accounts, need to make the protocol accessible - XMPP the obvious way to do that nice writeup, could really feel your pain/obsession (not a bad thing) -- the sketchiness of the codeblock from the get go was cringeworthy for me too - harks to marking CS assignments and the like back in the day. what a way to start my day too. blech "distributed computing boilerplate" ha, I like it with Visa on board, this definitely does give this a sense of being big. But only time and marketing/economics will tell with the whole NFC enabled devices etc etc temptation to go on about a Philly Frenetic... example: http://www.stamped.com/parislemon/stamps/9/Iced-Chai also sniffed some sort of google connection, then realized it's a gVentures thing a rocky week for sure, but I don't see major grounds for hate. Heavy user/dependent on Delicious for my bookmarks etc. By day 2 I was relatively running smoothly again. It was all expected and they listed the features that are still in progress and I've already seen some of the things (like FF plugin) start to work again. So..... I don't see where the ZDnet hate and user account stuff is coming from. What, all the users that didn't really use the service and then saw tech news about the relaunch and decided to visit the site again only to find their accounts gone/not migrated? The warnings for migration were borderline intense/annoying the past month or so....and that was months after the emails and notifications when AVOS jumped in. suppose this isn't really fresh news, but summarizes recent months activities and what we've been seeing/talking about. And coverage in mainstream press is something maybe. ahh .. I didn't see it at first. Good. with the more significant things like movie listings, weather..... it's about Google + the world's information. They want it to flow through them/be indexed by them/found and offered up by them oh wow, after skimming the page and getting to the bottom, totally noticed that pic! craziness. drama indeed. haha. Good on them. there's so many of these google acquisitions doing the 'disappear' thing that when they do resurface we've almost all forgotten and all is new again. haha. Maybe that's the point. RSS - the internet's great underrated 'killer app' oh wow, ok, so that wasn't just me then? good. Engineering blog is fine, probably getting clumped in with some flagged .twitter.com domain spam......oh well but then they become unreadablecom ? uggh while this debate seems to continually rear its head.... can we stop posting year old stuff to HN? wow, and this didn't even touch on Evernote's Clearly. Busy day in the 'easy mobile reading' space. daark. I get the uncertainty and fear of the 'seedy' nature of G+ and rise of the corporate platforms...but seems like more of us trying things out, learning, so we can maybe direct change/influence the evolution of the platforms.... big fan of wave as a simple collaborative editing system. Live editing is intense, but works great when hashing out ideas on a document. Have used for over a year in a small team working on document writing. Have yet to find a good replacement, so this is interesting. Actually, it's not so much there isn't a good replacement -- EtherPad is quite good, especially some of the newer incarnations of it with slicker UI -- but Wave's 'inbox' feature being able to manage and organize multiple waves under account is the thing keeping me using it. I don't want to have to bookmark all my EtherPad docs and somehow track them. Great stuff. This is like Photosynth for videos! Remember Photosynth? further - Move the Web Forward site is a nice piece of work/resources http://movethewebforward.org/ great socket/node proj, visited earlier http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2661457 zah? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3314910 So I can't get a real iPad from a fake Apple store in China? I guess Apple will have to open some more real stores and sell renamed 'fake' iPads under another name. haha how to get family&friends to start using Path though, other than the initial 'shiny new' app thing. Seems making the move from fb is a task everyone struggles with yeah definitely -- Google Voice Search and all the work they put into building up the database/quality of voice recognition has been in place for years. I've tested voice search with many of the Siri-like statements and commands and they all work. The only thing is the device doesnt' talk back, seems like that means they're way past 50% complete on this 'feature'. wouldn't say out of touch, just get to your information other ways. More adept users aren't searching they're heading to news sources via links, social networks, etc etc. they backpeddled much much later by 'reintroducing' some of the aspects of the site that were there before. Thing was, it was really quite a long time after all of the users had left. Initially, imo, the real problem was the shock of change and some serious downtime/bugs in the first 2-4 weeks is what killed it. As an active, dedicated user, not being able to use the site for so long left me no choice but to drop it from my daily habits. this is always great to rehash and reflect on. the link right in the first page would have been easier to digest http://www.team5150.com/~andrew/carmack/ instead of this scribd garbage wow, yeah, that was my immediate thought too. Atwood's Law: any application that can be written in JavaScript, will eventually be written in JavaScript. Ravens Nest? This an Ottawa project? hehe. if so/add Ultimate as a sport. hehe not to be confused with Summize. (also taken over by twitter, becoming early incarnation of twitter search back in the day) love that someone in news/publishing is pushing crazy journalists to write for the web ... been doing this on content/copy for years using what? Google Wave See also: Etherpad, springs to mind pretty funny. I feel like I'm listening/watching my twitter stream. haha maybe in bad taste, but made me think of this 'art' http://www.astronautsuicides.com/ ha, nice. I kinda liked my Congrats idea better http://twitpic.com/8ehuxs :-P (doh, wrote a long reply with thoughts a few hours ago from Hacker News Beta mobile app and it didn't post...fail) sorry man, it was just the link I got. I'm all for first poster credit and respect, just sometimes same content can be generated from multiple links etc and stuff gets messed up. Annoying but you know how it goes. On the time of posting thing...I know someone created a site to determine the optimal posting time for HN.... I have never used it tho! It's just naturally there'll be hotspots in the day based on simply where the majority of HN readers are from and the waves of social network activity. Anyways, a good link indeed. A fun Friday afternoon share -- Great that the FlightAware guys are watching this and contributing too. ah, the 'tool' for optimal HN Pickup. Still interesting when you look at it. http://hnpickup.appspot.com/ Also, re: titles -- yeah, descriptive titles always -- I try to do that, since I appreciate it when others do pretty neat -- way to step up 'team behind lazyweb-request#53' tested it out with whatever I had handy: Mother Effing Mountain Lion http://i.imgur.com/oRFRA.gif this has been around for years no? Also, in recent months I've started to move away from using reCaptcha everywhere on webform deployments because of increased difficulty from, shall we say, the less patient and computer literate, visitors of my sites. If true, that value is off the chart crazy but makes this also amazing. Pete Cashmore has definitely put the time in.... but as many of us know has been crazy with the linkbait drivel for like the past year or more. He must be in a surreal state of bliss about all this. and the 'open' office design debate continues...... Noted there are no developers in any of these so-called office scenarios...maybe a mention or two of a 'type of work' that needed more concentration and 'noise cancelling headphones'. IMO the open office concept push that's been on and off for years is no good overall other than a perception that it's great and helps productivity. ancient Not new, not original youtube or producer site. This really needed to be HN'd? Seems like inherently, they have always been going after Dropbox, Evernote, whatever. It's the very nature of the overarching idea of Google Docs. Everything is a doc. And all these 'features' are natural parts of the system. this is great. in general, need more of these sorts of 'convincing x' guides ...purely for need for the right 'language'/points to convey benefits without getting lost in tech/trendspeak. easel.ly - great name. yeah yeah,email is the original great killer app of the internet. But as far as collaboration, it is full of problems and for the average user just causes problems and confusion and makes people bend over backwards to try and keep up. All the new developments are about taking it to a new level...beyond the original idea. Meaning less silos, easier many-to-many and one-to-many etc... liked this, and also felt it had a tinge of HN appeal. Reminds of also the cultural world changing impact of another thing related to privacy/public space: Air Conditioning. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4073620 Because digital things have to look like real things right? Lame. someone concisely help me refute this drivel. looking for reasons to use this. Other than educational purposes? And where are the pages hosted? This is basically for one off displays of random content? fast or not, this url/link is olddddd yeah, seems to be a lot of old links getting shared lately. please stop. Maybe start using http://isitold.com/ before posting. this is like a modern day audio boss button take home exam and collaboration? take home exam is just asking for that in this day and age. I thought the idea was it would be easy, but only the students that put the work in would learn something that they'd need to know/use in a harder exam later..... another similar Android app design blog http://www.holoeverywhere.com/ wow, saw this come up on HN, did a doubletake. Toronto/York Region/Canada represent. just something fun for your mornings obligatory Simpsons quote, 'We need more "Bort" coke bottles in the shop. I repeat, we are sold out of "Bort" coke bottles.' super minimal. like how it was inspired by the garfield minus garfield thing. I was really scratching my head about what the hell tags were when I saw this yesterday. I clicked around, read pages, mentions of tags all over but no explanation or alternate description of what they were. Terrible unless you're some marketer already using all these. As a web dev, I was mystified (realize now exactly what it is, but just never used the 'tag' word). Seems like a lot of work for a niche space/userbase that is heavily tagging content/etc really nice project -- built with "Open Web technology, including Grunt, Backbone.js, Backbone Boilerplate, Node.js, MongoDB, RequireJS, PhantomJS, and Engine.IO" are they ready to scale for tonight? :-) couldn't help being reminded of old SNL skit about 'cork soaking' with janet jackson. "User requests are what computers are for!" "DOING OUR BUSINESS is what computers are for." --Tron, 1982 with the amount of stuff you can get from Google Now (or it can get for you), this makes it way more useful "thousands of lines and zero comments merry christmas and a happy bus accident" http://theprofoundprogrammer.com/post/27214842818/text-thous... love seeing intial sketches alongside finished products. I should use my notebook or dot grid book or whatever more often but alot of my designs have their very first iteration on POST-ITS. Could start a tumblr for initial post-it sketches hehe. err http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4732958 love the friday humor guys ;-) I honestly didn't realize this was a Chromebook ad, anyways, c00l neat idea, useful for travelling groups or work sessions on the go. What's the catch tho? Facebook login? Suspect. Ads popping up on every hotspot user's web browsing? Or does paying for the device cover them twitter is just another venue for information consumption that previously was more generally the web/blogs etc for me. So cutting it off is not about cutting off access to tweets etc but cutting off the flow of information and access to global goings-on that I am verrry accustomed to now. Sure it might free you up to do other things, but for many of us now it's just part of life - the constant flow of information and being in it. And I'm of the part of the Millennial generation that only got internet in later years -- just think where the youth of today would stand on this need to connect this with Karma https://yourkarma.com/ neat stuff - bit of explanation/behind the scenes is good too: http://musicmachinery.com/2013/01/02/boil-the-frog-2/ I don't know about XMPP transports specifically but this is mostly a frontend app change and not the backend. The MSN/Messenger servers are still the core of all of the messaging platforms and will stay in operation. vote up if you came here wanting to know what the BTTF connection was yeah, every day since vine launched I keep thinking, why not GIFs. With the maximum mainsteam acceptance/resurgence of GIFs these days, it seems like cinegram and GIFboom are already doing this. GIFs also embed/shareable etc. Same 6-second capture/edit/post process too. Hmmmm didn't expect much out of this story because it has felt for a long time that hackers targeting politically sensitive media orgs, govt and private sector out of China is the norm. Too common, widespread (however it's being organized) and they are too many for us to keep tabs on/hope to stop. All we can do is be vigilant in security practices and keeping on top of latest measures. Lego Group, 758 million in 2011. There's your target Minecraft. related blog post from @schneems http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5182884 goddamn, thanks. +1 I like this because it demonstrates the complexity that can possibly be involved with some serious web development projects. Also, I think it is the skill/ability to make the decision between these tools and platforms and know that you only need some etc - is what separates the good educated developers from the rest. my first thought after reading this was couldn't the author not do some background research into the freaking marketing plan behind this or what the ad agency working on promotions was thinking....or like others have mentioned, the corporate merger history. 'Journalists'. geezus. flashbacks to textfiles and issues of Phrack. Seeing a full phonebooth (with a phone in it) makes me stop in my tracks these days. reminds me of the humorous https://github.com/joho/7XX-rfc "RFC for the 7XX Range of HTTP Status codes - Developer Errors" Outlook/MSN Google chat interoperability means XMPP is alive and well on the Live Messenger servers right? just call it what it is, another instant messaging network, that does nothing but simply use the net and your data to send messages under guise of a crpytic ridiculous PIN number/account. Can't we just stick to contact lists of people's names and emails and IM that way..none of these 'numbers' (phone, pin etc). Meanwhile MS/outlook.com announces interoperability with gTalk...aka XMPP.... and the open net pushes forward. I meant keeping our contact lists basic and of real information like names and an email (email being a good base block for net stuff/identification/comms because the domain etc) instead of 10 other accounts to keep track of for all our contact list/address book entries. On the 'communications permissions system' tip, yeah, ok, useful to direct certain things via different networks, but instead of numbers and cryptic pins, keep it to names.... Address Book entry: Name & facebook: ChrisArchitect email, IM: ...@....com (translates to a searchable contact on other nets like twitter too) ... oh and furthermore, all using base internet technologies and IP networks instead of seperate private nets and god forbid the cellular network used for SMS that should be dead by now. Thus bringing interoperability etc too find this hard to read without thinking about beer the whole time. Could have a bit more serious tone to the identity. wow, if you hadn't posted this I would have totally overlooked the intro. Had to go back to re-experience the site. heh aka "An Inside Look At Re-architecting Twitter" articles like this drive me nuts because now I've got a manager kicking ideas around like must focus on yahoo/get web properties moving in yahoo....(which shouldn't be a concern, indexed sites are indexed)...but it's so murky trying to explain or even see yourself the clear situation this is great, lots of uses...contests...exclusives... snapchat like capabilities.... of course, at the rate that things get spidered and indexed elsewhere, the likelihood that something 'disappears' isn't that good.... "recently"? October 2012 this started rolling out....geezus. further title to this would be something along the lines of "the state of and movement in the Global Mobile Market" There's like 10 companies in here I have either never heard of or not heard from in a good while. Proggy fonts, swear by em noticed the domain is expired tho.....doh comments from last year https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3383673 this is nice, really good examples of base stuff that can be achived with bootstrap -- but I kinda feel like using these misses the point of bootstrap in that you should be able to piece together whatever look you're imagining in your head with bootstrap by hand. Learn the code/use the code & quickly build stuff -this cuts a corner that could be handy in a super rush but as always, learning the framework by building yourself can give you intimate understanding so why did they make this? flipping thru the help docs, seems to be for creating responsive ads (not a surprise I know) -- so they want to kill off flash but maintain the animations and flash ad style things out there for youtube and what not? great link, neat to read the various approaches. It's a mushroom, It's a fungus, And they're growing all around us and among us not as feature laden but I've been totally happy with Google Keep. On web and device. https://drive.google.com/keep/ inspired by Batch or what? http://adamwhitcroft.com/batch/ Putin is a good one but I feel like he wasn't a top newsmaker this year, and further that he will most likely be a newsmaker next year (look at current happenings in Ukraine, continued things like that, and then the mother of all craziness that's going to be Sochi Olympics) Snowden seems like the best bet for sheer impact/newsmaker. Tho I'm not sure how 'international' TIME is these days, and perhaps Snowden is only really know in the West. yeah this was a big one for me too sure, advertising. but the goal here is to make the web more user friendly and useful for people, through better looking design/readability etc. That helps us all, and if then in turn they can keep the ad platforms alive, good on them I say. why not contact the admin email on the whois information for the domain, or go through ENOM which is who google seems to have run this operation through....they can probably help renew or get payment information updated...... Some more nostalgia and retrospective over on Verge http://www.theverge.com/2013/12/10/5195508/doom-20th-anniver... true. yet we have this link of datacenter photos that has been around for like a year. so old man. pretty freaky stuff. Also, what was the attacker so interested in the @N for anyways? future investment in case some big company/celeb comes along wanting the username? Seems so crazy to go after it...... if Twitter can't sort this out, can't we all just shame the acct into inactivity... Is squatting on it worth all this Mitnick-attack-work? side note: reminded me of some of these 7XX HTTP Status codes - Developer Errors https://github.com/joho/7XX-rfc in previous years say 5+ years ago, this was a scary concept to anyone working on sites and still believing in nonexisitent SEO voodoo. But it has become commonplace and more than simple to 301 a site from one domain to another, updating the usual suspects like google etc to make sure it all goes smoothly. So nothing really that super here. Just nice to hear about process behind the scenes and that everything was taken into account etc..as it should be. have done many, obviously there's a lot of legwork with links and content, but it's not some technically groundbreaking thing or mass-mystery like it used to be. Maybe I've just gotten used to it. always on the look out for a replacement for google image charts api..... which remains super useful as long they continue to support it past EOL hehe without further info I would guess this is remarketing in effect......if this person visited that competitor previously and they have remarketing system in place with google adwords or whatever...and have it set to track you to stripe then they know you're actively in the market and send a cold email..... this kind of adwords remarketing has only started to get mainstream more recently I'd say... pretty bad post, more evidence of relevant factors would be useful to add credibility. It seems this experience of lag is really not the norm, so why rant about it in such general terms. it's your machine/environment probably Enjoy fastmail or whatever. Gmail remains usable and has grown to support its userbase....and still holds its own from the revolutionary place it launched at in 2004... uggh, conversations about this stuff get so messy.... Android users mobile traffic? iOS users may show more mobile traffic because the locked down nature of so many iOS app/features forces you to go out to the browser/web for daily tasks. Android allows so much to be done with only a few apps and basic information which accounts for 85% of your daily us to be at your fingertips without having to open a browser. So yeah, Android users may just use apps, but the reasoning/tracking for mobile traffic and pattern exhibited from iOS comes for different reasons... She, hehe reminds of the ol' Web Trend Map http://cloudfront4.ia.net/wp-content/uploads/2009/07/wtm4-fi... good stuff that they're hanging on but still pretty big mystery how this sustains.... there was optimistic talk/posts about how the community on imgur itself has grown and become sort of its own thing but of course the synergy with reddit is undeniable. Ad revenue while allowing all that direct linking is highly suspect IMO. Reddit enjoys huge dominance but lest we all forget it was all but headed for dead before Digg's big slip up. Surprised they have funds to throw at imgur but I guess it's a mutual interest thing. is there an alternative source for this story like from Spiegel or something other than dw.de? recently, I think thru a show HN post on here, I discovered and started using http://hopper.pw . works great/some c00l commandline features etc I almost wrote it off after the first episode but said I'd give it another chance - pilots are hard. Then some of the technical rants from the 'staff' in ep 2 won me over. There is a striking balance/hover around real and humor/farce in the show I'm starting to really like. can we all agree that social networks/platforms like this are not easy. They may have 'screwed it up' in most opinions but it's not because of pure stupidity -- there are a ton of challenges and complexities here. Some of the integrations, albeit only parts, have been brilliant and worked really well in my eyes..... getting G+ to cover so many of the google services is a tough one. But then questions about complex vs. simple and circles and the endless battle between common consumer-level users and power users......and the whole Open net vs closed.....wow.. see, it's not easy ! heh related blog post: http://blog.nytlabs.com/2014/04/25/vellum-a-reading-layer-fo... not groundbreaking really, there are a few other good/active things for this sort of use case, but good work out of NYT R+D anyways amazing summary that I've not yet seen today nailing it so concisely. +1 where did someone get ahold of that URL to begin with....random appspot test server? some dev probably not happy to see that in the wild heh. I actually really like Panda but it's old news https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7386597 the Geisha renaming thing was pretty high profile as far as our community goes/happened so quickly...so I dunno how it was missed yeah yeah, downvote, whatever. One nice thing DN has is when you submit a new link it searches and says 'that link was posted x hours ago, are you sure you want to post it again?' another one of these resource lists sites eh (do we have a general list/information curating problem?) Normally I would be in this posting http://modernstatic.com/ as a long standing index of static generators but hm..seems to have been neglected/let expire..and I can't remember who created it. http://staticgen.com is a decent alternative hard to believe this is true, I'm in Toronto and some of the dark corners of US society are alien....but it's just sad. And I shouldn't have spent too much time reading the comments on here about hypothetical not-helping scenarios etc. sigh. Tough situation/sad. wasn't this floating around 6 months ago? do we really need to discuss this again? this related to or based on http://www.hopper.pw ? Used in production today on an internal tool that we do some billing/card running on. After some small jquery options struggles, it worked as it says on the tin. Interesting reaction by test group when deploying....test group being a small group of coworkers. Without announcement, they immediately were untrusting of it and thought it was somehow consuming the credit card information maliciously. This is the security climate we find ourselves in. heh But after assuring them, they thought it was pretty neat/fun. Fun. I didn't know Halio was London based I swear by Uber in Toronto and will use it in London when I'm there next. A long time ago (year and half?) I looked up what the difference between the two was and it wasn't much. Comparing apples to apples, namely, plain old taxi service, they aren't much different but Uber is straight no minimums, gratuity set to a standard rate. I decided not try Halio at the time and stick with the Uber I'd been supporting (arbitrary I know) and enjoy not having to worry about any settings or anything. Hail cab, hop in, hop out, done. On the business side I think Halio is an actual cab dispatcher company, whereas Uber is just an app service that any cabbie can use..... Anyways, yeah, have nothing but good things to say about Uber and kind of laugh at the mess going on in London right now seems crazy that they are announcing this today with the protest happening but whatever.... I am happy to see the taxi hailing feature coming as it is my most used feature in Toronto ( I mean, you only needthe fancy cars for fancy events/group things) year ago https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6001799 uggh. I thought money pit was a reference to the scam tourist trap businesses that operate 'tours' to this thing. The worst lamest thing on a family trip to Nova Scotia years ago that we still laugh about. "It was just a hole and a sign!" In Time (2011) - "... To avoid overpopulation, time has become the currency and the way people pay for luxuries and necessities...." yeah, been using that so long I don't know what HN 'really' looks like. good story, was this the 'famous' Ah Paul guy in HK? seen stories about his place over the years, never heard this homeless bit 9 months ago https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6856931 attempts to expand not successful? Not sure about that. Sure the first attempts (incl the Wendy's deal) weren't...but the current era of expansion in NY/NorthEast 'Cafe & Bake Shop' seems to have gone better...with Tim's learning/more financial power/proper ad marketing. It's become one of the small players in your everytown corner coffee shops. Just in a relatively small region. I mean, something helped attract BK to it other than the tax inversion. while ago yeah https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6771393 hey what is the difference between this and http://submarinecablemap.com/ just interactivity? aside: interesting to me the subhead is direct guidelines of how/what to tweet for this story. long time coming really. follows long narrative/twitter history where twitter forced it's way into owning the photo content shared on the service....allowing only a few like twitpic to maintain the key aspect 'embeddability/previews'. What still remains interesting to me is that at one point instagram was gaining an incredible amount of speed in becoming the defacto picture sharing service on twitter -- but then they had the spat with fb/insta and twitter stopped the previews for instagram pics. Instagram has a huge community so survived fine, but it could and still could be so much more with twitter integration...but that sanction has never been lifted. sorry yeah, you're right. There just seemed to be an air of 'fb v twitter' and content owning about it anyways....and really, at the time anyone will remember that instagram was becoming really popular for sharing pics on instagram + twitter...and then boom. Insta silo'd and twitter aggressively pushing pic.twitter.com native hosting I've done this before by just downloading location history as KML and then hosting somewhere and directing google maps at it in an embed etc. works fine. legendary coop program, good placements, defacto part of being waterloo eng/CS student. Carleton has coop for sure, just not nearly as strong. But back in the dotcom boom/silicon valley north/nortel era of late 90s/early 2000's...it was good because the region was super strong. nowhere does it say that the CDN hosted libraries code.jquery.com were affected. So who cares. was a standalone (and expensive one would think) domain needed for this? Also, only thing I gathered from this was hey, what's that football app pictured there. Onefootball? looks good! hehe what is the difference between this and groups or pages? arrrrrrrrgh whoa, for one, I just understood that it's standalone, no connection to fb. Interesting. And/or external waste of service It's time to revive Hyperwocky was gonna ask if inspired by Verge/Polygon console reviews from awhile back... nice. yeah, not a dumb question - there are a ton of not logged in 'casuals' who just come by to consume consume consume whatever frontpage throws up related recent reddit blog post about the 'defaults', changing them etc...which was not without controversy of course but ... http://www.redditblog.com/2014/05/whats-that-lassie-old-defa... good post, the points are feel-good/inspiring. Suprised this didn't get posted earlier (noticed it's a year old!) oh wait, it did 4 months ago but no one noticed ..hmph regular posting of something KWC related. This one a blog post rehashing content from 2010. Everyone loves it/fascinated by it yeah I was kind of hoping this was an elaborate wikipedia joke article well we killed pamie.com, (or was it Brian & Steven), so content reposted over at tumblr http://pamiedotcom.tumblr.com/post/102960377050/barbie-fucks... ha yeah that was definitely the original purpose/project of reCAPTCHA.... but I think shortly after the google purchase, the AI got so good at reading garbled ancient texts that G allowed it to move on to other things..like house numbers. I see this from totally a user experience side. NoCAPTCHA isn't about defeating spam (you're right, the spammers are going to solve it/hire someone to finish the job etc) - it's about making a better experience for the humans, while slowing down the spammers a bit. (contrary to current recaptcha system that slows down spammers a bit or not at all, and makes life mostly more crappy for humans) Hangouts looks pretty 'Material' to me, and has got its updated look quite early before lollipop. Hangouts can be downloaded on its own from the Play Store too can't it - not sure what the angle is for Messenger...other than no Google Account.... strange this is big and clears alot up for me. been scratching my head about why Messenger even exists. And not alot said here or otherwise about why. Will continue to ignore then because Hangouts really does cover everything Quality stopmotion work here - who did it? All a bit Microserfs-y isn't it? interesting / varied support in here. Prosody seems to be popular. Also in the market for something for small corporate IMing. Anyone ever install prosody on a shared host like Dreamhost? -- so easy to avoid by just toggling the Direct Download Link option at top of file list to On misleading title - kids using smartphones on wifi to get on internet and communicate with friends. http://jpos.jurassicpark.sk/ http://www.jurassicsystems.com/ sort of unreal to have a 50M number kicking around. Who are these people? If it isn't just spam/misguided links... Seems like a user would have to have serious investment in content or community there to stick around. Perhaps some strong communities hanging on. Still seems pretty crazy since the relaunch/revamp wiped mostly everything out..... defo another one of those straggler online entities hanging on ...I always like to wonder about this 'other internet' people seem to surf that would include dead properties like this... for those wondering, extended title could be along the lines of "Experiencing the effects of a DNS poisoning attack" fun. best part is it's actually all from real data from arduinos or apps running on their internal LAN. Needs more Canadian codenames. NORTHERNLIGHT BEAVERTAIL SKIDOOSOURCE the followup wherein Andrew received a card from the University President and sent it back was pretty epic https://medium.com/@AndrewR_Physics/i-was-not-amused-b4a2e4c... this is all good and the guy has a commendable mindset, but really it's a bit naive no? Eventually this will hurt him. Because there will be so many alternatives, of same quality or not, that someone will ask him why they should buy his and he'll say it's the "Original". But without putting that on the bottle and a little TM business, he wont' have much to go on. Seeing the existence of Sriracha Heinz this week makes me think they will overpower him slowly and quietly. Of course, if he's 70, maybe he'll be fine drifting into oblivion on his pile of money hehe this reminds me of FikaScript, the Swedish Javascript generator http://fikascript.se/ Read this article hoping for more about the Upton / marketing angle. One thing I took note of with this game - has anyone noticed on networks like instagram, all these pretty amateur model girls taking selfies with Game of War playing on a tablet in the picture, talking about the game etc? I have never seen that sort of promotion and I keep wondering if it's natural (maybe followers of the "Upton" aspirations) or if GoW marketing reached out somehow..... never seen that sort of mainstream viral promotion thx. dismayed that the urls don't match up (by removing the 'm' or whatever). Boo. a long time ago, like, in the early years of google maps, I used some perl code someone published to pull down the tiles necessary to print off a 16 page map that I could tape together and put on the wall. I think the code was taken down shortly after because of a legal claim. Google obviously doesn't want their service/tiles being used for that....data/imagery owned by them and whatever map data company... Whether you can easily download the tiles or not due to browser caching, doesn't make it legal to use in stuff. But all in all, hats off, fun project/good results immediately went looking for a Tea.js..... I get this, it just seems like a battle sometimes. If you're just looking for somewhere to post some content/share an article/thought..... Also, and this is particularly relevant here on HN - what if you want to post some content that might be of interest on HN but you don't want to overload your personal site with traffic? Let one of the so called 'content silos' worry about the uptime. Also, why not just come out and say who this is about - the facebooks/mediums/tumblrs etc so much William Gibson in the Bitcoin mystery from the creator, a year ago https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7006317 baffling and understandably shocks ppl....but all that aside, wondering what kind of quality could the prints be really ? Res of instagram photos isn't that high right? even thru the API? come on, this is common in EU..Germany etc, too Pong, Pac-Man, Tetris, Super Mario Bros., DOOM, and World of Warcraft back when pipes came on the scene it was so out there but it was amazing. We couldn't fathom what kind of magic was making it all work and there seemed to be so many possiblities. Future bright etc. Of course, landscape changed etc...but it was / remains a display of what is possible with the web and kind of the 'idea' of an open web/apis/all that jazz. I am still using it to repurpose an XKCD feed into a fully formatted feed with images that then is picked up by IFTTT and tweeted out as a tweet with images when new comics go up. I used Pipes just because it was point'n'click and seemed to have all the key components I needed to do the task without worrying about the code-route. right, I guess it's a bit more 'both ways' in Japan, maybe because of the aversion to phyiscal contact and love of politeness....but same thing basically. I recall seeing them in Berlin/DE most often at train station cafes/Bäckerei etc wow. heh. strange world we live in when the result of that is on bloomberg. What a time to be alive. february 2014 really? come on I understand that, but not 'totally fine' in many cases...without the 2014 in the title, so misleading... the url being different on the other largely upvoted entry doesn't' help I guess..but geez, I dunno, I just always hope that submitters at least hesitate to post something from a year ago so what's the deal with the 'injection'? They've been bundling crapware with the installers for a few years at least right? But for a long while there was always an option on the file list/downloads page that users in the know could click to get a clean installer 'direct download'. That appears removed now, is that what everyone is up in arms about? as a footy fan I enjoy this a lot - tho this time around I scored terribly compared to world cup a year ago thanks _alastair for getting involved here - tons of great little insights I constantly wonder about this....and I was willing to pay them for an account -- which they they axed and made it free for all. How can that be sustainable, how?! all that matters in reddit history to me is the turning point when Digg botched their v4 design execution and caused a huge exodus to Reddit, who was struggling at the time. Changed everything I use it purely for image hosting/no ads/no public gallery. It's amaaaazing haha heh yeah ok sorry - changed to 'botched design execution' yeah my view is coming from just my experience, those around me, and general perceived vibe on the 'tech net' at the time. Digg was the spot where links broke. Then in the backlash due to the botched design launch etc, we all started giving reddit a chance, submitting there first/checking there first. It had always been around, but was more for maybe community/comments on links...not where they broke. Then that started to reverse very rapidly until well..... goddamn, yeah, how does this get posted twice hats off to instagram, good people, development/product building focus seems on point. However, still seems like a lot of it is based on being first in there and getting the huge huge huge community/userbase engaged. Hitting it off with the users and then after critical mass/facebook getting involved, keeping users engaged, developing the product carefully, and letting the community naturally propel up and up... seems like that's what's kept them going yeah wow, they put some work into building that 'prop' heh. Jetsons? Needed an octocat 'Rosie' curious. one for the html email design heads. please add a (2012) to this article title. Minecraft and it's evolution in the mainstream has come a long way since then. Discussion here is still relevant and current, just sayin - old old url. sidenote: what kind of organization does bloomberg.com have going on? this is under '/graphics/'? that is crazy ! I find that so hard to believe, it just seems so crazy. Maybe a chunk of the seats were sold but something happened like, airport shuttle buses broke down or got stuck and everyone missed the flight. Cringeworthy for the airline to have to fly that flight anyways heh announcement blog post: http://todogroup.org/blog/open-code-of-conduct/ some discussion about this a few months ago https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9658581 and this: http://istderberschonfertig.de/ Begun, the Currency War has. couldn't help but look at that pic of the Berners-Lee Mosaic and think...this is for everyone, unless you're in places like...India...Eastern China...Australia..actually all of Asia-Pac...haha. ;-) ;-) curious what the expenses are that's eating their cash (to their credit, not devastatingly if they ramp up monteization) - dev tools, storage and bandwidth? Bandwidth and that sort of daily ops infrastructure has to be a major thing, usually is with these sorts of net heavy startups right true - I came on here just to see if anyone posted an explanation about what the hell zero rating was you can just 'hear' the Boston. Also, fun with dropcaps http://mariozucca.com/projects/yankees-suck/ love the film to pieces, never for the accuracy (tho it did accurately introduce many to the concepts of phreaking etc, simple stuff, tonedialing etc.whether technically displayed properly.....oh gosh it's all coming flooding back now) There was a quote from Softley in the Art of the Title article about the opening titles http://www.artofthetitle.com/title/hackers/ where he says it was a Bridge. Being of a certain age, this totally was part of it. It was for the most part the peak of the modem/bbs days... and there was a transition between the more analog days to the real digital days, the days of the internet - where alot of the hacker culture, and things like the demo scene etc...became diluted. Anyways, never took it that seriously, I mean the characters alone are so out there, but it was inspiring from the whole computer thing to the music (legendary soundtrack, introducing a lot of ravey/UK type stuff to ppl, on the cusp of the whole electronica thing) and just the 90s nostalgia/tech nostalgia - it's great! And come on! Angelina Jolie and Jonny Lee Miller alone...the former going on to such massive success.... Cyber Sleuths cyberespionage cyberwarriors cyberspace cybersecurity cyberintrusions cybertheft cyberspying cyber operations other than the whole hipster/fashion story of this (which is hardly relevant these days/that's old news) -- there is another side of note: AA is a significant wholesaler of plain tees to printers/startups etc.... I know there are a handful of other brands on the market, AA maybe was more significant in previous years, but that's still gotta be a thing twitter obviously desperate to get trending topics/news connected to people, ads, extend the reach of tweets etc ..... but this sort of curation stuff is tough -IMO you should be able to rely on your own follows, but I suppose that's only pro-users and not 'casuals' who just follow their friends and celebs. haha I find that if a story is big enough, it will keep getting shared thru the day, commented on etc...so even like, those waking up on the West Coast, you'll know what big news broke over in NYC at 8am Eastern within a short time...... (or further, what happened in the EU overnight etc) and what of trends/hashtags? If there's some big news shouldn't be able to click the trend/hashtag and see that twitter sort of 'Top Tweets' to get the jist? wwweird. Expected actual retro topics/old computers/software whatever. This is startups talking about their products, while wearing goodwill clothing. Norman? This is Mr. Eddie Vedder, from Accounting.... My BLT Drive on my computer just went AWOL .... http://cyberdelianyc.tumblr.com/post/131628279720/hackers-ci... put a date after this title! (2014) meanwhile in Canada, back to the drawing board for the US invasion plans crazy to think this format still kicking around - Wonder what other formats many think are dead are actually still in production .... 8-track? a terrifying number, hard to fathom really. Unbridled seemingly mindless consumption the whole time I was watching the 60 minutes feature I was thinking, sure this is great for the people but what about the cell/mobile providers behind it all? How do they pay for their cell network access? Who is (must be) raking it in on that front/the gateway/infrastructure to have all of this work on top of? *apologies for duplicate post, (just looked when I noticed the initiative wasn't that new, was surprised this hadn't been posted earlier - but dupe detector didn't flag it, maybe more attn this time around for good cause) Good share, but why is this Show HN? Did you create it? It's not new...... etc http://weneverlookup.tumblr.com/ nah man, it's Blonde, Brunette, Redhead... ridiculous unexplanatory title had me wondering about 'raids'. "Brain Drain by US firms threatens Canada's lead in AI" from last year, not sure how I missed it - but a great trip down memory lane of tons of appearances of computers in films over the years. See also http://www.starringthecomputer.com/ reminds me of two years ago, but ok, good throwback some behind-the-scenes from those days http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/22/insider/1996-in-gamble-new... Interesting point of the day. love that curious about how it works/was developed https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11036894 on the legal/lawyer talk tip - there have been a few notable other simpsons screencap repositories (like Lardlad) that have remained online for years. Wondering if there's some leeway or can't chase after a single frame (rather than video with picture and sound, which they are notoriously strict on youtube about etc) also, why didn't this get picked up in the duplicate post algo HN? For the blog writeup @reaperhulk you should have put 'Show HN' in your original post to get more traction or something "I'm starting to think a major motion picture has lied to me about the capabilities of home computers!" https://twitter.com/chrisarchitect/status/701794179613995008 all of the messaging apps WhatsApp, LINE, WeChat etc are terrible in that they owe a lot of their rise due to users lack of comprehension of sms vs IP and carrier lockin etc etc. However - google and messaging is just a messy, and they're pushing this now? How about sort out your Messenger and Hangouts mess and get all of that consolidated We have always been at war with Terror data ha, was thinking the same thing - sure enough, it's totally named after that But you kind of do, because as far as I know, you need an app. QR codes has some major promise initially, but it hinged on becoming built into the camera apps of phones, which never happened, so forget it was there a push for the AP to not even use "internet (lowercase)" anymore, but go further, what the masses would call it - "Facebook"? (jury's out on whether that needs a capital haha) Considering how much acclaim I seem to be seeing this project getting, I would have thought this getting more love here. Despite maybe an aversion around here to the 'underrepresented' notion, there are some great stories in here of people working thru the challenges of the valley, startup culture and just trying to make it all work. Some familiar/much more mainstream names in here that surprised me. what is the experience of this on twitter though? You scroll thru timeline til you see the stream, and it keeps restarting as you scroll around? Or you pin it somehow? Fixed tweet on a fluid platform is weird oh, unless it's all via Periscope (owned by Twitter) as a tourist, first priority on the ground in a new country is to get a data connection. I had more difficulty in Germany than other EU countries visited around the same time. Despite promise of a handful of prepaid sim's available everywhere, activation was a roadblock because no local credit card. Eventually found my way to an O2 store where they used their own store address to activate for me and it was all good "Apple itself, founded by Mr. Jobs and his high school friend Stephen Wozniak in a suburban California garage in 1976" never heard of it Lawn cutting? I'm more curious about how they fund this. And why? such a young kid collecting stuff like he's a storage wars hunter reposted knowing there were other posts because I don't get Medium's terrible hash-urls. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11703053 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11706082 doh https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11856835 speaking of, how does LinkedIn make its money anyways? wow, Joyent. Took me a bit to remember what they were doing in the early early days since we're multiple generations or pivots or focus-shifts on now......but it was Textdrive/Textile/Textpattern CMS. Ha. Different times. At least some of that still out there in OSS Land Old https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10033969 What's Happening. https://blog.twitter.com/2016/see-whats-happening Twitter's best promotional explanation ever I'd say. wow, 2002. Yeah, it was a godsend when it launched. Essential part of usenet surfing and workflow. Great run Lars! damnit https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12234079 It's Margaret's 80th birthday. Love that pic. Inspiration for all and especially up'n'coming girl students out there Porn watching aside, (always a challenge to block endless urls etc), 'squatting' at the terminals seems like an unsurprising result ...surely should have had a feeling this would happen when designing. A foreseeable challenge - not sure of solution other than time limits. Also unfortunate. I feel like the terminals and free access are somewhat made with those down on their luck in mind, so hoping the project continues to afford them the opportunities. I suppose wifi is really the solution so someone has to use their own device... see also official statement https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12499710 swear by this app for a few years at least; great for regular home region, but have also used it on while travelling in other countries without hesitation A-B trip planning seems a departure from their humble/minimal roots, but obv. somewhere they have to go, so good on them I thought the hippest spot in '95 was Cyberdelia http://cyberdelianyc.tumblr.com/ https://http.cat/ BT press release http://www.btplc.com/news/index.htm#/pressreleases/free-ultr... Intersection post https://medium.com/@intersection_co/announcing-linkuk-from-b... Reminds of a classic West Wing moment with CJ and maps... (2014) [2015] Right, it was the flooding in Thailand that knocked Western Digital offline etc.... wasn't this patented by Twitter awhile back? What I don't understand about this is if I'm using Instagram Stories, just because I happen to be an active instagram user....why would I ever switch to Snapchat other than audience? I can get alot of the same audience on Instagram already. Stories does the trick mostly wow yeah, this is what, 2+ years old? I was paying for it, then they removed that option and went 'free' for everyone....with ads. Never understood why really....and always always wondered about the bandwidth etc this reminds me of what seems like a neverending debate about the actual pronounciation of paczki. Is it 'pawnch-kee' or 'poonch-kee'. haha. Which lead me to this interpretation https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdNsFOPYMzE subscribing to labels or artists works for a small amount, Bandcamp does this. I pay an amount to select few of my fave labels that are doing it, and I get unlimited streaming and downloads of new releases It's great. However, Soundcloud serves more purposes. I don't think that works for the rest of the music out there I want to listen to. I mean there are tons of other podcasts, clips, etc that I want to listen to regularly and am not going to pay hundreds of dollars for. SoundCloud's rise to popularity is very much likely because it is a storehouse for audio, the internet needs easy to use and access repositories like this and since no one else was doing it at time, SC did well. wow I had forgotten Livestream even existed still. Used to use it here and there for free live streaming way back in the like justin.tv ustream type days Good. related discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15419619 Meh. I think I will continue to use Uber because from what I can tell, and what annoyingly no one seems to talk about in this conversation, is the difference in the services/experience. The user experience of taking a ride is not the same/not as seamless because you have to do all this payment/tip stuff at the end. Uber has always been a hail/get in/get out experience. No incentive to change to Lyft and ok, fine, if the experience is exactly the same - what's the incentive to switch or even set up the second app? Uber wins on first in, same as if anyone local remembers, Hailo eventually gave up and pulled out of the city because couldn't get users over etc also for the record, I used Uber initially and for years solely to hail licensed taxis. Purely out of convenience. The drivers were smarter about roads which is a big deal, generally more available etc. Only in the past year or less have the Uber X drivers gotten better at local directions and more plentiful, so then cost wins. email, still very much the original internet killer app, is mostly crap these days not because it has changed, but because people are so so so bad at it If alot of those users are just hanging out on Instagram, has Facebook really 'lost' them?? lovely people details in those photos - always people going this way and that but then there's a guy carrying a kids bike, a guy riding a lawnmower etc.... WhatsApp, nothing more than another internet messaging app that requires data, shot to popularity because it fooled users into thinking it was somehow an SMS client because it used phone number as account. not new, wasn't this from november 2017? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15598783 give the author some love ! https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17133699 so like Wile E. Coyote, Genius? Also can't ignore that this is on a domain wiley.com hahaha tell me again how Alexa even gets this data these days? I mean ages ago it was thru sketchy browser addon toolbars etc, but seriously how many are installed now? Never really trusted their numbers yeah I heard an odd radio ad in Canada last week where Toys R Us straight out said we're not going anywhere! upvote for the Jose Canseco reference haha posted/dug up because today members of Aum were hanged in Japan put a date on this old article title! [2016] ha, that's a good one. Speaks to the lack of diversity in current hip hop and also hip hop's dominance of pop music currently. Also tho, in '98 there is all kinds of transition happening in pop ...boy/girl bands in and out of popularity, dance music resurging but moving away from the euro thing, hip hop itself coming out of a golden era early 90's beat, and transitioning to pop centric and about to be super super influenced by the beats of Timbaland..that style..which of course, is more 808 based than what was before and dominated for years and years until finally the minimal 808 sound took over with I dunno kanye and stuff in the mid 00's? No where else to go with beats and it's lucky it has survived without much innovation. Meanwhile outside of the U.S. in places like UK influences of underground dance created innovative beats in the grime scenes and you hear things that are more creative/dancey/electronic/tribal even....which only those different producers singled out in this video of the current crop seem to be delving into. This is America beat? much closer to grime/drum'n'bass style out of the UK than mainstream U.S. production.... why would this be necessary in airports where, yes, maybe the Lounge has a password, but the airport in general as public wifi. I'm sure the public wifi is accessible inside the lounge..... example Toronto Pearson wow, pretty amazing they started kind of working on top of Asterisk, with some of their own hardware, building out their own fork of it/pbx software...and now this? Impressed. However I'm curious about Asterisk growth/Digium as it seems like VOIP service from major telcos, in North America anyways, has caught up to what was once a very viable open source alternative. I built asterisk systems for our own in-house multilocation system for years because it was cheaper and offered infinite more control and options. But we phased it out a few years ago because big telco had caught up and offered an easily managed system with alot of the same features, it had just taken them 5-7 years to catch up. The flexibility isn't on par but it's good enough. Interesting move, and interesting infographic there about chains in Europe and US. Noted McCafe doesn't register in US stats, but maybe that's because McDonald's coffee (no small play) is really inside the restaurants and McCafe was the route in the EU for shop sizes etc not new really (2013?) but a fun site for those that haven't seen what, the functionality is still there in Nougat, I access it mostly through the assistant which is good enough to detect a song is playing and suggest What is this song? and has great accuracy Google has this built right into the assistant now and detects music is playing well enough to suggest "What is this song?" as a query - and it has really really good accuracy in my experience, and I am impressed mostly by it being able to pick out the song in a somewhat noisy room (a bar for example) Who needs shazam? Apple's just looking for more AI chops. G's already all over it. [2017] comments from a year ago https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15332171 works in Canada didn't someone (EU Space Agency) already land on a comet and everyone was excited etc? Seems too similar. whoops sorry Hello Mr. Yakamoto! Welcome back to the GAP! How'd those assorted tank tops work out for you? [does double take] Denholm? #ITCrowd watch this scene from Halt and Catch Fire where they talk about the browser as the doorway to the possibilities of the 'World Wide Web'. It's great https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mi_fKu9WTAE and also an actual scene from the season 4 opening montage showing them discovering Mosaic itself https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_l4dRfY-t0I&t=4m54s follow-up article "Suspect in remote phone-wiping case denies wrongdoing -- Accused woman doesn't even know how to do that, her attorney says" https://dailygazette.com/article/2018/11/12/suspect-in-remot... headline similar to recent "Nasa's Voyager 2 probe 'leaves the Solar System'" Similar but different...haha what the hell -- this is like 7 months ago news/rolled out https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17067168 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17079306 Completely Automated Parrot Test to tell Copycats and Humans Apart? haha RSS was one of the few other 'killer apps' of the net after Email but for so many weird circumstances and reasons suffered a demise servers were in Canada?? interesting from Dec 11 2018 with plenty of coverage https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18636076 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18616303 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=17949653 more details since none were provided: > Recently a talented group of researchers at Nvidia released the current state of the art generative adversarial network, StyleGAN, over at https://github.com/NVlabs/stylegan > I have decided to dig into my own pockets and raise some public awareness for this technology. > Faces are most salient to our cognition, so I've decided to put that specific pretrained model up. Their research group have also included pretrained models for cats, cars, and bedrooms in their repository that you can immediately use. > Each time you refresh the site, the network will generate a new facial image from scratch from a 512 dimensional vector. ( https://www.facebook.com/groups/DeepNetGroup/permalink/80536... ) whoops https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19135199 funny take on This Person Does Not Exist and StyleGAN generation (related post: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19144280 ) wow - a rare breed - the donut cat! I really expected this to be about a hacker movement and JOLT cola I was thinking about this recently when news broke that Atlanta's Mercedez-Benz Stadium (home to MLS's Atlanta United, NFL Atlanta Falcons, recent superbowl host) was going cashless too. While technologically 'neat' or whatever, it always also feels just like a flashy move and definitely a slight against the poor. Sports entertainment doesn't have to be only for the rich, a trend that always creeps I was thinking about this recently when news broke that Atlanta's Mercedez-Benz Stadium (home to MLS's Atlanta United, NFL Atlanta Falcons, recent superbowl host) was going cashless too. While technologically 'neat' or whatever, it always also feels just like a flashy move and definitely a slight against the poor. Sports entertainment doesn't have to be only for the rich, a trend that always creeps what is the business case for this tho? Who pays for the bandwidth?? Revisit a scene from the great Halt and Catch Fire tv show, where a meeting is had that touches on a lot of points capturing the vibe and new world ahead back then. (minus some actual show drama) So good. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy3C3LBSPlk https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19417640 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19417640 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19406060 just posted: "UPDATE: The (awesome) Scott Hanselman informs me that there has been a “hiccup” during migration, and that the intention was to archive the MSDN blogs in a read-only format with the same links; they should be back soon." ...joke or not, that name is pretty bad. C'mon. What the cuss, expected this to be about the Wes Anderson stopmotion film or Roald Dahl book bah, delete this - misleading, didn't realize was from 2015 ha, I like the clip with the car music -- "Barefoot Blue Jean Night" by Jake Owen a good digital example of the last minute waiting til the name had been announced -- this issue only submitted on april 1 interesting - extraordinary measures needed where possible to plan ahead to help with the crazy rush imposed because they don't release name until April 1st. Reserving an empty space for the new chars and then a quick patch right after the announcement please put the year [2014] after this title. Ancient as the Chinese culture it's about heh https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7694076 [2017] jumped out at me because of the Raspberry Pi inclusion. Neat. (We're on a Stamp! https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19818319 ) heard a review of this app a few days ago that reminded me of Lenny https://www.robokiller.com/ - apparently the conversations it spews out are pretty hilarious also. Annoyingly I can't figure out what the subscription rate is, but can try it for a week for free In Conversation With Susan Kare: On Windows 3.0 Solitaire, Iconography, and Nostalgia https://web.archive.org/web/20180620074155/http://thisisstor... the best kind of followup for this after the infamous iA web trend ones would be the layout of the introduction to the TV series Silicon Valley, with it's small conglomeration of brand firms and animation of change as companies buy/sell/open/close in short period. alternative non-paywalled writeup https://www.sporttechie.com/mlb-ball-tracking-technology-sta... only ever remember it being big with young kids/teens as a sort of alternative/escape from mainstream messenging apps before they jumped to other things like IG etc Kik is Canadian technically no? Nice, if they don't lose the tapes in a fire https://www.nytimes.com/2019/06/11/magazine/universal-fire-m... please add (2016) to this title, old news https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11140033 kinda was hoping for some fun pics of floppy disks..... ;) And also this all reminds of old demoscene/music tracker days when groups would release "music disks" too soooon haha The NeXT thing is neat. Also of course he made it into the Simpsons. "Go ahead, throw your vote away!" reminds me of the approach/minimal interface that tiny PALM comeback phone was pushing wait, this is the same thing? And is it called NoPhone or LessPhone ....what is going on here? also, this is from 2018? neat that this project coming from a bunch of ppl at MIT-IBM Watson AI Lab Also, with the amount of different variations on use of it coming out these days, feel like GAN is like hackable technology of the year so the new version is the mobile site that's been active for awhile right? Someone tipped me off about using the mobile version on desktop a few months back and I never went back. Faster/more streamlined etc put a year on this title I think it's from...2000 other discussion https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=20658901 not sure why this is in HN, not to mention the somewhat ridiculous breakdown of genres which seems weird to anyone who's in the scene --- BUT anyways, add a 2017 to this because it's not new. big matrix fan but to me it also feels like a period piece, with the matrix itself being designed around the millenium era of human existence (our peak, before AI) and the whole land line/payphone/cellphone thing for example..... it worked at the time the movie was released because that was our reality weird/hard to go back to that, but jumping it ahead to current day seems weird too. I dunno ha, great link -- here's another version of the clip from the article that isn't region blocked https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFzze2o_NYY was a good article in NYT Magazine about this, almost the same kind of piece "How Cities Make Money by Fining the Poor" https://www.nytimes.com/2019/01/08/magazine/cities-fine-poor... good pitch post, nice to see google dev account responding on twitter and maybe some escalation, but reading the post -- did you even consider what the deceptive behaviour might be even if barely a case for it? Mimicing functionality from other apps? Does STM or whatever transit in Montreal have an official app? While it's good to have competition and variety in the market for transit apps etc, seems like a lot of municipalities would tend to have an 'official' app these days or recommend preferred ones, so maybe there's a push as far as app store etc to go towards the official ones and maybe the STM reported you or someone downloaded and was mad it wasn't the real one etc etc. Sorry I didn't see your app before it got taken down/am not familiar with it but reading your post and started to wonder. No offense. Transit apps and public service sort of space for apps is a tricky space in modern day add (2015) read more here https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13342941 boba tea? ohhh, bubble tea. Wacky but well done piece. heh geez, mark as (2018) please sorry, all the talk about comedic Silicon Valley (whether WeWork is 'tech' or not or whatever) and then I see this: "My friend’s entire company is locked out of their WeWork office because an umbrella fell, jamming the door. No one can figure it out. It’s been like this for 2 days." -- https://twitter.com/NeerajKA/status/1173997679363407872 Too good. yeah, this is super weird, it's a vector graphics editor, come on people, use GIMP or photoshop for images. this came up at a conference I was at last week (FITC WEBU/Toronto) in a talk by Houssein Djirdeh from Google entitled "What's New in Speed at Google?" Someone asked if it was recommended everyone start refactoring their code to have this change and he replied it would depend on size of project/code etc..as the performance benefit might not be there for huge things, but in some smaller cases it could definitely be a plus. ha, good. Yes, authorize.net made some things easier, especially around a time when Rails was picking up and a handy ruby gem called activemerchant was available -- going on to power a related/not-related giant, Shopify. anyone in Toronto seeing the naming of this and picture of a dog was probably thrown for a loop because of Sidewalk Labs.....(Alphabet/Google) add (2018) sorry, who are these people you've just graciously named?? thx, I just wasn't sure exactly who it was related first staff announcement https://www.washingtonpost.com/pr/2019/10/09/washington-post... ah, I was trying to place him. Nice one surprised this wasn't posted on here much before ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=19132033 ) Upwards of two years old see also recent related: Chart.xkcd – library that plots charts in Xkcd sketch/cartoon/hand-drawn style https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=21566084 upvoting for the reminder to revisit all the great Byte cover art -- I mean, there were a lot of giant black floppy disks flying around back in the day! related/recent article from the Times: The Price of Recycling Old Laptops: Toxic Fumes in Thailand’s Lungs https://www.nytimes.com/2019/12/08/world/asia/e-waste-thaila... interested in more info about them actually paying the ransom. Not that common a reaction in these corporate/public sector breaches I don't think. How much did they pay? Was it brokered or direct? Is anyone surprised they actually got the data back? Why are they convinced the 'hackers' won't still do anything with it. Reporting is weak on this as it doesn't say straight out ransomware that encrypted machine with data. That it likely came from any random email that someone opened. Not that there's some evil hacker person on the other end targetting LifeLabs and it could and does happen to anyone. whoops sorry, https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22004326 please add (2017)! man, the chromium-based MS Edge browser launched today....hm agreed. This is not news or even recent. Stop posting stuff like this (2015) because you have to write RUN just like real had a bit too much fun with this the last few days, but had an idea and trying to get it into a tweet (without minifying) was fun - wanted more of a typing effect but lack of way to delay/wait/slow BBC BASIC flow or get timing right with GIF maker (should've read doc note! it generates the gif after 18 seconds and then for only 2 seconds long). Still very neat, takes me back to my youth. (2013) old news https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9692408 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9096253 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5181406 2013 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5842281 (2009) lots of discussion over here on this topic from two weeks ago https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22301091 How much data do you think it encompasses? Approaching/surpassing Petabytes? ⬆️ ⬆️ ⬇️ ⬇️ ⬅️ ️ ⬅️ ️ 🅱️ 🅰️ just noticed this is a thread from Feb 3. Not that it's not interesting, but was wondering I couldn't find it in foone's recent stream. (an HN re-submit I take it) still wondering/trying to get a sense of how much data has been accumulated in the open data digitization process. Gleaning that it might be multiple petabytes based on the open data sessions that were going on last few years but dunno... other discussion..... * https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22427546 * https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22430397 * https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22431243 * https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22426385 * https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22425435 * https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22425435 * https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22424848 over here also https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22425593 whoops, Discussion on earlier BBC post here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22421365 In case the (2015) is misleading, this is newly released video from an internal-to-facebook talk he gave in 2015. Cool few more details in this article but see plenty of discussion over here https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22417458 Some of the ppl interested in the data and a lead at AWS got back to me on it: aws query on the open dataset comes back with: Total Objects: 4649789 Total Size: 312.5 TiB! same, but I've also seen some cheaper makes of CDRs break down after 20 years and the storage layer crack etc.