The root problem with Bitcoin isn't the program, it's the money supply equation. Deflationary currencies fail exactly because they are too volatile, which is the anti-thesis of designing a currency to be held as an asset. Imagine currency like the oil in an engine. Someone needs to create a coin that rewards mining by giving them futures contracts on the currency and still deflating it. Sales oriented companies derive a majority of their accounting book value from their client list. When a salesman leaves, they can solicit clients and thereby the value of the company can rapidly diminish. Fair is fair, right? What's best for the customer is best for the economy, right? ...well, now imagine an industry where sales oriented companies have essentially no stable book value. They cannot get loans securitized by the value of their book, and therefor cannot invest in growth or innovation. In the end it is a race to the bottom. A reasonable balance exists whereby employees are bound by a 2-3 year non-compete clause that prevents them from stealing clients. Markets are still competitive within 2-3 years, and since everyone has these clauses, employee value is retained. Sales oriented companies derive a majority of their accounting book value from their client list. When a salesman leaves, they can solicit clients and thereby the value of the company can rapidly diminish. Fair is fair, right? What's best for the customer is best for the economy, right? ...well, now imagine an industry where sales oriented companies have essentially no stable book value. They cannot get loans securitized by the value of their book, and therefor cannot invest in growth or innovation. In the end it is a race to the bottom. A reasonable balance exists whereby employees are bound by a 2-3 year non-compete clause that prevents them from stealing clients. Markets are still competitive within 2-3 years, and since everyone has these clauses, employee value is retained. Turnout would certainly be higher, but it's not clear that it would be a "better" representation of the country. The electoral college distribute power, to some degree, based on geography. Geography is correlated with a large number of other "diversities" of American culture, from race, population density, to industry, to global warming risk, etc... Switching it to a straight majority would take power away from all of these subsets of society. This election, it seems, it was "white rust belt" Americans that decided the election. In Gore vs Bush, it was Florida. Next time, it will be something else. It's all highly imperfect and somewhat random, but I see danger in solidifying power in what essentially will be people who live in cities. It's also a question of whether the borders of a state breaking away remain valid. While the cities of LA and SF might support secession, the rural residents occupying the remaining 98% of the actual territory in California would want to stay. Agreed. Although in this case we don't if the initial report was fake or not. It's just unverifiable. It's entirely possible that some local cable tech decided to play a prank on a specific neighborhood where the tweeter lived. ...it wouldn't be the first time. In a world where news is so commoditized, interpretation is so rare If a surface temperature of −179.5 °C isn't enough to stop someone, logic never will. The point is that we are far far further away than commonly accepted. The day a computer can distinguish between a plastic bag in the road and a child is the day I'd support them on the road. This does not include storage costs to offset the cyclic nature of solar. I have a hard time imagining these exact same four points not being equally urgent if we were ushering in a Clinton administration. From an IT perspective, I think it's more important to recognize the increasing complexity and chaos of our security environment, and recognize that governments are not homogeneous objects, but themselves composed of good actors and bad actors. Engage the good, protect yourself from the bad. I think this would be your answers if you want to be questioned further. The amount of energy used actually makes it less likely to be intelligence. It's times like this I'm glad I have a country block setup through ipdeny. Reducing the likelihood of attack by two orders of magnitude is a big help until there's a patch. Looks like a bot to me. Literally only pastes links. I'd suspect that some of the websites it links to generate ad-rev, while the wikipedia and reddit links are there to obfuscate the purpose of the bot. It's simple logic. If you notice, both the Reddit and HN source have the same source url. You don't think there's any value in reducing penetration attempts by 2-3 orders of magnitude? I went from seeing an attack every few seconds to one per day/week. Doesn't using a .com TLD mean they are subject to DNS seizure in the US? ...although maybe it'll redirect once they launch. I'd love to have a global map with more granularity than just country level. Is that in the works? He's a complete random element. I literally have no idea what he's going to do. ...maybe that's a good thing? Everything that was "reliable" in the past let us down. The frequencies are roughly the same as what is used for LTE cell phone traffic. Which means they are probably looking for a frequency that has the same atmospheric, foliage, and construction material absorption, and range. Not sure it tells you much. They are obviously also limited to what portions of the spectrum are available. People don't really have a problem with immigration. They have a problem with terrorism. The various eastern European migrations subsequent to the fall of communism did not come with terrorism. A common use-case is tabs that are streaming music. I'm not sure if most users are even aware of pinned tabs. This is a great example of how fear of something possibly happening, gives a larger audience the illusion that it will happen. Literally no one in the administration has even suggested, ever, that they'd delete climate data. The problem is that we have news channels that mimic entertainment. The reality of the executive orders actually being signed are nearly identical to previous Republican administrations. What's different is the reporting. Is there a comprehensive list of ALL stars within 50/100/200/etc light years? Clear from the judges order that this only helps those few immigrants caught in transit during the order being signed. There's a difference between giving your boss honest feedback, and being obstructionist. Encouraging honesty is great, but at the end of the day, you still need to follow orders. Tata is just one of MANY similar companies. ...even if they only did this for the top 20/50/100 changes, it would be well worth it. Isn't it reasonable that all requests be provided "at cost"? Maybe at a $/hour corresponding to the federal minimum wage? I don't think FOIAs should be free nor anonymous. I imagine foreign governments would exploit that to try to probe for information. Marketers also have the 99% / 1% rule. They aren't coming up with new marketing slogans all day long. They come up with 1 good idea per quarter and then go through the painstaking process of fleshing it out, testing it with groups, presenting it to management, getting design teams to execute, managing a project/budget/schedule, etc... This is a general human rule that most people spend WAY too much time criticizing the effort of those of us who are working. They aren't going to inspect the HD partitions at the border. They clone for a later time - at which point, you'd already be admitted and are not obliged to assist them. As another investor, the stock has already gone up 650%. You should probably look at another company to buy. Never buy during the hype. The predominant theory, though, is that the bombardment was caused by changes within our own solar system, not from outside - per your link I find it interesting that the public has a good understanding of our solar system, and recognizes images of our galaxy as a whole, but if you ask them anything about the layout of what's in between, they have no clue. PBS (and thus NPR) federal funding might be on the chopping block with the next federal budget, so it's not surprising to see pieces trying to get out ahead of that. I grew up on NRP, and I LOVE This American Life, Garrison Keillor, and the reruns of Click and Clack, but I'd be lying if I didn't admit that they have a pretty left leaning agenda. The Brian Lehrer show used the anniversary of Pearl Harbor to discuss how Trump might create Muslim concentration camps in America. I manage several GSuite accounts. The tech support staff is friendly and helpful, but if the problem is outside their list of known issues or current outages, they're basically useless. They aren't developers and they have no access to investigate underlying system data/logs, let alone resolve anything. ...and that's where the true problem with Google is. There's no mechanism to report/escalate a well-defined and reproducible technical bug - even as a technical sysadmin with a paid account. ...and if a data issue only impacts a small number of people, it'll never get fixed. The GSuite forums are bombarded with usability questions, and real tech issues are given the old "let's see which FAQ I can post to get some karma" response. Calling the help desk might get the issue escalated, but it's far far more time consuming than if I could just put a normal bug report together with a screenshot. For PCI Compliance purposes, at least, holding user credit card information is already seen as a liability because maintaining compliance is a cost center. That's why there's been some shift towards tokenizing transactions on the fly and directly submitting to the CC company via javascript so that shopping websites never see your CC number even when you enter it on their website - even if you're scheduling future payments. Maybe we should include other data elements under PCI or similar regulations. SSN? I imagine HIPAA has similar requirements and associated costs. I think it's disingenuous to claim that's all that's being removed from Facebook in Germany, even today. My wife is German and she's seen pages/profiles get banned that are just generally anti-immigration. ...but the only they ran this story was to target Trump. ...and even still, what's happening in Yemen is barely mentioned. Obama was just as complicit with what was happening and no one published anything about it. You can buy drugs with it online. ...and also pay ransomware ransoms. tl;dr - Exchanges go bankrupt More generally, the issue is that it solidifies control to the two political parties participating in the "I cut you choose" game, which are both incentivized to marginalize any 3rd party. I wonder if the game can be fairly expanded to X number of parties? I'm starting to think FPTP is at the root of all of our problems. There is a big misconception about nuclear attacks. Full scale nuclear war with a adversary like Russia is indeed an apocalypse scenario, but a single lowish yield nuclear detonation by a nation like North Korea is very very survivable, if you are prepared. I have a similar evac plan with a bug-out bag that I gave my wife to keep at her work. For nuclear attack specifically, she is instructed NOT to leave her work and hunker down in their concrete basement for two weeks. Even being much closer to an estimated ground-zero, she is far safer in their well-shielded basement than trying to get home in the open fallout zone. The bag has enough rations, batteries, water, first-aid, etc for that period. Fallout zone radiation levels take about 2 weeks to drop to safe levels, at which time she has a printed google map for her to walk the 20 miles home. My job is to grab the kids at school and hunker down in our basement where we have more exhaustive supplies, and ultimately get the hell out of town together. Fallout is the biggest killer. Using http://nuclearsecrecy.com/nukemap/ , and unfortunately fallout is highly dependent on wind direction - an important unknown on that day. Given the unknowns and the likelihood that roads will be quickly impassible, it is best to prepare at home. It takes two feet of concrete or packed dirt to block radiation to a safe level, and that includes ABOVE you. Wood provides almost no protection. ...but if you do have a basement, then you can make a plan to place very heavy items (appliances & server racks) on the first floor above you and vehicles and stones/dirt/etc around that part of the house. Fallout settles on surfaces, so it's a good idea to trim bushes and trees directly around that shelter - you want the fallout to hit the ground, not settle at a higher angle above you. ...and if you're in Hawaii or other coastal area and have easy access to a boat, that might be the best option because fallout sinks and there are no traffic jams at sea. In reality, you would be very hard pressed to get 51% of all global wealth to agree on anything. Today, it is pockets of ~1% wealth screwing over their regional 0.00001% constituents. Ethereum forces a global authority :) The point of "code is law" is to replace the legal system. Laws are, after all, code. Programmers are the new lawyers. The problem with the "hack" was that our laws/code are still incredibly primitive. I don't have an issue with the rollback - because that's part of the design, and I really doubt they'll be able to do that again if the ownership of ETH spreads out more. These problems will work themselves out. There are numerous other coins. Pick the one you think is better and buy it. What happens when these issues are addressed at the hardware level. Are users on new chips going to continue to live with performance nerfs to protect those who haven't upgraded, or will patches and fixes detect some CPU feature that IDs it as a "fixed" CPU... of course spoofing that will have its own security implications. Yes, but almost exclusively those who die are immune compromised, under 5 months old, or elderly. What's terrifying is healthy adults dying of flu. Same here. ...and while I can teach some basics to my 4 year old, there is absolutely nothing I can do about my 2 year old in daycare. The Plague was one of the major causes of the contraction of Eastern Roman empire. Never underestimate the ability of a disease to shift the balance of political power in the world. Ethereum actually uses a reduced version of this to accept portions of competing chains so as to be more efficient. There's no question that Intel's response is entirely dictated by the legal ramifications of the coming lawsuits. ...but irrespective of that, it ALSO appears that there's no leadership within Intel to actually fix the underlying issue. I don't care if the PR is BS - that's what I expect. But if the chips are not fixed the right way, I'm taking my business elsewhere, and I'm not alone. So are we saying that since nothing is getting fixed in that interim period, that AMD chips suffer much less performance impact due to their lesser exposure to the issue? Agreed, but I don't think it changes the bulk of what he's talking about. Why would a website go down during a government shutdown? It actually takes more work to turn it off, doesn't it? Is Twitter really the official way to notify people of danger? Or is there also a cell phone warning system? One thing I often add to my search terms is the site: tag to restrict results to, say stackexchange, reddit, etc... In the past it's been a necessity to get non-spam results on DuckDuckGo. I'm not sure how needed it still is. Any thoughts? For those running a beefier router - there are great solutions at the router level to protect the entire home network. I honestly don't know what use-case remains for Bitcoin. If you have large value transactions you'd probably choose something with privacy like Monero, and if you want something cheap and fast, maybe Bitcoin Cash. In both use-cases, you have a few competing alternatives. In no circumstance is Bitcoin preferable to one of the mature alternatives. ...and if no one is using it as a transaction medium, then acting as a store of value is better placed in an actively used coin network. It's not so simple. You only need one exchange, anywhere in the world, that will exchange Monero for non-banned cryptos, and the market will flow freely. I think this misses the point that we are using our dollars inefficiently. Between race and socio-economic status, the later has a stronger correlation to health and so it should be used as the main indicator directing where/how to spend those healthcare dollars. When it comes to people's health, these dollars need to be blind, or we are needlessly throwing some number of lives away each year. If it supports 1000tps on a blockchain, then there must be some centralization nodes, in which case, it is just another Dash equivalent. Centralization defeats the purpose of crypto in my opinion. Yes. It is a centralized decentralized network. No. A foreign bank can hold USD without any US oversight. The biggest problem is the precedent it sets. Once Julius Cesar made himself "first citizen" and took control over the senate, absolutely NONE of his successors relinquished power back to the Senate. ...and some of them were disastrous leaders. I wouldn't be surprised if countries like Russia and China are surreptitiously inciting partisanship in the west. So can I then "move to London" in my account, and then request a real delete? Elon cares tremendously about bad press. He's specifically banned all reporters from filming launch or recovery attempts in case there are failures. You'll notice that there are NO social media posts whenever there's a accident (of which there have been many). Zuck drawing attention to it must have really pissed Elon off. > we just found out a new principle on the large scale organization of matter in the known universe. Not really, because we've already knew that and observed it before in the bullet galaxy. This is just a 2nd observation (although it is interesting in the ways it's different). We don't have an accurate way to identify the amount of dark matter in a galaxy. That is why the outliers are so important. ...but what is potentially more important is the cause of these outliers. Assuming there's no smooth distribution of dark matter correlations with regular matter, then some unfathomable EVENT caused this galaxy to be different. I'm not saying it's aliens, but... It's a pointless conversation the argue over which unproven theory is taken most seriously. The reality is that we don't know. The only reason this is getting so much press is because it was favorable to Trump. If we look at left leaning abuses of "news", it gets buried in downvotes and derided as "both sides". If you really want to combat the problem, you need to attack the root of the problem - for-profit 'news' organizations. There should be regulations around ownership and foreign funding of anything that labels itself "news" or "journalism". We should look out for suicides. Someone who's given the choice between destroying his family and betraying his country might be pretty likely to off himself. She didn't think she was being specifically targeted. In one of her rants she specifically stated that she knew of many other content creators having their videos censored, age restricted, and demonetized. Her methods are nuts, obviously, but her beef with Youtube is entirely justified. The end result, unfortunately, isn't going to be Google/Amazon/Facebook/etc... realizing the error of their ways - it's going to be them over-reacting to protect themselves. I expect Silicon Valley campuses will get locked down. I expect any content that even slightly might maybe insinuate violence will get taken down. tldr; The problem is going to get worse before it gets better. Whenever I paste, I use ctrl-shift-v. It solves this problem and a multitude of other pasting problems. For a company with multiple locations, they'll just shift jobs to the other locations. Working remotely has become very unfashionable in tech after many studies showed that remote employees are very inefficient. The Martinez-Fuerte ruling specifically applies to a section of US territory along the border. The ruling accepts that illegal border crossings DO occur and that therefor Border Patrol need jurisdiction to stop and question people within a reasonable distance from the border in areas where illegal border crossings occur. A less penetrable border would be the cleanest solution here. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The Steam platform should actually create a VM sandbox for a game when it's running to exactly prevent bad behavior. That's a service I'd actually pay for. Actually the impact on nations higher in latitude makes the time change more compelling. The biggest issue is traffic accidents as a result of commuting directly into the rising or setting sun. It's especially acute if there are children crossing streets to get to school at the same time. It doesn't take many dead kids to make headlines. If I remember correctly, Chile abolished DST, and then after they have a ton of traffic fatalities, they added it back two years later. It's not as clear cut as people make it out to be. As a smb sysadmin for a GSuite based company, I've forced it as an extension to Chrome, so whenever any employee logs into Chrome, it automatically adds it. Unlikely given the high altitude of the cave. > a laser with a gigawatt of power (approximately the output of a large nuclear plant) would provide only a few newtons of thrust. wow... that's not very efficient... No, but I think we should know which American company ultimately helped them. $40 seems excessive for what is essentially a hierarchical TODO list. I simply open a google doc in B4 page format landscape and keep a list with bullets/sub-bullets. It's not ideal, but I haven't found a mind-mapping tool that materially provides anything better. This is like punching someone in the face, and then accusing them of having a nose-bleeding problem. Nuclear is expensive because the rampant fear-mongering generates massive amounts of litigation, construction delays, and outdated/unreasonable regulations. If you look at the cost of reactors in China, Russia, Saudi Arabia, etc, they are one-tenth the US cost for the exact same reactor design. If you rob the state of its monopoly over money, it's ability to exert force is greatly diminished. My daughter and I play Factorio together. There are a lot of emergent properties in Factorio that are relevant to programming. > gaining legitimacy and working as a payment system parallel to national currencies while complying with the complex regulations This is an impossible requirement. Every country has different, subjective, fluctuating, and often vague regulatory requirements. Not decentralized platform could ever comply. The reason crypto hasn't taken hold is simply that it doesn't scale. When enough people use it, the system grinds to a halt. Newer cryptos, like Monero have made some big steps recently, but there's still a long long long way to go for scalability. Kind of like physical cash - which is what crypto is. It's odd that people think any form of cash would "conform to AML" - an impossible requirement for anything decentralized. It's like saying tires don't conform to speed limits. Without having a semantic debate, I think the point is that since there are no static addresses, parties cannot send money in a one-way transaction. Every transaction must have a handshake. Those two people could be in person, or online, but they don't need to be connected to the grin network until either wants to post the transaction. > you can send to an address; that address can be a cold wallet, or could not exist at all I don't think this is accurate since the other party must participate. Exactly - like cash. It's cash for the internet. Grin is different private. I wouldn't say it's less private. The fact that you can submit a truncated set of transactions, can in some cases provide far more privacy than Monero. How would an asynchronous transaction work? If you're posting your side of the transaction publicly, doesn't that expose you to a MITM or spoofing attack? > A credit system probably wouldn't work however as we're destroyed the concept of time value of money. This is spot on and is the main problem. This destroys all lending, which prevents various forms of capital investment - the cornerstone of economic growth. Like it or not, inflation is a key component to any currency. ...and as you said, increasing the money supply doesn't even guarentee inflation - but contracting it absolutely spells deflation - which is death. Ideally a "better" cryptocurrency would detect the velocity of money within its own blockchain, and calculate the appropriate amount of inflation (or even deflation) to keep the scarcity of currency stable. If you imagine that a currency is like blood in a body, then as the body grows (or shrinks), the blood volume must adjust accordingly. Fundamentally, the function of currency is not to save - it is to spend. I think the argument being made is that linear emission is, in the long run, as insufficient as zero emission since it's an ever decreasing portion of the total money supply. It really needs to be inflationary. Have you considered merging your functionality with a package like gnucash which works as an open source account/budget program for families/small businesses? I think it would be a good match. ...and now I understand why the Uyghur are persecuted in China. How do you search for those exactly? Is that reeealy so different from a PoW fork? Taxing wealth will only increase the mobility of the wealthy. Is there any qualification to labeling people as "Journalists", or is it entirely a self-appointed title? For the most part, unfortunately, they run unprofitably, and have required therefor the patronage of high net worth individuals to keep them running. In an ideal world, there would be a requirement for an organization that labels itself as "journalism", "news", or "reporting" to have a measure of financial independence. ...but as it stands, it seems such independent agencies would not be able to financially sustain itself as so much "news" is free online, and people remain unwilling to pay for less-biased sources of information. We have entered the disinformation age. If you are not paying for news, you are the product, not the consumer. > Which is a long, long way from "false". No it isn't. > "BuzzFeed’s description... are not accurate" That is literally saying that their reports were false. My challenge on Android is that Hangouts calls have zero ability to filter. > "Whatever is on twitter is still a real fact because they repeat, verbatim what people post on it." This, right here, is the problem. Something is not a FACT just because it's being repeated over and over on Twitter. In fact, I have a feeling the correlation between accuracy and Twitter-repetition is probably inverse. > need to find a way ... to give them purpose The idea that the government should be giving people purpose is the beginning of a dystopian nightmare. >> WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW MORE? Little things like that educate parents. Most of these traumas have disappeared from movies and TVs because we've most eliminated them. The upper palate has a direct line into the brain to facilitate smelling neurons. It is conceivable that a surgical operation on the upper teeth might cross contaminate patients. As the CTO for a company that uses GSUITE fairly heavily, the main reason I refrain from adopting Google tech isn't so much the risk of being banned, it is the likelihood that Google will simply abandon core integration points, and will force us to re-build whatever we've implemented in Google. I wonder if someone wanting to go despite a 90% death rate should be disqualified on psychological grounds? Sort of like the old joke that "I'd never want to join a club that would have me as a member". Agreed. It is definitely not profitable going to Mars. The only people who'd want to go, would be the most extreme ideologues. A toxic environment, surrounded by a toxic environment. A "tax break" is just a reduction in taxes that otherwise wouldn't be paid at all . It still means a profit for the city. It's not like NYC is paying Amazon to come to NYC. NYC would still make huge tax revenues from additional sales, real estate, income taxes, and corporate taxes. Now they're turning that all away. It's such an irrational decision that if I were Amazon, it would raise a big red flag for me as well. No need to open in a community that doesn't want your money. Tax breaks are just a temporary discount on taxes that otherwise would be paid at all. It's not like Amazon was getting CASH to move to NYC. > not in a city with a resurgent left. IRRATIONAL left. This investment on the part of Amazon gave way way way more to the city than it got back in subsidies. It's kind of ridiculous. If I were Amazon, I would drop NYC in a heartbeat if they didn't appreciate that degree of investment. The subsidies were 1.525 billion. Amazon's investment was expected to be around 2.5 billion. Only an irrational fool cannot do that math. The redevelopment plan they scrapped was much much smaller than what Amazon was proposing. Several city blocks smaller. The bottom line is that the Amazon deal had very broad support in NYC, and a very vocal irrational minority just ruined it for everyone. That's what I do as well. My most productive hours are in the morning, so that's why I give them to my personal-job rather than my professional-job. A group of friends could easily rent a 50ft sailboat. 20ft is quite small. ...and if one or two people has taken a couple of weekends to get a sailing license, it's actually a pretty fun vacation. My girlfriend and I did it in the Abacos for a week, just the two of us. Sailing from island to island each day in the crystal Caribbean water. It's cost effective, super fun, and way more accessible than people realize. This completely ignores inflation. By spending that 3.5% on living, you are actually losing a portion of your wealth each year. In order to remain "flat", you need to be earning 7%, in order to spend 3.5%. ...but of course, this also completely ignores the risk. Assets don't give 7% for free. The investor is accepting the risk - that's the whole point. So in reality, you need to be earning closer to 10% in order to mitigate the risk of a default on those assets. Living off of investment income is almost never really winning battle. Remember that 60,000 was chosen so that toxicity could be very reliably demonstrated. It does not mean that lower doses are not also toxic. Exactly. I'm all for adding authentication elsewhere, but there's no need to kill DNSSEC. It might not given that the impetus of this change is to combat fake news and bot accounts from nation-states. ...so it might not be high on the target list for the EU since they are actively uncovering more influence operations. You have to realize that privacy is not a priority for most governments, so unless it's explicitly against the rules, I suspect they won't do much. One concern I have is the resurgence of other STDs as a result of curing HIV. The number of sexual partners adults have has been steadily rising and risky so transmission of other "regular" uncurable STDs like HPV and Herpes may spike. I once told my daughter that intelligent decisions in life are made by being dispassionate and using logic to reason the optimal course of action. My wife then snorted and said "says who?". Parenting fail :( In order for them to appreciate what you do, you need to explain to them WHY you do what you do. I have found that understanding often diffuses anger. For example, if you are dangerously cut off by someone on the highway and you speed ahead to yell at them, your blood is boiling with the expectation of a confrontation... until you stop at the next light and realize the person is having a seizure and actually needs help! In that moment your new understanding of the situation melts your anger away very very effectively. In general, if you practice and train your mind to seek understanding of the circumstances surrounding the behavior that's making you angry, your anger will melt. Bingo. The best proven way to control anger is to train your mind to seek understanding of what's going on in those tense situations. Like anything, you need to practice training yourself at handling anger. When my kids get angry, I teach them to ask questions. "Why?!!" "Why didn't they let me play with them?" "Why does my sister always get to use my toys?!" "Why does it make me feel this way?!" "What can I do to prevent this in the future?!" The most understanding you can gain during a confrontation, the better you train your mind to react in that way rather than in our following our instincts. We are, by default, animals, and anger is part of our fight-flight response - but it's something we can reprogram with practice. ...especially if you start with a young malleable mind. It's almost tax time... my angriest time of the year. On Social Media the results would have been published six years before the research even started and political tweets would have already labelled opponents for believing the wrong thing. > he was hunting for video games that had been “cracked,” or stripped from digital rights protections, so that he could play them for free on his Apple. What a monster! What a horrible design. The old strategy of burying garbage is looking better and better. We're literally sequestering CO2 by doing so. The countries listed above are far more developed than you are giving them credit for. They absolutely have the ability to recycle. Are cables really ugly? It's not really about training. It is to provide evidence in court in case you try to sue the company. It also motivates customers to behave in a civil manner because they know they are being recorded. Gmail is releasing a feature in a couple weeks to let you schedule outbound emails. This seems like the perfect reminder system. GSO is very high orbit (22K miles) and therefor has much higher latency. The lower orbit (100-1K miles) constellations are lower bandwidth because of the high angular speed of travel removes the ability to do directional (high powered) transmissions. Modern plants don't need to be decommissioned. All parts are fully replaceable. Additionally, the point about maintaining older reactors isn't entirely relevant if we are talking about building new ones. With regards to capital construction costs, there are a number of factors in western countries that seem to drive up costs, and there is a lot of debate around the relative impact of unnecessary litigation that delays project construction, and the enforcement of safety regulations that were designed for older reactors. There is no arguing which energy source China is investing in most - they have approximately 25 reactors under construction right now. It's too bad we cannot see the accretion disk edge-on as in the video. That would have made it a perfect prediction. Maybe it's so thin that it's overwhelmed by the projections of the top and bottom of the back side of the disk. I think it's sad that we cannot figure out a way to have LARGE federated communities that remain functional. No, they have tons of releases. This is very odd. Is it just me, or are HN comments becoming less and less informative, and more and more like Reddit zingers ? The biggest problem with this rebellion is that it advocates disruption in the countries doing the MOST to combat climate change. I don't see any events planned in the biggest CO2 producers. Time zones are something that should be federally mandated, not decided in piecemeal like this. They are just creating a fucking mess. Google in particular. What makes a monopoly dangerous is when they control multiple links in the supply chain to push out competitors. If Google owns Search, Gmail, Android, Analytics, Chat, Google Fi, Google Fiber, Chrome, GPay, etc... then they are able leverage one monopoly to establish monopolies elsewhere. ...and that is ultimately what is most destructive to Competition and consumer value. All of the above could be separate companies. Facebook gets a lot of bad press, but Google is the big danger. He could have been talked out of it. Suicidal people are talked out of suicide all the time. The odds of that are effectively zero. Over a multi-billion year development line, being within 100 years of one-another is effectively impossible. They are either unevolved animals, or have already merged into the Great AI or whatever happens when intelligent species evolve. What we can infer from the gradual evolution of various species on Earth is that brains do seem to evolve larger, more complex, more efficient - though are often bottlenecked by other costs. If you look at a snapshot of all life on Earth over tens of millions of years, the average brain size of dominant species has clearly increased. Indian Point is bleeding cash? It appears SHUTTING Indian Point is causing more financial problems than it's solving... https://www.wsj.com/articles/as-nuclear-plant-closes-fears-s... This amount represents more than their profits for roughly two years. It isn't realistic and is likely a number released to make headlines. The point of regulation is to change corporate behavior, not drive them out of business. The stock market does not seem to think the fine will ultimately be anywhere near that high, with a drop in stock price of only 1.5%. As always, beware of headlines. It would be ironic if Youtube did this because they were tired of fulfilling warrants from governments over authors of these videos You make it sound like arresting the person is doing them a favor. Not only that - circumstantial evidence is enough for a search warrant, and a search warrant almost ALWAYS reveals additional evidence. The point is that once the cops know who you are, you're fucked. Even if they are using classified methods to ID you, they'll then find something circumstantial to get warrants until they find you. The only way to get away is to completely avoid detection in the first place. How would he have convinced his wife and kids that that was necessary? People overestimate the duration that their software will be used, so in many cases imperfections aren't as important as a developer might think they are. My last project I released still had about 20 TODOs in the code. I launched it, it got great reviews, everyone loved it, then I got a new project and they deprioritized the "cleanup" phase. I suspect the edge-cases are just getting handled manually - no one cares and I'm still a hero. Yeah, I think people forget that the majority of those who died in Tienanmen were non-violent. People with wealth are targeted by scammers who file fraudulent claims against them. These fall under the liability portion of your insurance. It's not about the house or car, it's about that $10MM in your bank people want to go after by claiming that you tripped them and they broke their back. Putting aside that you've given up entirely on any form of discourse with the account you're responding to... You aren't only talking to that account - you are having a public conversation in front of millions of people. ...and if the discussion goes something like: Company A: "We believe in xyz." Twitter B: "You are an ." ...then what benefit have you delivered to the other millions of people reading? All you are doing is stroking the ego of those who agree, and fueling outrage for those that don't. No ones position is evolving. Instead, you should recognize that the audience of your comment is the millions of silent readers whose combined opinions/votes/dollars have an actual impact. To them, a logical, well reasoned, and UN-emotional argument is persuasive, and far more likely to help you achieve your goal. There's another aspect to this... the user in question lives in New Zealand. Should their foul-mouthed tweet to a US Senator during a US election have the same protections as an American's tweets? It's not immediately apparent that he's from and lives in New Zealand unless you really dig through his content, something most readers won't do. In aggregate, this might influence American voters into thinking there's some substance to anti-Palin rhetoric. Isn't that a form of foreign influence? My issue with it is entirely different - the user isn't American. He lives in New Zealand. Throwing HATE at a US politician during a US election in public is foreign interference and should be removed on that basis. I once took over a Wordpress site and the prior dev told me that he just torrented the plugins. It took me all of 15 minutes to find code injections appended to the bottom of the code files. ...but that wasn't the interesting part. Since it was a very popular SEO plugin, I actually took the extra time and reported the attack code wordpress security scanners and the torrent site. A month later I checked back and the plugin had been re-uploaded, but this time with the attack code heavily obfuscated and much more subtely hidden within the plugin. ...and this time when I reported it to the torrent site, the site admins banned me and actually IP blocked me. tldr; The only open source code getting reviewed is heavily used stuff. When we are judging individuals, it's important to judge with individual circumstances. Was THIS protestor being violent? Was THIS police officer justified in firing? In this case, there is one video that isn't getting much viewership which very clearly shows the protestor who was shot, chasing down and beating a police officer on the ground. The officer that fired was coming to the rescue when the protestor attacked him with a pipe and was shot. Here is that video from BBC Chinese: https://twitter.com/bbcchinese/status/1179082367337713666 Here is a more complete video showing the exact protestor who got shot (with the blue shield) chasing down an officer and then beating him on the ground before attacking the rescuing officer and getting shot. https://twitter.com/bbcchinese/status/1179082367337713666 Sure, but not in this particular case. The protestor that was shot was caught on the same video chasing down a police officer and beating him before getting shot. https://twitter.com/bbcchinese/status/1179082367337713666 I don't know - but is your question meant for us to prove the innocence of the victim here? ...and the extended version of that video shows how the protesters chased down that officer first, tackled him, and beat him on the ground (including the exact protester that was shot). Full video: https://twitter.com/bbcchinese/status/1179082367337713666 yeah, this article lacks any material substance. Chernobyl is so different from a modern reactor, that it's not really useful to judge to current risks with existing reactors, let alone planned new Gen III+ reactors which are orders of magnitudes safer. People are not "rejecting your identity" if they use the wrong pronoun. That is an emotional interpretation of an error. It's a unbelievable that we take the output of these seminars as gospel. They are just groups of people - with no more authority on what "proper behavior" is than the rest of us. ...and yet the community that supports them vehemently punishes anyone that strays from their constantly changing and often contradictory directives. In some cases, that is true. In other cases, it is an important part of removing a toxic element from your organization. There are some people who refuse to behave in the best interests of the group, no matter how much direction you give them. ...but you are correct that they are often only one part of the problem. Then again, often firing them will motivate some of their supporters to quit. I imagine that was the impetus behind firing Monica, so perhaps turnabout is fair play. ...it's also somehow offensive to either avoid using pronouns as well as inquiring about them. The only solution is apparently magic. We have this simplistic idea that if we put a huge roadblock in front of small businesses that they'll innovate around the problem, when in reality they'll just go out of business, and it will take the market a year or more to figure out how to deal with the problem - all the while, more small businesses shut down because they cannot stock their shelves. I agree with the motivation, but the execution cannot be "simply" banning how these businesses operate. These aren't high margin businesses that can handle disruptions like this. Small business owners have mortgages to pay, and they'll just close-up shop or "simply" choose to service a different area. There are a lot of elderly people living in the city that cannot ride a bicycle. ...and what about when there's a foot of snow on the ground? Or pouring rain? Should everyone resign themselves to suffering? The problem is that "tax rate" is an ambiguous term because different kinds of income at taxed at different rates. So, for example, if someone makes most of their money on dividends, then they pay capital gains tax, and it appears like they are unfairly paying a lower rate than everyone else. ...but that's not a fair comparison because it's a different sort of income, with a VASTLY riskier risk profile. Taxing it at the income rate wouldn't make sense. In the past, in the US, capital gains wasn't taxed at all because it was considered double taxation (since the investment was already taxed). ...and in some other countries, there is no tax on capital gains. I've seen people claim that country XYZ has higher tax rates than the US, but then when you look closed, they have zero capital gains taxes. Your assumption is that the company will knowingly access your data, but the more likely scenario is that a rogue employee working for your competitor (or simply looking to start their own startup) will access and steal your data/code/client list. I think OP is thinking of ancient concrete/cement used by ancient cultures such as the Romans. During a stressful part of my life recently I struggled with getting to sleep. I just couldn't stop thinking about shit that was going on. until one night I fell asleep on the couch in front of the TV, and it occurred to me that I could just modify this behaviour to bed. So I put a handful of old Star Trek episodes on my phone. Each night I put me earphones on (so as not to disturb my wife), turn on an episode of Star Trek, and I am asleep within the first five minutes. ... I can even repeat episodes... it doesnt even matter since Im asleep within literally 5mins. At first the earphones were annoying, but after a week you dont even notice them. The stress at work continues, but I sleep like a baby. I think the familiarity of Star Trek (which I watched a lot as a kid) gives me a subconsious sense of security. Practicing this once saved my life while scuba diving. I was stuck in a cave and I began to panic and hyperventilate. Having delt with other high stress situations and remembering this full quote prepared me. Being able to identify my emotion in a high stress moment and knowing that the fear would pass is what calmed me down and think my way out of my problem. It's not enough to remember the words. You also need to practice. This is not accurate. To get my US Green card, all that was required was an HIV test and a standard US doctor's affidavit that I wasn't disabled. That's a far cry from a "rigorous physical exam". This exactly. Most recently I had a script that was calling functions with fixed width data sets (IDs, credit card numbers, birthdates, etc..), and typos were significantly easier to find due to the data and fonts both being fixed width. This is why i never mention HackerNews on Reddit. What is the next site we're all going to? ... and how will they control participant quality? Absorbsion rates vary by orders of magnitude depending on signal frequency. A simple power comparison is not a great measure of affect. Im not sure your analogy holds ground. Different programming languages are created try to solve limitations in existing programming langs. Writing it in a different ascii character set isn't solving any technical issue - it's solving an accessibility issue, but compounding the problem of compatibility tremendously. Obviously there is a efficient middle ground between accessibility and compatibility. It's great for more people to be able to code. It's also great to be able to read code written by someone else across the world. There is both pain and wisdom in standardization. I think any argument taken to an extreme loses rationality. On one hand, if more people can understand programming, then we increase the pool of programmers, and that's great. On the other hand, if more people can understand each other's programming, that's also great. At the end of the day, what matters is that we have the largest possible ecosystem that also allows developers to transcend their geographical / ethnic background. ...and if that's the goal, then maybe it makes most sense for us to favor a unified ascii char set? A few language keywords aren't that big of a price for us all to stay on the same page. I think another consequence of that is that collisions have zero cost. Momentum v strength doesn't scale linearly. I'm going to go out on a limb and say that men and women are wired differently when it comes to sex and relationships. The instinctual influence over men to have sex with multiple partners, I believe influences their desire to still "feel good" about prior partners. ...whereas a woman's instinctual desire to find a man to protect her offspring influences her desire to "feel bad" about prior partners who didn't stick around. Of course, we're above these instincts cognitively, but it's folly to think they have no influence on our emotional association to past partners. This site is turning into Reddit. Do the people with more informative comments now frequent another site? Back to slashdot? Everyone's emissions are down due to manufacturing slowdowns globally. If you're willing to select a narrow set of data points as this article does, then you can draw any conclusion you want. Importantly, those cities aren't significant emitters. It is easy to promise little to no change. Distractions are often worse than nothing. China's Paris commitments were significantly laxer than other nations. Commiting only to stop increasing only by 2030. In reality, that might be the case here as well. All the OP article is saying is that there was a ~2.5 increase in returns just after the penalties were eliminated. That might be 2.5x a very small number, and it might also come with a longer term increase in book theft. The disruption of those meetings is illegal, not the monitoring of their organization. I wonder what the performance costs of those ACL checks are. Man, this site is turning into Reddit. This is such an opinionated uninformative comment... The alternative of having collaborative decision making has its own downsides, of being slower, not meeting goals, and sometimes producing conflicting outputs. In reality, a "directive" can be generalized to any "process request", such as a software enhancement request. A "goal level" statement must be described, and then someone between the implementer and the manager needs to flesh out and escalate what the functionality looks like and any potential conflicts. ...then the person implementing them needs to translate that spec into an implementation, and then escalate any potential unintended consequences found in testing phase. ...and all of this in an iterative cycle. Unfortunately, 99% of office requests do no merit enough _value_ for this process to be worthwhile. With infinite resources, we can achieve infinite perfection in every management request. ...but in the real world where business demands are transient, the expectation should be that management doesn't know what they want all the time and asks for things with incorrect parameters and conditions. ...and so the implementer (since there's no one in between) needs to bring their industry experience and communication skills to _poignantly_ explain the caveats in the request and explain what the alternatives are. These are difficult conversations to have. They inherently contain conflict and the emotions of frustration associated with the manager perceiving that they aren't getting what they want, and the implementer being asked to break protocols and safeguards. There is no perfect solution. This comes down to professionalism and having employees and managers that are able to offer compromise, have dispassionate discourse, and be willing to thoughtfully approach the problem in succinct and timely fashion. ...which is why hiring experienced intelligent emotionally stable people is the most productive choice for companies. I think I speak for many people on here when I say, we don't care about your drama and don't want this forum to turn into another failed Reddit social justice crusade forum. If the poster above has an informative post, I'll upvote it regardless of who he is. It's about the content, not the people. This is only if you build subway tunnels which are very shallow. Deeper tunnels for longer distance transport do not have any of these limitation. I understand that child predators are thrown around a lot as an example of why backdoors are needed - but, in reality, it's the worst example. The crimes that warrant a violation of public privacy would need to be those that create _systemic_ risk. Like on the order of the 9-11 attacks that were so disruptive to the entire country that they merit a (temporary) privacy sacrifice. Child predators are used for their emotional bait, because everyone agrees they are hated, but for all the horror they inflict, they do not cause a systemic problem. Probably a nation state actor People should be presumed innocent until proven guilty. That isn't just a legal principle - it's a philosophical principle. If you throw that away and want to talk about probabilities - that's ok too - but then you need to add the probability that the global super power put pressure on people to drum up baloney charges. We are not representative of the general population, so our anecdotes are almost worthless. The reason the presumption of innocence is important is because it becomes way too easy to create false evidence (or highlight circumstantial evidence) in order to sway public opinion. We should have a high threshold for evidence in any arena or we are otherwise way way too susceptible to manipulation. ...or perhaps, more generally - when an opposing entity exists that could conceivably manufacture poor quality evidence, then that should raise the bar of evidence required. With regards to identity management, maybe there should be a formalized integration between browsers and password managers such that the concept of "registration" goes away and new logins just automatically create user accounts with default permissions, according to email address. Can you source these predictions? The timetable matters, for example. If a transition in sea level takes place over a hundred years, it seems reasonable that populations would gradually move uphill. Also, as land becomes less farmable, other land at higher latitude and elevations might become more so. There's also the increase in vegetation associated with higher CO2 levels that might actually improve some farming. I don't feel like we should fall into to emotional trap of throwing up our hands and predicting the apocolypse. Anyone willing to protest in front of the Chinese embassy? What if the game could be played by two people together in co-op mode? If so, we could play with our kids, and it becomes more than just a way to have fun ourselves, but an avenue for family bonding (at least that's how I'd sell it to my wife). Would they rely on food produced in the newly fertile lands? Of course. They'd probably themselves move there in order to farm it. Russia might be the next super power simply due to a population rush from lower latitudes. This is what they do - finance deals. This is as notable as saying Wells Fargo issued their home mortgage. Not necessarily waste, no. It just needs to be unpredictable. I think PrimeCoin was a great example of a PoW that had very small but non-zero value. As long as coins are designed as a store of value rather than an actual currency, they will have limited use-cases. People need to get over the concept of inflation. Inflation is GOOD. Big blocks will scale you one or two orders of magnitude. There are still 3-5 MORE orders of magnitude to go before you approach that of a standard Credit Card transaction processor. Inflation is good for an ECONOMY because it ensures that currency is not sitting on the side lines, but being actively invested wherever possible. ...so the velocity of money is increased, and hence volatility is decreased. The negative impacts of volatility on the economy are very well documented. Inflation has zero impact on a household as long as their savings are kept in assets other than cash. No, it is more like checking it manually every single day. ...which is would be akin to following someone in public and filming them. Technically, it's all in public, but it is no less likely to make people feel stalked and unsafe. The underlying part here is that these employees were using the notion of "unions" to organize _politically_. ...and their willingness to act against fellow employees and leak company documents demonstrates just how dirty they would have become had they been allowed to continue. Personally, I don't think they cared at all about worker rights beyond their desire to advocate their politics. I'm sure it's just a crazy coincidence... Does that give them the right to take a screenshot of it and send it out of the company? Google isn't some dangerous smelting factory of low paid workers. These people were using the notion of unions to further their desire to push their POLITICS. They didnt care about safety or pay. They wanted to force the company to stop working with the US government on various contracts. Setting up an alert on someone's calendar is equivalent to having someone followed. Then sharing a screenshot of that calendar outside the company is like posting a video of you secretly filming them as you follow them around all day. No reasonable person would not consider that incredibly creepy behavior. Yeah, these folks were brazen. They would have gotten much much worse in the tactics they were willing to use to pressure fellow employees to their political ends. You cannot accept a paycheck from a company, while also be trying to subvert it internally. It is crazy you don't understand that. Google "fiduciary duty" de facto has not changed except in your bubble of friends. The fact that screenshots of those calendars were later found outside the company, helps to demonstrate intent here. Also, it might be legal for me to follow a person around in public and film them, but doing that is still incredibly creepy and indicative of mal intent. That's funny. ...but I believe the notion is that it was a political agenda not shared by the company or the employee's peers. Programmers need job security? That does not seem to correlate with reality. Take that argument even further, and a LOT more areas would suddenly start showing up on Google Maps as disputed. Would Native Americans start petitioning Google to alter maps of Arizona? "per unit mass" is the operative term since there is far far less methane being emitted. Methane was only relevant because it was such a strong greenhouse gas. As CO2, it becomes just a drop in the bucket. Agreed, but the original argument was also not meaningful. The credentials are not useful. Yes. Shareholder receive voting packets in the mail, or can exercise their votes online at their brokerage website. The states goal of the Fed is to "maintain the rate as close to zero as possible while keeping it safely positive.". ... and more generally, players in a game can play by the existing rules, while still advocating a change to the rules. There is an important argument here about how not all GDP is created equal. In both developing and developed worlds - a lot of people just buy wasteful garbage. I lived in SF in 1999, and that mentality was exactly the same then as it is today. The long time residents of SF don't believe in _change_, and that isn't going to change. It is just happenstance that the initial San Jose tech explosion happened near SF. ...but maybe other parts of the country are better suited to it going forward... That's a semantic distinction. All major corporations have highly speculative projects that they aren't certain will succeed. With (relatively) minor investments most don't form an umbrella corporation to distinguish them. In this case, I dont see anything else coming out of non-Google alphabet of meaningful significance, and this org change kind of highlights that. In my personal opinion, the Google founders probably still DO have some radical plans, but I bet with the increased scrutiny in Congress and abroad they are thinking the Google vrand is more of a liability than an asset. You can do that even within a company. You certainly dont need separate share classes. This is a complex topic, and is especially unclear when the person is not on US soil, so saying "judicial rulings since have generally enforced..." is not really accurate. Conflating the top 1% with the ultra-rich is another big problem. If we assume that most people achieve peak earning years between 45-50 years old, then about 30% of people end up in the top 1% at some point in their lives. But that's an oversimplification. The system has its own brakes in the form of corporate bankruptcies and liquidations. The market landscapes are constantly changing and companies get destroyed regularly. ... and this returns that stored capital back into the liquidity system. There's little evidence of a persistent imbalance. Because in the wake of 9-11, you would have been very pressed to find any US adult who didnt support torturing terrorists in custody to prevent more attacks. The Patriot Act passed almost unanimously. You have to remember the _emotional_ impact of 9-11 to properly judge the people in charge at that time. Mine drops that much when below freezing on a FLAT surface. On one hand, it's better than prior systems. On the other hand, it's still abysmally worse than conventional systems. This is just one of the many risks of being an early adopter, I suppose. I agree that once this major bottleneck is removed, the vehicle will be much more competitive - assuming the fix doesn't increase the cost too much. My biggest factor in choosing an Open Source Software platform is the size * activity of the community. I think it would be a huge improvement to give me a sense of whether the product is well supported. There are a few reasons for this... 1. I want to choose an OSS that will have security vulnerabilities resolved in a timely fashion. 2. I want the product to keep up with the times and changing landscape. 3. I want to be able to converse usefully in a forum to resolve issues. 4. I don't want to search for a new replacement product and undergo a migration because all the devs have abandoned the project in x years. That's naive Care to expand? A similar thing happened to us. The technology always seems great and innovative (and it is), but the moment a replacement is found, it becomes instantly worthless. ...and so it becomes a huge gamble to pay for technology that doesn't have an active an immovable revenue stream. This company tried to enter an extremely mature and cluttered market - LUGGAGE. ...with almost no product innovation. It should not be a surprise to anyone that all they had to offer is spin and marketing-speak. What does this have to do with OP's article? These non-poaching agreements (Wall Street has them also) are not related to Union law. I doubt it's even the same people in the company that write these two different policies. As more and more teenagers flood Reddit, more and more young adults flood HN. ...and so the cycle of quality boom-bust of the threads continues and we see more knee-jerk emotional content like this. Where is everyone going next so I can stay ahead of the game? Some sense of how widely adopted the software is. There is a critical mass required for me to commit to an OSS. Before that critical mass the products are usually poorly maintained and full of bugs and security holes. Somewhat. My assertion is that HN quality has dropped significantly in the last year. This post is an advocacy post - it lacks objectivity and rigor. My additional assertion is that this is happening more on HN because the demographic of HN is changing to a younger crowd - and my final theory is that that is happening because more young adults are coming here in an effort to escape the further demographic changes on Reddit. It's common for these tech companies to set different ethical standards for paying customers. ... as another example, Indeed does not action/review companies that have been flagged as having inappropriate postings (i. e. MLM scams) as long as they have actively billed job postings. This is evidenced by the fact that when such a company removes their automated payment and/or pauses all job listings, all the flags then get reviewed and actioned (speaking from personal experience - not MLM, but commission based job listings). "using" facial recognition is some form or another is so vague, that it's effectively a useless classification. To be honest, it's impossible to survive in tech if you are not constantly keeping up to date. What do you mean by "warm" and "best practices" ? Wind and solar produce variable power sources. Power for baseload has a 99.99% uptime requirement. The batteries needed to make variable power sources even 95% capable of meeting demand are economically unfeasible as well. As a couple examples.... The laegest solar plant in Arizona produces only 10% of its peak summer power in the winter. ...similarily, in Texas the wind turbines are usually not turning during Texas peak demand because it's during high pressure systems where there's not wind. As a general rule that is particularily effective when dealing with government is that it is always easier to ask forgiveness than it is to ask permission. Government officials will always choose the easiest path forward - and that is almost always inaction. Uou are assuming the forms have meaningful purpose. The reality is that the bureaucrats just don't wantT more startups and so they use excuses to obstruct them. Bingo. Money is only a useful medium of exchange if it is stable, and deflationary currencies are inherently volatile. While negative feedback loops are big in the media, they are not well understood and difficult to model. Also, other feedback mechanisms seem to get little attention. Are we only looking to model the feedback mechanisms that reinforce a narrative of cataclysm? Don't other feedback mechanisms exist that lessen CO2 concentrations, or temperature dissipation? These are both big projects not well suited to startups. Taxation needs to be agreed upon at the international level. CO2 has an atmospheric half-lifetime on the order of decades. If we would just switch to zero emission energy, like nuclear power, we could get through the next century and survive. Right, but her job was to advise about company policies, not her own personal politics. It's incredibly obvious this was a violation of her fiduciary duty. "If you say something interesting" isn't about luck - it's about MERIT. If you contribute to the field, you are more likely to be noticed. No family connections, no red tape, no peer reviewed paper - pure immediate merit. It's what a meritocracy would have. Lots of Reddit refugees are migrating to HNews. Reddit has been overrun by teenagers The number alone is meaningless. Some bugs are UX inconveniences, while others can destroy data, as we saw in this case. The real problem at these banks is the multitude of systems and datafeeds that impact systems downstream a hundred systems long. The real solution to these big project failures is, in my experience, the phase deployments. With the first step being retiring old systems and consolidating data repositories to reduce knock-on effects. My brief exposure to this was frustrated with the complex math involved in combining (adding/multiplying) probability distributions without simulations. Something so fundamental to making probabilistic choices is so immediately daughnting from a programmatic point of view Which is why the expected strategy is to seed all systems with autonomous berserkers. ... and/or have them meandering from star to star to report/destroy civilizations in their infancy upon detection of radio signals. You'd need trillions of them per galaxy, but that's well within the capability of a type III civ. It reminds me of the extra solar object detected a couple years ago that buzzed the Earth and then mysteriously ACCELERATED out of the system. So assuming we were just detected and assuming there's a berserker in the system already (likely in an outer orbit) that would imply we have only a couple decades left. Simply drifting behind a gas cloud seems more likely. Im not sure how much lensing happens within our own galaxy. It's always not aliens until the day it is. Perhaps the radiation can be directed. Who's to say it would be omnidirectional? Possibly because he had exhausted his professional network of contacts who trust him enough to put an order with him. Imagine if artificial wombs were possible. The government could control birth rates simply by producing children like they print money to increase inflation. There is a question on the blood donation form that asks if you are donating for the purposes of testing yourself. If you answer yes, then your donation is discarded. You didn't answer the question "Why do you think ZERO screen time is the correct amount?" The article you linked only tests for "excessive" screen time - as do all the other studies I've seen. Seems like you're just advocating the opposite extreme. Why would providing similar behavior to an OS app warrant a ban? Many many apps on various OSes supplement default OS apps. 4.5% for US gov't subsidized loans. The Senate is not meant to be representation by population - it is representation by geography. A different slice of the country that isn't undemocratic. Since both houses of congress need to agree on a bill, both of those different slices need to agree to pass a law. The real take here is 'it depends'. The important number is the debt-to-GDP ratio for each country, and which countries we're talking about. The biggest debt growth has been with China that now has a debt-to-GDP ratio of 255%. Does that number spell doom for China? Not really. It's high, but China can handle it. If it continues to grow in an uncontrolled fashion, it might be a different story. So in each case, each country is different story, and you have to look at them individually. Growing a plant in the backyard is several orders of magnitude easier than buying the equipment and taking the time to brew beer. ... but your underlying point is correct. A better analogy is probably basil, which a large percentage of buyers actually just keep their own plant at home. Quebec is always a special case of bureaucracy and government mismanagement. Remember that all liquor stores in Quebec are government stores too. I suspect they'll start distributing them there - possibly dependent upon neighborhood approval. I'll note that the neighborhood I'm in - the older folks are not happy about the new constant pot smell around. I don't see what this has to do with this thread. These "This is the same company that..." type of comments are very low value. Companies operate across dozens of jurisdictions and have to comply with hundreds of laws. I goes without saying that eventually they'll bump up against a law and/or group of people that disagree with their decisions. That's a normal part of doing business and doesn't have any relevance to some other controversy. No, "anti-democratic" would be a dictatorship. This is just a different slice of society - one that doesn't favor the political party you are in favor of, and so you're happy to miscategorize it. ...but be careful. Eroding the public perception of legitimacy in the American system won't have the impact you intent. The only realistic way to convert to a pure representation-by-population system would be a revolution - and those seldom produce any form of democracy at all. ...and usually involve quite a bit of death and destruction in the process of NOT achieving their goals. They are trying to make a better trash can to combat dumpers, worker injury, and rats. It does not mean this is the only thing they are working on. Your comment is 100% whataboutism. It will nag you even in the back? Cases like this in countries that do not have due process laws makes the use-case even more compelling. It's definitely the reason I'm a shareholder. Not any more. Multiple small holes in the aircraft shell is generally not caused by hitting the ground, and is indicative of a missile strike. Whistle-blowing is misunderstood. You can't just start leaking internal documents and making accusations without evidence. ...that will get you fired, and possibly in jail. You need to talk to a lawyer, follow the legal process, and make allegations that you can PROVE. So many whistle-blowers come out with wild stories (often true), but since they bring zero evidence to the table they are ignored. ...and if they have evidence, they just blindly leak it to the press without going through the process, which can endanger people/privacy and destroy IP. Don't get me wrong - whistleblowers are important, but if you really want to make positive change and not just stick it to your employer - do it responsibly. His post is about the reality of the future, not his ideal desire of the future. I think a lot of people in this thread are confusing these twi very different perspectives. This thread is a good example of how HackerNews has become less about analysis and informed commentary, and more about opinions and advocacy. I look at Mark's post and I see him being honest with people about how he believes the world is going to evolve - not necessarily how he wants it to evolve, nor how Facebook even intends to move forward. Everyone is so blinded by their emotional hatred of Mark that they cannot stomach discussing the points he is making. Plato's allegory of the Cave is about the liberation provided by education, and self-awareness. How gaining understanding of your environment freed you from the limited reality it presented you. The initial usage of the story was to illustrate how political indoctrination could present a false reality to ardent followers "the shadows of cave fire for those raised in the cave", and how education could "open the eyes and show them the true light" (the fire in the sky/sun vs the fire in the cave). "...even if one was dragged out of the cave". This was later extended to demonstrate that if humans learned about their own emotions, they could learn to reason decisions, rather than allow emotions to guide them exclusively. Tangentially, this rough concept in early western philosophy evolved into the religion of the Sun, and had significant influence on early Christianity. Unemployment is defined as the percentage of people employed of those who WANT to work. It does not count those taking time off. That would be the UNDERemployment rate. Even the lowest wage bracket of jobs has kept up with price inflation overall. The logic applies to basically ALL cloud based services. We had our entire company profile for Indeed disabled because a couple of our ads were commission-based positions - which only became an issue when paused those postings (because they don't care while you're giving them money). Their appeals process was non-existent, and they turned off everything - the whole account - so I couldn't even post for an accountant. Literally all cloud based companies have this danger. Can you reply as to the reason you had so many accounts flagged and disabled? > And people close to us keep dying from it. Cancer death rates have PLUMMETED since the introduction of immunotherapy. Movie theaters are run by teenagers and young adults. It is no surprise that they cannot handle hiccups. Reminds me of the excitement around Java Beans ...and also closer to the "original" fact that only the very few children of the privileged class could afford to attend and study nothing but Philosophy. How many philosophers do we need? We don't even need to STOP entirely. We can just reduce by ~50% of current levels. Greenhouse gases could still be used for numerous applications, as long as we stop using it for power generation, ground transportation, and manufacturing. In fact, people did go to jail. Here's just one example, but there are others... https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/seven-defendants-mortgage-ori... Also, the CEOs and employees of the banks like Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch in question large portions of their life savings. The CEO of Lehman, for example, lost 50% of his net worth - over 4 Billion dollars. ...and obviously destroyed his reputation. Well deserved, of course, but it's hardly "no punishment". ...the same was true with most if not all senior employees. All of them had large portions of their compensation in equity stock options. I'm, unfortunately, speaking from experience. It's one thing to say the people "responsible" didn't get punished enough - that's true. But most people at these banks definitely suffered, materially. There is an upper limit to the amount of CO2 that soil absorbs - it's clearly not infinite. There is an equilibrium in the Earth's natural Carbon cycle. Once a soil matures (a process that might take many decades), the amount of CO2 retained vs emitted reaches equilibrium. I think your general argument, that taxes don't change behavior, is too vague to be so broadly accurate. There are studies that show that cigarette taxes reduce teen smoking rates, for example. A better example are all the corporate taxes that very clearly alter where corporations choose to operate. Our company, for example, has specifically avoided opening up an office in California and New York City exactly because there are a number of regulations and that just make operating elsewhere more attractive. Better yet, just automate their jobs away. Our company specializes in automating low wage clerical work. I think we put over a thousand people out of work this year through our various engagements. Additionally, adipose tissue (fat) is slightly colder than internal tissue. The more fat content you have, the lower your average body temperature. Recessions happen somewhat cyclically because imbalances build up in the economy that ultimately cause some sort of dislocation. The same is not true in virology. There is no "pent up" mechanism that needs to periodically release an outbreak. It is entirely random and in these types of outbreaks simply becomes more likely when many animal species exist in close proximity, allowing virus cross-over. It's no coincidence this happened in a live animal market. One exception to cyclic nature is immunity. In cases where the same disease outbreaks because the human population is no longer immune - ie the Black Death which returned every couple generations in the old world. ...but that phenomenon only applies to SAME disease returning - not different ones. When a foreign government does something, the legal system is not the appropriate mechanism to enforce international norms. It lacks both jurisdiction as well as enforceability. There is no global legal system. We are not a united planet. All three of these points are either outright wrong, or misleading. 1. Nevada has a operational storage facility that has space to hold ALL of the waste for the entire United States. It has been rated as stable by geologists for at least the next 700,000 years. Nuclear reactors produce 1 barrel of waste per year. That is an easily manageable quantity. The reason they are not holding more is purely fearmongering polits, it's neither a scientific nor an engineering problem. 2. Nuclear power is not cost competitive because outdated and overzealous regulations and litigious environmental organizations. China, for example, is building 24 state of the art reactors, at a fraction of the cost that western countries are building them - for the exact same internationally approved design. Reactor construction is regularly delayed by local political litigation. This is like pushing someone off of a cliff and then accusing them of being clumsy. 3. I'm not sure what you are comparing to in this point. There is currently NO renewable power plant capable of producing baseload in the quantities we need to avert climate change. If we spent the next 2-3 decades averting climate change by building nuclear power plants, we would be smart. There are currently ZERO renewable projects for building baseload. EDIT: You added some points about renewables storage - the costs of running a grid on 100% renewables with 100% storage capability far far exceed the costs of nuclear power. When you factor things like transmission losses of 35-45%, January solar production at 10% June levels, the intermittent nature of wind power, and the critical requirement that baseload be met 99.95% of the time - you quickly realize that there are absolutely no storage solutions that can get us to a 100% renewable grid (or even a 50% renewable grid). 1. The facility is not accepting new deposits but it is operational. Regardless, this is a political fearmongering challenge, not a scientific one. 2. This is absolutely false because you are not including the costs of STORAGE. Without massive storage, they are useless in providing year-round baseload. 3. Gen III+ reactors are built to international standards. Racism is not an adequate argument. The DOJ goes after operatives and individuals - not heads of state or states themselves. There are some incorrect arguments here - as well as some valid ones. You claim that a reactor is more complex than a turbine (I assume you mean a wind turbine) or a solar panel. This isn't an apples to apples comparison because a reactor provides 24x7x365 baseload power, whereas solar and wind would require MASSIVE storage facilities to be comparable. That is both cost-inefficient and complex. You claim the required number of highly skilled workers is high. Well, is that really true on a PER GWh basis? Reactors generate on average 1GW of power. Solar plants generate 50MW of power, at a highly variable rate. Even excluding the storage requirements, nuclear power likely employs fewer people. You claim that nuclear physics is difficult and complex and therefore costs money. A refined process and established international design can remove these bottlenecks. In the same way that we have immensely complex silicon wafer chips with tens of millions of 9 nano meter scale transistors in them - for only hundreds of dollars. You claim that safety costs money. That's true. But is it an unreasonable amount of money for the amount of power we're providing? A lot of the costs are borne from issues we cause ourselves. The Nevada storage facility is capable of holding literally ALL of the nuclear waste in America. Yet is remains closed because of fearmongering politics. (I think) You claim that storage can be largely solved by national interconnects. But if you look at the massive power distribution systems in Northern Canada - they lose around 25% of the power in transmission alone, going only a fraction of the way that a NATIONAL power transmission grid would require. The problem with renewables remains the storage problem. There are few practical solutions on the scale that are needed, and I find that most anti-nuclear pro-renewable advocates are simply not doing the math. Claiming that nuclear power isn't feasible because "people fear it" is as valid an argument as saying that Climate Change cannot be averted because too many people don't believe in it. The entire point of us having these conversations online is to help convince these uneducated idiots in society, exactly so that we can overcome these challenges. Tightly packed grids don't help because the generation vs consumption disparity is across hundreds or thousands of miles. HVDC and Ultra HVAC sounds nice on paper, but the reasons the industry doesn't use them today are numerous. Again, the grid needs to provide 100% capacity 99.95% of the time. Renewables simply cannot handle that without massive storage that is still only theoretical - and often infeasible. Pumped hydro is a great example of a theoretical storage concept that would only work in a small number of places, and yet still would be a major undertaking with large losses in efficiency. These are just pie-in-the-sky ideas, or flat out unrealistic. Is all war considered murder? kick's comment above is absolutely delusional. It's like something a teenager would write. Im starting to wonder if hackernews is turning into Reddit. > I think the answer comes from ridding yourself of distractions, and asking yourself the question - "What do I want out of life?" I think focusing on the far out end-goal/meaning of life, is actually just another fun distraction. ...as are most time-management tools. Generally speaking, we know exactly what we need to get done, and the problem isn't figuring out the end goal, it is gaining the emotional strength to tackle the work we just don't want to do. There is a time for future planning (2yr/5yr/10yr/etc...) - and that's something we should all schedule for a future planning session. At 40, I'm still working on it. One thing I've noticed is the social component. Working alone is occasionally more efficient - but we are social creatures and being able to share your accomplishments and refine ideas with your teammates (whom you like and have a good friendship with) creates an ENORMOUS positive reinforcement. tldr: Be an important part of a highly interdependent and high functioning happy team. There's just nothing else like it. Is it me, or has the HN user-sphere changes significantly this year. I feel as though comments are less informative, more judgemental, and chalk full of emotions. ...as if a younger crowd of users has started using it. Have the older-wiser HNers started using another site? Point taken, thank you. ...but I am concerned that HN is changing for the worse. More so, or less so, than other belligerent states it combats? Purchasing with debt is pretty standard in finance, so I don't think there's anything useful in that factoid. ...also, if I controlled .org, I would also want to remain anonymous - there are crazy people out there on the internet. I think the underlying problem is that this is being allowed at all. domains that we've registered as .org and hence expected non-interference with, are now under the control of a private corporation. There's also some false equivalency in the quote above. "Environmentalists" is a vague term. If we asked Environmental Energy SCIENTISTS, they overwhelmingly support nuclear power. Agreed. There are way too many advocates for theoretical solutions. The reality is that nuclear power, as is, can solve global warming. The best economies of scale comes from building many LARGE reactors - not small ones. Why does no one ever factor in the cost of dismantling other major projects, like the Hoover Dam, or the Three Gorges Dam? ...or thee solar plants being built, or the wind turbines? Why does nuclear power have this enormous additional requirement that literally no other power source seems to have to account for? The batteries at the scale needed to provide consistent baseload, simply do not exist and are still entirely theoretical at this point. The important flaw in your argument is the use of the word average. A grid cannot make use of average power generation. It needs consistent power generation. ...and storage needed to make that happen is orders of magnitude higher than what's being factored in here. Given the reports of patients being turned away from hospitals, and the images of flooded hospital corridors and ERs, it would be highly odd to conclude that the Chinese gov't "confirmed" cases represent the extent of those infected. The only accurate method at this point is a probabilistic method. Banning bad activity for a public good should not require the government to "come up with" alternate behavior. That isn't the function of government. Based on preliminary contagion rates thus far (R0=3.8), and assuming SARS-like fatality rates (25%), the death toll over the next month in China alone is likely to be in the tens of thousands - estimates are between 40,000 and 120,000. ...for just the next ONE MONTH. They are definitely not overreacting. The only thing that can reduce the R0 level now is transit bans, public gathering bans, and quarantines. The "bare minimum" required by law is still "doing whatever is required to save you life". They cannot legally kick you out if you are not stable. Our company website is the same. We just decided it wasn't worth it to cater to EU users, so we geo-blocked the whole continent. Because bureaucrats can only see "confirmed" numbers, despite the obvious signs that the numbers are wrong. link to claim please I'm still not convinced they aren't just building a simple morgue... or perhaps even just a large covered grave. ...all we see so far is a TON of excavators digging a hole. With a preliminary R0 of 3.8, and two dozen suspected cases under quarantine - we might not need to imagine for much longer. No. It was shown that human to human transmission happened in December. The issue is that the Chinese gov't threatened prison to anyone who reported it. "pretty long", yes. Tens or hundreds of millions of year? No. There are many fossils we have of life from tens of millions, and hundreds of millions of years ago. Humanity has covered effectively the entire planet with items, human bones, and structures that will fossilize and make it pretty clear that an intelligent species was present. The SURFACE of the Earth might not show it, but the fossil of the human femur with a knee replacement, or the plastic GI JOE that fossilized in mud, or the fossilized remains of any number of concrete structures around the world would clearly be visible with a little digging. Many continents will undergo subduction, others will be flooded, or covered in glaciers, but there will be some areas that endure without much disruption. The same argument can be made for rich surface deposits of Iron, Aluminum, Tin, etc... If there were civilizations in the past - even a hundred million years ago - they likely would have mined those. It might be easier to just alter the Earth's orbit than to alter the Sun's H/He supply. ...or just move to Mars. ...or just move to a swarm of space stations. ...or just transcend to and merge with the AI. While intuitively my instinct is to say "well, of course it's not random", but statistically, I don't know how to explain it... There are many social media reports of dead patients not being included in the official tallies. You cannot trust Chinese gov't numbers. Fossil fuels are the same. It burns. It's obvious it burns. The internal combustion engine was inevitable. A few experts in the field have tweeted this speculation. The "army" for these billionaires is an army of lawyers and lobbyists. ... then again that reinforces the existing system, not a descent to feudalism. Even if they had that sort of leverage, we would still gain some price for exerting that control. So it would still be a win-win for the US. No, because there are also many social media reports that patients dying of "viral pneumonia" are not being attributed to Coronavirus - simply due to the overwhelming of medical professionals and the inability to sequence everyone's samples. They aren't spending time confirming that dead patients had coronavirus when they are in crisis mode. It's 3-4 orders of magnitude more deadly than the normal seasonal flu. The mortality rate is similar to SARS, but with far more infections. The above comment saying that it "mostly" impacts elderly is a bit vague. The fact that within the first 100 deaths were multiple young healthy people means it is dangerous for the entire population. People in their 30s and 40s are not "old". Unfortunately, none of the numbers are reliable at this point. People are being turned away from hospitals. Dead patients are not being post-humously tested for coronavirus. Most patients hospitalized arent yet recovered (or dead) yet etc... The only rate we know so far is the dead/hospitalized rate, which is around 13% - which comperable to SARS. Influenza deaths are 2 per 100,000. source: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/fastats/flu.htm SARS death rate is around 10% source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Severe_acute_respiratory_syndr... Hydro is not possible in most locations. Diversification is important, but each region must have its own 99.95% reliable power sources. The national grid cannot provide power beyond a few hundred miles without major losses in power. If you look at Quebec, as an example, they lose between 20-40% of their power in transmission because the hydro dams are so much further north than the population centers. Generation isn't the bottleneck - it's the storage. Solar produces dramatically less power in the winter, and having season long storage is not practical. As an example, the largest plant in Arizona produces only 10% in January compared to June. worldnuclearreport.org is an anti-nuclear activist organization, FYI. They are not an official body of any kind. There are a number of flaws in the conclusions they advocate. 1. They compare raw generation costs, but always neglect storage costs for renewables - which is the MAJORITY problem with most renewables. 2. They claim that nuclear takes long and is expensive, while continuing to advocate regulations to make nuclear more expensive and take longer. I call this the "push someone off a cliff and then accuse him of being clumsy" strategy. 3. Nuclear scales better than any other solution. Storage (at least in North America) is trivial - we have a massive facility capable of storing ALL the waste from the US & Canada, just sitting closed because of politics and fearmongering. 4. Building a nuclear plant takes 10-15 years. The most ambitious "New Green Deal" plan from environmentalists has a timeline of 10 years (despite have no solution to the storage problem). Frankly, if we get to 100% nuclear and hydro in 20 years, that is very much in line with preventing climate change. Note also that China is currently building 24 GenIII nuclear plants. The plant is coming online next year - I would not characterize that as "not working out". But ask yourself "why". What causes delays in nuclear projects? Was it because the technology is somehow flawed, or is it because of the fearmongering and politics around nuclear power that make it a frequent target for the uneducated masses. The Finish reactor projects have faced steep opposition from the Green Party in the government. They have delayed and blocked construction where-ever possible. It is like pushing someone off a cliff and then accusing them of being clumsy. 1. This doesn't address my point at all. 2. Of course you do. Power needs to be 99.95% reliable. We cannot have entire winters without power just because the sun wasn't out enough in one particular June. ..."thermal storage" is incredibly inefficient and entirely theoretical. Your 0.22 number is nowhere in your sources, and is obviously off by several orders of magnitude based off of my original sources above. > A single one. You think they are built in series? Like one after the other? Do you place that same requirement on renewable plants? > To replace the coal power plants of China, one would need to build 1000 reactors. The Chinese plants under construction will bring nuclear from 2% of the current grid to 20% by 2030. So, no, it's not 1000 reactors, it would be 100 - which is entirely doable. ...and indeed they are planning for an additional 1500GW of nuclear power construction AFTER this current set is finished. [source]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electricity_sector_in_China#Nu... ) My favorite Chinese cyber espionage story is the one that was just randomly found when a team was conducting a routine pen-test. Darknet Diaries source: https://darknetdiaries.com/episode/21/ > I wonder how he thought he would get away with it? Simple. Most institutions simply do not CHECK. Think about how you'd detect that this is happening. You'd need to somehow gain evidence that they hold a bank account that is receiving funds originating from China. Not easy. In fact, damn near impossible. So let's look at this case... > Lieber was also awarded more than $1.5 million by WUT and the Chinese government to establish a research lab and conduct research at Wuhan University of Technology. > For a large part of the time frame in question, Lieber was also the principal investigator on at least six U.S. Defense Department research grants ...ah ha. So the DoD caught him because he was being so blatant. He literally had an operational lab in Wuhan at WUT, WHILE working on US DoD contracts. ...I mean, how blatant can you get? Importantly, he was working on multiple US DoD grants at the same time. The underlying assumption here is that he was conducting research funded by the DoD and replicating it at his lab in China. So.... espionage. This guy was conducting DoD funded research, and then replicating that work secretly in a lab in China. Literally espionage. > I'm calling it Unearth... Why not call it Digg? It strikes me that, more than anything, it is the lack of an efficient "Add to Home Screen" flow, that has doomed mobile websites. ...and it's intentional. By having an app store, mobile OS distributors know that they have control over a massive revenue stream. Never underestimate the efficiency gained by completely circumventing the need for permiting, civic reviews, public commentary, funding allocation, bidding, design review, labor negotiation, inspections, regulations, and a zillion other bureaucratic wastes of time. I don't see how FACTA is relevant here. 1. FACTS doesn't report domestic accounts that are funded by foreign sources. 2. Harvard didn't catch this - the DoD did. The point is that other schools could not possibly detect this sort of behavior unless it becomes as wildly blatant as this guy did it. I believe there are specific DNA errors that cause a cell to become cancerous. The effects are not cumulative. It's about statistics - the longer you smoke and the more you smoke, the more likely you will be to get cancer. True - but why should desktop users get a worse source just because mobile users need a mobile site? Maybe posts should have the ability to submit different URLs for mobile vs desktop? (I know that idea is problematic in multiple ways). I also think "wastefull" is the wrong word. It simply has to not benefit the miner MORE than everyone else. For example, if there was a pure public good project that could provide random input / output, then it would still work. Primecoin is an example of that. While finding those specific primes is of extremely minimal value, it would still work even if solving those primes had considerable value - because it would be equally valuable to all. As long as the work is as useful to everyone equally (regardless of who mines), then it still works. For example, if it were solving an incredibly complex mathematical or scientific problem that benefits all of mankind - then the incentive is equal for everyone. It doesnt matter. As long as the value is Equal for everyone, it doesn't benefit that specific miner more than everyone else who didnt mine, then it still works because everyone has the same incentive and same immediate benefit. Finding primes aren't a great example. ... but unfortunately, they are the best example we have so far. Basically, yes - it's an upper respiratory infection. Indistinguishable from seasonal influenza or a cold, until symptoms are severe. There may be some slight differences, but even seasonal influenza and a cold frequently present differently. The numbers we're getting out of China are a mess and almost entirely useless. There are reports of hospitals turning people away unless they a very sick, and also not testing every ill patient because they're overwhelmed. I've see death certificates posted online with "viral pneumonia" because they aren't able to test everyone - and certainly don't bother testing those who have already died. The errors are both ways and huge. The only thing we can conclude is that it's contagious, deadly, and more deadly than the seasonal flu. Yes, and for Cononavirus, it will be even more. If we're talking about online conversations only, then I personally believe that the reduction in AGE of participants online has had a massive influence. Teenagers simply do not have the maturity to have mature conversations. A simple Google Search proves this comment completely wrong... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Significant_acts_of_violence_a... A government held to the standards of over a hundred years ago is still garbage by today's standard. "x is not a new problem" - is not an argument - it's a whataboutism. Every single problem has existed before. ...which is why you don't short - you just buy low with limit orders. Betting shorts will eventually burn you. Negative interest rates have other major problems - that are worse than a liquidity shortage. 2016 was supposed to be the year the bubble crashes. "They" also said their would be a double dip in 2012. I've heard so many doom and gloom predictions in the past - but the one thing they all have in common is a complete lack of specifics. WHAT is going to cause the crash? Which industry has a fundamental imbalance? It's always just some vague notion that "something" isn't right. The most important thing to remember here is that we have ZERO idea how many people are truly infected in China. The Chinese gov't is publishing totally unreliable numbers on "confirmed". ...but the fact that confirmed cases are popping up all around the world, there is ZERO chance that the true number of infected people is 15,000 in China. That just doesn't make sense statistically. It takes time to die. The patients in Wuhan have been sick for longer. You are assuming that the data quality here isn't complete garbage. These data are likely a product of garbage in / garbage out. Hospitals are turning away patients - most patients aren't having samples sent for DNA verification - many patients are too afraid to go to the hospital - etc... We likely will not have a clear picture of survivability for some time. Social media websites all suffer from a phenomenon of being flooded low quality content the moment they become popular. Reddit's content quality dropped significantly the moment they deployed their mobile app, though it had been on a downward decline for a while. I've seen HN being discussed at length on Reddit as a better alternative for "adylts", but now we see the same slow decline here. The important questions are... 1. How can social media sites control quality of submitters. 2. What is the next site everyone over 30 is moving to and how do we stop all these teenagers from following us? /s Well the clock is ticking for non-Chinese companies. When SARS struck in 2003, it took about four months for the total global number of cases to crest. Assuming the same sort of pattern here with the same WFH response, we will see peak VPN/remote usage in April/May. ....so get those requisitions in boys. I think your underlying point is correct - the duration of this outbreak is unknown. Regarding the Chinese figure of 14k - it is only for "laboratory confirmed" cases. Given that Chinese hospitals are refusing any patients that aren't in serious distress, the "real" number of cases is likely already much much more than 14k. There are also reports of death certificates being issued for "unknown viral pneumonia", because they don't have the time to test the dead. This would explain why there are sooo many cases abroad - despite "only" a few thousand cases in China. One virologist tweeted (can't find it now), that he believes 95% of cases are unreported in China. We also have to bare in mind that most non-western countries do not have DNA test kits for this virus. When we look at the updated map of infections, there are glaring gaps in countries like Laos and Myanmar with ALL of their neighbors reporting infections. Those countries are, of course, not immune to the virus - they simply don't have the facilities to confirm cases, and have gov'ts that would rather hide the evidence so as not to disrupt travel/create panic. I don't think we should OVER-react, but also we shouldn't UNDER react. I think it's going to have the opposite effect. Because everyone isn't unaccustomed to working from home - they are going to be tremendously inefficient, and will later assume that all those WFH employees are also therefor chronically inefficient. This is the perspective of the younger generation. People 30+ (which is still, by far, the majority of the population), are not chronically poor. It's an invalid comparison to compare modern economics to pre-financial system trends, because the "system" was highly inefficient. It's sort of like saying "pre-modern medicine, therapeutic bleedings were common, and therefor we should consider them again". This comment is inappropriate and should be removed. It violates the #1 fundamental rule of this forum - to argue the argument , not the arguer . Right, but again this goes back to OP's point that there is a survivorship bias in the models which tends the community to accept the models that both "predict" the past as well as reinforce the narrative that temperatures will continue to increase. Having said that, the reality remains that, even without the models, the CO2 levels are increasing, they are well correlated to temperature increases, and they are expected to increase further - so VERY PROBABLY - climate change is a very serious massive problem. This is all true even without the models. When it comes to the reliability of models, the devil is in the details. ...but, of course, no one should assume that a model turning out to be wrong or biased suddenly negates all the other evidence we have. Models are just one piece of a probability decision tree we need to navigate. Metafilter has no threads and no comment voting (as far as I can see). It's not really the same sort of experience. It's more like a message board - which is too inefficient. Time ordered comments makes for poor content. There seems to be this overwhelming effort these days to attribute the success of successful people as either entirely due to luck and/or to inheritance. The allure of this belief is, of course, the self-gratification that comes with not having to blame your own lack of success on yourself. My company acts as an incubator for insurance agencies, of the many dozens we've setup, most fail, and maybe 20% succeed. What's interesting is how evident it is which ones will fail, and which will succeed within the first month of working with them. Those that succeed demonstrate hard work, intelligence, and thoughtfulness in their work. ...and it's not easy finding those three things in one person. Those that fail tend to have any number of personality flaws ("flaws" might be too harsh a word) that prevents them from succeeding. Many are emotional, which drives them to be very cyclic in their motivation level. Others lack the analytical skills to manage their cash flows. Some burn relationships by being consistently combative. It's honestly easy to ruin a startup - almost any major personality flaw will corrupt such a small team and alienate people. Luck follows the laws of averages - over enough time, the good luck balances out with the bad luck - whereas hard work and intelligence are persistent. Our successful agencies have each had their own story, and been successful at different speeds, but all ultimately made it. As someone who works in insurance, I can tell you that the vast majority of accidents occur in adverse conditions. Creating an AI that only functions on dry sunny days is basically useless from a safety perspective. ...though it does save people time since they can be doing something else while in transit! Are there really that many popular extensions not available on Firefox? I may be just one anecdote, but I think I'm pretty typical, and I've found the transition to Firefox to be quite pleasant, and uneventful. I wonder if they'd be good for my RDS servers... "Rise to Victory" is the way I teach my kids to wake up in the morning. Setting a central focus for the morning, and working to accomplish it before noon is critical. If I cannot finish whatever it is, I usually become so incensed that that drive lasts me the rest of the afternoon. ...and I track every day in my Google Docs journal. I lay out the thing I want to accomplish that day, and then just break it out to the steps needed to accomplish it before the day gets filled with distractions. It turns out, this simple journal is the one habit I've that's lasted more than a year - it's become invaluable. of all the GTD, Pomodoros, Google tasks, etc... ...all I ever needed was a list in a doc that was broken into dated sections. In those cases, have you tried IE instead rather than installing Chrome? I believe the "reputation" is simply the fact that you cannot call someone at Google for support unless you're an enterprise customer (GSUITE). That's the new trend though for almost all companies. Customer telephone support is costly, difficult to manage, difficult to staff, and problematic customers consume an overwhelming amount of resources - orders of magnitude more than their value as a customer. ...on the enterprise side, I've had great experiences with their GSUITE support teams. The online support forums are garbage though - I'll give you that. % growth of revenues among the top cloud providers is the normal comparison. ...and yet, we are still so much further ahead than we were even only 20 years ago. This virus was caught by the early detection mechanisms setup after SARS, and it was DNA sequenced from samples taken from some of the first victims within a couple of weeks - pointing to a near match with a sample collected in 2014 in a cave from bat poop as part of a "preparatory program" also setup after SARS. New sequencing tech has allowed the global distribution of test kits, allowing us to have thousands of confirmed cases shown to us in real time - globally. Vaccines are already in development and the FDA is prepared to fast-track their testing under procedures, you guessed it, updated after SARS. ...and yet, this turned into a global outbreak that we're desperately trying to stop from becoming a global pandemic. Sadly, Chinese prosperity has meant prolific Chinese tourist industries which helped spread the disease robustly throughout South-east Asia. And so there's a very real possibility that, unlike SARS, this new Coronavirus will become endemic and return each year like the seasonal flu, possibly causing hundreds of thousands of dead per year until a vaccine is deployed. Based on projected numbers, it seems like it has spread far beyond our ability to contain it. So while it certainly could have been worse, had we not been as prepared - I like to think that when this happens again 20 years from now, we'll be far better prepared. I'll have to learn to use those three sea shells. No - 2% is only for those sick enough to have the test administered. Many are not even being checked because their symptoms don't warrant hospitalization. Right, but that is because there is a lag in the data. Quarantines have only started recently. The official numbers out of China made absolutely no sense from day one. The number of confirmed cases was in the low hundreds, and yet there were confirmed cases popping up all around the world. That's simply statistically impossible. I wouldn't be surprised if we didn't really have over a million people infected by now. I'm not so sure. Could a western country initiate entire city-wide quarantines at the drop of a hat? Could a western country pull sick people off the streets and forcibly put them into quarantine centers? Unilaterally shut down schools, factories, and transportation at a whim? Maybe. ...but, to be honest, despite their clear dishonestly about the number of infected/dying, they are also clearly taking some definitive actions to contain this. True. ...but the difference is that millions of people might contract this illness - unlike the other ones you mentioned. I think what triggers an enormous amount of panic are the stories from Chinese social media - contradicting official Chinese reports. I cannot tell what's true and what's hyperbole... The government numbers don't seem so bad - but then some of the quarantine measures seem oddly harsh if the numbers were true. Stories of Tencent "accidentally" leaking numbers online that are 10x what the government is reporting - stories of crematoriums being inundated with corpses - pictures of death certificates omitting the cause - the banning of funerals - videos of women being pulled off the street to be forcibly transported to a quarantine center (that one was particularly concerning) - etc... The numbers from China are suspect of course - it's statistically hard to imagine such a global contagion last week with the small number of confirmed cases the Chinese gov't was publishing. I don't want to over react... but I also don't want to under react. The problem is that that data is incredibly hard to mine. Can you clarify what's being transposed in the Tencent leak? Here's the writeup: https://www.taiwannews.com.tw/en/news/3871594 If you look at the maps of infections there are some areas, frequented by Chinese tourists, that are not reporting data. Thailand, Laos, Vietnam, Cambodia - none have been reporting data because they know that a panic will wreck their tourist industry. The Thai government even admitted that publicly - that they would not release data on the disease. The "good" news is that Coronaviruses are not great survivors in tropical climates, so when summer comes, the infections will abate - BUT we are still 8 weeks away from warmer weather (with a doubling every 5 days). The bad news is that if governments do not also stop flights out of Southeast Asia, then there will be a secondary wave of Coronavirus, and it will likely hit the Southern Hemisphere over the summer, and then the entire Northern Hemisphere this winter. The quarantines already banned those in heavily infected areas. They specifically mentioned funerals though... which was odd. The implication is that they are an incompetent bureaucracy, not corrupted. The problem is that as long as you remain an employee, you have a LEGAL obligation to act in the interests of the Corporation. That is the nature of Fiduciary Duty - something all employees are legally bound by. You may "voice your concerns" all you like, but while you're an employee, it is your duty to ACT in accordance with the directions you're given, and in the absence of explicit direction, in the interests of the company. The only way to combat a Tragedy of the Commons problem is through collective action. Unilateral changes actually have a net negative impact because other parties simply consume more (CO2 in this case). I think a more useful metric is per unit of GDP . ...because then it becomes an efficiency metric. "How much wealth can we create with X amount of CO2". > it suggests that wealth is the be-all and end-all of human progress You misunderstand. The point is to quantify economic power. ...because economic power is the ONLY way fix global warming. Because there is a cost to not using that common good and pursuing an alternative energy source. It's very simple. If Country A reduces CO2 production by closing a few factories, and Country B increases CO2 production to replace that market demand, Country A will have spent economic resources in making that change, and Country B would simply be producing what A+B produced before. It's a net negative for the world. I do roughly the same thing with a Google Doc. Of all the apps/tools I've tried, it turns out that the complexity of the tools was really just another form of procrastination. Just a daily list I write out in the morning, and work through - bumping unfinished things up to the next day if needed. These semantic debates are absolutely worthless Having driven in Canadian winters, I honestly agree that reliable autonomous driving in inclement weather is indeed decades away. The visual recognition needed is well beyond the systems today. The bottleneck is the number of mechanical ventilators available. Ideally we want someone on a ventilator to be in an ICU and under a doctor's supervision, but in a crisis you can put a ventilator anywhere. A patient with COVID-19, will likely spend about 2 weeks on a ventilator. Unfortunately, there are only about 60-70,000 mechanical ventilators in the entire US (and maybe double that if you include older less automated ones), and about half of them are for neonatal wards. [source]( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21149215 ). 10% of COVID-19 infections require mechanical ventilation. [source]( https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/record/NCT04244591 ). This means that if the US encountered an outbreak on the scale of what is happening in China, then we would also quickly run out of ventilators, and the mortality rate would be 2-4x what it would be otherwise, rather than the 1-2% mortality rate everyone is expecting. The number of deaths is not being accurately reported either, so both the numerator and denominator are inaccurate. There are mixed reports coming out of China that claim 60% of bodies are collected from homes, not hospitals, and that only 20% of the dead are being counted as "confirmed" COVID-19. Also, we do know reliably that about 10% of cases overall, require ICU & mechanical ventilation. I would not characterize that as "vast amount of mild cases" > it seems likely that pretty much everyone who dies will be tested. Anecdotal reports out of China estimate that less than half of the dead are taken from hospitals. Agreed. The quarantined cruise ship is, sadly, an excellent inadvertent experiment for us. It won't help much with the R0 calculation, but it will give us a good idea for mortality, though it might take 3 weeks to get that number. I am loath to use my real name on absolutely anything I put online. ...and frankly, I do not understand people that do. There are crazy people on the internet, and many of them love to hold a grudge. I just use a Google Doc. It allows me to link to details, paste images, etc... ... and if I actually need to diagram: draw.io. I add a new section for each day in bold, and then list todos beneath. It's the only productivity habit I've ever kept for more than a year. Additionally, of all the pure science research we do with public money, the discovery of alien intelligence would have probably the greatest impact on human day-to-day life. Many of the other commenters seem to believe the research would fail. .... something we obviously cannot possibly know without doing the research. The only thing prior SETI research has demonstrated is that no one is purposely beaming a signal right at us. ...which is actually pretty informative. ...after all, being totally alone in the universe seems somewhat less plausible than the opposite. If this were the bar for doing pure research, we'd never do any pure research ever. The average quality of life in the US has never been higher. SETI has demonstrated that no one is beaming a signal right at us. There might be a reason for that, other than them simple not existing. This was reported a few weeks ago, and there's a podcast (This Week In Virology) that goes into a little more detail - highly recommended. The researchers that mapped the virus were part of a team that was sent to collect samples from bats to help us identify and study viruses for the next SARS/MERS outbreak. Note that "similar" is far from meaning the "same" - it just means the closest match we've seen thus far, and therefore means it's very very likely to have also evolved from bats. ...and they did not test human virulence, so I think the notification n of "missed opportunity" here is a bit of a stretch. If that many people try to get critical care at the hospital, the death toll is going to be much higher than 1%. There aren't enough mechanical ventilators for even 0.001% of the population. This is unlikely. What is more likely is that all of Chinas poor neighboring countries are simply not reporting cases. North Korea, Mongolia, Nepal, Northern Thailand, North Vietnam, North India, Eastern Russia, will keep this infection going until the next major outbreak next winter. yet. ... and stocks are forward expectations of company performance. This is what virologists are expecting since it's clear containment has already failed. This is wrong. The only way to get 0.15 is by dividing dead over total cases - which is not the correct math since most people infected are still ongoing. You have to divide dead over dead+recovered, and outside of China those numbers are still too small to get a reliable number. In China it is 2% outside Wuhan, but inside Wuhan it is over 4% since the medical system has broken down. The German case was later found that the woman did indeed have mild cold symptoms while in Germany. > ~80% of people recover on their own, so a treatment doesn't even need to work that well... 20% of people needing hospitalization and 5-10% needing mechanical ventilation in an ICU does NOT mean treatments don't need to be very effective. ...unless you assume your in the 80% and you don't care about anyone else. Zika vaccine is still in clinical trials. I honestly don't see how this virus could possibly be contained. With almost 100K people infected - and likely more flying under the radar, it seems far more likely that it will return yearly like the current flu until we get a vaccine. There are countries that simply aren't reporting infections, such as North Korea, which will be persistent jump-off points for new outbreaks on an ongoing basis. > the number of recoveries exceeded the number of deaths. China has said the fatality rate is about 2%, and most experts are agreeing it's probably roughly 2% - with all your points factored in. In Wuhan, for example, it's over 4% due to hospital overload. > All deaths are counted... many coronavirus deaths were likely misclassified. That's really the same as being not counted in the tally of Coronavirus deaths. > in countries like Thailand and Mexico... The common theme here is tropical climate that makes most Coronaviruses less virulent. This obviously cannot happen in countries like North Korea, which is likely silently enduring a pandemic that they just won't talk about. Unfortunately, those errors exist on both the numerator and the denominator. Interviews of crematoriums in China claim that two thirds of the bodies they are picking up are from homes, not hospitals. 2.3% is still based on official Chinese data, which is likely totally bogus. Imagine if the flu caused irreperable lung damage. How do you do math on fake numbers of covid-19. The one thing that should be obvious at this point is that developing countries are not reporting their real numbers. China didn't report until international cases arose. Same with Iran. if you look at the map of infected countries, there are several that mysteriously are between infected countries and somehow have zero cases. You cant do math when you have bad data. Is there a clause for death by pandemic? The most remarkable thing here is that the people were tested for Covid-19 by accident because one patient claimed to have contact with someone from China (who later turned out NOT to be infected). ....otherwise this entire infection chain would have been missed. It really makes you wonder how many infection chains exist elsewhere that are still flying entirely under the radar. Given cases like this and broad underreporting from certain countries, my estimation is that containment is impossible at this point, and that therefore we will be in mitigation mode with numerous global outbreaks until the vaccine is available. I don't see how containment is possible without much more robust testing. How can you contain if you aren't detecting? > ... It sucks for commerce and tourism, but that's just too bad. Which is exactly why coutries with heavy tourism, such as Thailand aren't reporting the real number of cases they have (my personal assumption). ...also important to remember that those who recover from severe symptoms (~10%) have permanently damaged lung function due to lesions that formed during infection. I wouldn't dismiss the entire elderly population of Earth "extremely at risk" population. They are our mothers/fathers/grandparents... Countries like Ukraine will not report cases - even if they know they have them. Any organization that claims travel restrictions don't slow virus spreads are beyond incompetent. Moreover, their blind acceptance of official Chinese data is so naive, it is ludicrous. The WHO has been repeating the ridiculous lines that travel restrictions don't work and that China is doing a wonderful job containing the virus. It really depends how much you care about your parents/grandparents. If the projections out of Harvard today are correct and 40-70% of the world population ultimately contracts the virus, and if the mortality rates of those over 60 are correct - then there's a very real chance that many of the people on this thread will be attending the funerals of family members within the next 18-24 months. The internet is full of people in the younger demographic, so it's not surprising they are not overly concerned. I feel like the debate between the "don't panic" crowd and the "preppers" is a useless semantic debate between extremists. You want to react the appropriate amount. For the time being, you should go about your normal routine, but like the CDC said today, you should prepare for some major lifestyle disruptions. I tell my doctor that I lost my meds at a hotel and have them prescribe me another set. I cannot believe people are still saying this. It's literally 1-2 orders of magnitude more deadly than the flu, and 5% of the survivors walk away with permanent lung damage. I think it's already a certainty that it's going to be cancelled - they are just trying to lighten the blow by telling people they're just "considering it". About 4%. That's the death rate in Wuhan with the system maxed out. The limitation is actually mechanical ventilators. Pornhub is going to see sooooo much traffic. This is correct - but I think the point the user above is trying to make is that the game doesn't teach the most fundamental lesson of capitalism - that competition drives adaptation. Then you aren't playing correctly. The way to win monopoly is in trading cards to gain monopolies. The winner is almost always the person who makes the most deals. A player can win the game simple by making the most deals with other players, even if they are a loser in every single one of those deals. It's far more a lesson on negotiations and trading - ie. business lessons, not capitalism lessons. I've always used it as a business negotiations lesson. The winner of the game is often the person who makes the most deals to secure the most property monopolies. The KEY lesson is that you can trade "down" as the loser of every single deal, and yet still win by virtue of the fact that you've made the MOST deals. Making deals captures untapped value. There's actually a LOT more strategy to Monopoly than the people in this thread realize. While that's good news - it isn't statistically significant. You need to do a double-blind test to confirm results. The drug was also shown to be effective against SARS. You know what causes greater panic? An outbreak that only to the attention of the media when corpses start piling up at the hospital, all because an undetected cluster wasn't identified when it was starting. It's almost unbelievable that they haven't closed that Zurich office down. A group of employees I know at that office went out tonight in Zurich for a night out on the town. Google's response here is almost unconscionably irresponsible. It's almost like they want the residents of the city to get infected. They aren't even telling other employees who it was, so employees literally have ZERO idea how at-risk they (and their families) are. They aren't even telling employees which group or floor the employee was in, so employees cannot even gauge their risk level. Imagine going home to your family without knowing if you've been exposed to a disease that has a ~2% mortality rate. ...and then the company asks everyone to come back into work the next day. Google's response here is shocking. This virus transmits most efficiently in a cool dry environment, like an A/C controlled office. That is why the hotel in Singapore and the cruise ship were such hotbeds for transmission. What Google is doing here is acting with complete idiocy - with ZERO regard for employee health and safety. That explains why they didn't release the name of the employee - not why they didn't tell other employees which FLOOR or GROUP was affected. The rate of employees with young children and grandparents is pretty high. What makes you think Google employees only care about themselves? You don't think they (and we) should care about the more vulnerable members of society that they will infect? Of course they need to tell them. These employees have families of young children and elderly parents/grandparents. The office is huge and travel to north Italy is extremely common. No - because I know people in this office and they have not told them anything. They didn't even announce it until AFTER work on Friday. 2 weeks? More like 18 months until a vaccine is distributed. As someone with friends in that specific Google office - I can tell you that employees have been told NOTHING. Google didn't even send the email until AFTER business hours on Friday. Despicable. It is a logical fallacy to assume that because a mistake is being continuously made, that it therefore isn't a mistake. ...also, having an employee IN THE OFFICE have Coronavirus is a much much bigger risk than a random passenger from Milan. This completely misses the point. If people are exposed, they DO NOT KNOW they are sick. There are no symptoms for the first few days even though you're shedding virus. You are most contagious just prior to symptoms The point of closing spaces is to force people who FEEL FINE from spreading the virus further. Yes, the most recent episode of TWIV, dedicated to Coronavirus. Statistically speaking, that's probably not quite true. It's hard to say without more details, but I suspect there are more people in that office that are infected. Are they decontaminating the office? How many emps are there in the Zurich office? While this is true it does not negate the need to mitigate contagion at work. The CDC and WHO recommend a blended approach to response that includes both perpetual containment and perpetual mitigation efforts. It's not one or the other. So to be clear, people CAN spread the virus before they are noticeably symptomatic, even if they are not at PEAK virulence. I remember during the SARS outbreak, one of the most common vectors for mass-contamination was hotel usage. I'm going to stay away from Hotels and airbnbs for the next 18 months until the vaccine is ready. Given that 10-15% of people that get it end up in the ICU on a mechanical respirator, and that even those that survive end up with permanent lung damage, I would argue that selection bias at a time like this is almost criminally negligent reporting. It reminds me of some of the social media that came out of Wuhan. ...people begging for care for their loved ones, only to watch them die at home or in the waiting rooms because no respirators or beds were available. Once respirators run out, the fatality rate jumps from 2% to 5%. Anecdotal, but as someone who takes Losartan daily, it does not make me cough at all... It did make my prostate feel swollen for a couple days though. I'm confused. Losartan is a Angiotensin II receptor blocker (ARB). I thought that was different from an ACE inhibitor... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angiotensin_II_receptor_blocke... https://covid19data.com/2020/02/14/heres-what-coronavirus-do... You are focusing on the death rate too much. People who get pneumonia from this end up with permanent lung damage even if they survive. Diamond Princess cruise ship shows nothing yet. Most those who got sick are still sick. You cannot do the mortality math until people are either dead or cured. Singapore has tested thousands of people, and meticulously traced every single contact. In the US, we are far far worse off with cases popping up everywhere of unknown origin and almost zero testing. I dont know where you heard that number. It doesn't seem reasonably accurate. No, that's wrong math. You cannot assume only the worst 20% have gone to get tested. In China, there are plenty of people dying AT HOME. What country? So, to be clear, a patient should stop taking Losartan if he suspects he has covid-19, correct?