It's also an interactive proof, nobody can store this proof with the balls for other colour blind people to review later. You should be able to use LLVMs libc++ with GCC, just like you can currently use GNU libstdc++ with Clang. I work this out to be about 180 Mhash/J, which is 80-100x more energy efficient than any GPU mining. Also, for anyone wondering: At current difficulty and rate of exchange this will cost you Building any alternative data structure from an unsorted array will require O(n) time. If you only need to find something once, then a O(n) linear scan time is optimal. Would re-introducing a half-penny coin increase the money supply? No. Basically, as long as you maintain proportionality, you can re-denominate currency (or shares for that matter) at will. But what about a fair distribution of toppings? You're describing SRP. The problem, as always, is getting web browsers and web apps to support it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Remote_Password_protoco... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TLS-SRP What!? No demoscene music in my ? I don't see that being a problem, provided everything he wrote is simply a matter of fact. Perhaps I'm an optimist. I find it interesting that Opera are trying to claw back revenue on old innovations while seemingly stagnating. The rendering engine they're dumping in favour of WebKit is fast and slick. The number of new user visible features and the rate of releases has seemed sluggish to me for what must be 4 or 5 years. Doesn't sharing a virtual memory context with the GPU increase the cost of context switching? Also, which CPU core shares context with the GPU? Or are we talking about a fixed mapping (like the kernel)? Aberdeen is an independent city council http://www.aberdeencity.gov.uk http://www.aberdeenshire.gov.uk/ Those of us in the UK who voted for AV+ because we saw it as a step toward proportional representation thought that too. Then the notion that it was a half-baked solution was used as a weapon by the "No" campaign, and now voting reform is off the table entirely for the foreseeable future. Your numbers assume TCP will always be the dominant connection-oriented protocol. Explicit numeric types. Integers in particular. NaCL still outperforms asm.js You're basically describing Piqi: http://piqi.org/ Some language features do preclude some optimizations. For example, once you have dynamic typing you'll typically need a butt load of engineering effort to generate the fastest possible numerical computation. Now that people seem to want to do everything from crypto to image processing in Javascript, projects like JägerMonkey, v8 (method JITs) and asm.js have cropped up that show this is still an unsolved problem in many respects. One could easily make the case that Javascript is, in fact, becoming less and less suitable for the web. Is the eSRAM really that expensive in $ terms? Yield issues? I understood that SRAM was only really 'expensive' in that it chews up masses of die space (which isn't a bad bet going forward because there'll inevitably be a new version at some point with a smaller process) Maybe they want to own it so they can get exclusive control over the ads. The platform really allows many of the kinds of ad revenues Youtube can generate, so could be a sweet deal for both content owners and Yahoo. Namecheap did $1 transfers for Black Friday, which is as good as a renewal if you're already with someone else. Exploiting these offers can save you big if you're like me and have dozens of domains. That said, I wouldn't transfer my most important domains away from NearlyFreeSpeech.net to save a lowsy $6-7. One of my favourite modern regex libraries for C++ is Boost.Xpressive, which allows for parsing context-free grammars using recursively nested rules. After fighting with Boost.Spirit (a more formal parser framework) for some time, I achieved what I wanted with Xpressive in a fraction of the time. From the manual: The theoretical computer scientists out there will correctly point out that a self-referential regular expression is not "regular", so in the strict sense, xpressive isn't really a regular expression engine at all. But as Larry Wall once said, "the term [regular expression] has grown with the capabilities of our pattern matching engines, so I'm not going to try to fight linguistic necessity here." The GNU C++ standard library still includes them as a non-standard extension. http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc++/latest-doxygen/a0006... You seem to know your shit. What resources do you follow to stay current with UK politics? Good distributed voting at scale is still an unsolved problem. Well, it is if you care about both the integrity of the vote and voter privacy. Pay someone enough and they'll come to you. Anyone who believes that a potential new partner with no reason to be loyal to you , and not held back by a confidentiality agreement, won't use your offer in negotiations with competitors is a fool. There were 150+ attendees, this was never going to be confidential. That said, CDBaby were foolish to think divulging these details wouldn't effect their potential business arrangement. They already do. Google have been publishing statistics and reports about this stuff for a while: https://www.google.com/transparencyreport/ None of this is relevant though. These are legal requests. The issue that people should remain focused on is whether or not the NSA has illegal , ongoing, unfettered access to wholesale data under PRISM or other programmes. Everybody here seems to be distracted. The law abiding requests disclosed here could still be served alongside a covert operation. This has no impact on the PRISM scandal. I was mostly referring to your initial post about Allegra Stratton and the various summaries of the MPs involved in this letter. I vaguely follow UK politics but being able to put news in to perspective, and recognise biases like this, is quite useful. It doesn't necessarily require a central bank, which everyone must be compelled to use, it just requires a banking system. If someone wishes to pay you, and happens to use a different bank to yourself, then your bank (whom you, admittedly, have to trust) can work on your behalf, directly with the sourcing bank, to claim the funds. There's quite good reason to trust in this system because our bank knows that the sourcing bank can identify double-spenders. The plus side of such a system is honest bank customers still get complete anonymity, even if the banks conspire against you. The downside is you can never know if your bank is conspiring against their customers as a whole i.e. by not operating in line with their inflation/reserve policy... which of course is one of Bitcoins best features. Please consider accepting payments in Bitcoin! Also, does "Wi-fi security" conflict with HTTPS Everywhere? The features seem to be analogous. All their costs are still in Sterling. It takes a long time to complete the circle and break dependence on a particular currency. Requires registration to download the paper... Mirror: http://tehlug.org/files/solove.pdf Yeah, good spot. An Incognito or Private window will also work. Assuming the RNG isn't duff, which PHP has stumbled on a few times in the past, with session keys and such. This is mindbogglingly bad. How did they manage to introduce a dependence on unauthenticated client-side state for such a critical operation in a relatively new feature? If they weren't willing to hit the database to recall the profile_id for the reset operation, it makes me wonder whether the confirmation codes are in fact deterministic, rather than randomly generated. > CppDB on the other hand is MIT or Boost. It is the best DB library I found so far for C++. Have you evaluated Code Synthesis's ODB? By Jove, you're right! Perhaps what we need is some kind of universal protocol for transferring files. We could call it the 'File Transfer Protocol' or something. > What happened to FTP anyway? It's too hard to set-up for casual file sharing (backup, docs, photos etc.), and it's less efficient and scalable than BitTorrent for wide file distribution (piracy). Perhaps with HTTP 2.0 and IPv6 looming though, we will see some progress on an FTP 2.0 that resolves the issues you mentioned. It's a good point I suppose. I've never had a need or urge to use a service like Dropbox to keep files in sync though. I prefer just to carry my working copies around, or use Google Docs. Maybe I'm missing out on seamless splendour, I don't know. I can't help thinking some of the pain could be resolved if we had a reliable datagram protocol between UDP and TCP. Delimiting a TCP stream to create a messaging protocol is already suboptimal and error prone, and it's the root cause of the head-of-line blocking problem experienced by HTTP ('fixed' in SPDY). Yes, because MS haven't implemented it. That's great, but it means it'll always be a userland library rather than a OS supported networking protocol... which means the API will never be a defacto standard akin to the BSD sockets API. The reference implementation is also in obtuse looking C++... which will hinder bindings to other languages. In short, don't expect to see this outside of Android or Chrome. On the plus side, this is exactly what UDP was for in the first place. So we can move from IPv4 to IPv6 but not introduce a new transport because of NAT? Hmm... SCTP is more modern and still under active development. RUDP only has a draft RFC and hasn't been updated since 1999. My ISPs modem has a built in NAT that can't be disabled, but it still passes all IPv4 packets through in DMZ mode, so there's hope. It didn't even work for me. Scrolling, clicking... nothing causes anything to change. The scrollbar in Chrome is missing. It'll be interesting to see who AMD and NVIDIA decide to jump on board with. I can't see NVIDIA supporting both Wayland and Mir. > I'm not sure any other audio company could make such a claim in the UK. Sennheiser? Personally I'd never heard of Bose until recently, when they started advertising in UK cinemas. But how can you be sure it's not just a very very good self-synchronising PRNG? f( , , ) = This almost makes no sense. Hidden Services exist to hide the location/identity of the server. You gain the same anonymity by visiting ddg.com via Tor. It's cool that they're running a relay though. Compressed swap looks interesting It's not the cost of the storage, it's how slow it to read and write to it. This is still going to be an order of magnitude faster than swapping to disk. In Perl wouldn't the /e modifier live outside the replacement string, as part of the literal regexp, and therefore out of harms way? The issue here is the "/e" modifier in PHP can be injected in to a context where the programmer didn't expect it. The preg_replace function should take the eval modifier as a flag parameter. Perl does have a ?{} eval expression, but it has to be enabled with an extra 'use' directive. The documentation also suggests enabling taint checking or "constrained evaluation within a Safe compartment". Contrast this to PHP, where /e appears to be on by default and there's no mention of it whatsoever in the documentation, except in the change log to say it's deprecated in 5.5. Also PCRE, which PHP uses, is a C library... so I doubt it has any eval functionality. PHP implements this on top of PCRE to mimic Perl. No I'm afraid it's another shoddy PHP design decision to blame here. Eh, the clients anonymity is protected when they use a Tor exit node via a normal Tor session to ddg.com as well. You're right, connections to Tor hidden nodes are encrypted end-to-end ...but so are SSL sessions over Tor e.g. https://ddg.com > Cute rant. It wasn't a rant. > But PHP uses /e in exactly the same way: The /e is part of the literal regexp. PHP doesn't have literal regexps as part of the language. The regexps in PHP are string arguments to the preg_* family of functions. Perl has literal regexps. e.g. $var =~ s/$pattern/$replacement/e. If you inject "/e" in to $replacement variable, what happens? I don't know, my Perl is rusty, but I'm thinking that that would be either an unevaluated context, or a syntax error. > No, /e is not enabled by default. Only as of 5.5. That doesn't make the decision to enable it by default in the past excusable. > pcre_callout() This doesn't look like it has anything to do with /e or code evaluation. It's a callback mechanism that users of the library can use. How it's used is irrelevant, the topic at hand is PHPs behaviour. > To anyone reading this: Don't use /e with untrusted input, it's not safe. You missed the point. Programmers can use preg_replace poorly and not know that /e even exists. That was one point in the article: that this little function has a surprising and potentially dangerous feature. Just saying "oh well, don't use untrusted input" is naive. > Android: slurping phone numbers, texting behind the scenes on your behalf, etc... Debatable. If you install something like Permissions Explorer you can see which apps access your contacts and/or texts. It's generally a small list. And the Google sync features can be disabled. Not really. You can't dynamic_cast across across protected or private inheritance boundaries, even if the function attempting it is a friend. As long as your public inheritance hierarchy maintains your contract (and they should) you're fine. dynamic_cast downcasts in C++ only work across public inheritance. In particular a object that inheritance a Closable interface privately and a Reader interface publicly wouldn't allow a cross cast. dynamic_cast isn't a loophole in the type system, it's there to strengthen it. Well protected is the default. I was under the impression police were moving to digital, encrypted broadcasts. Because it's aimed at business, not families. Fastmail have a family service that is much more flexible imho. The problem is trying to get family to actually pay for email. Some people won't pay $50/year/user for email, I know my parents won't. I had a hell of a time even getting them to move away from ISP provided mail to GApps. Neither of them have managed to use more than 300MB in 3-4 years. In any case, an account with 8 GB of email storage and 6 GB of file storage (Family account), or 10+2GB (personal account) is still cheaper than Googles 'one plan' service. Google just aren't interested in marketing GApps to enthusiasts and families. You're naive if you think hosting in Europe means you're necessarily any safer. They were responding to Gmail, by working on a more modern AJAXy web interface, even before Opera bought them. I remember being concerned about the buyout, but it seems it's been nothing but good for them. Opera are a great company. Now let's talk about how half the higher layer protocols in the world that use TCP should probably be using a reliable datagram protocol... This is perfect. I have a $4 VPS in the States that is crapping out with 50% packet loss in the evenings... and that only has 500GB tranny, 20GB disk and 256 MiB RAM. The general terms of conditions explicitly mention seedbox's. [7.2] "The bandwidth is no longer guaranteed when the server or servers are used for the following activities: ... Server(s) used for downloading and sending files on peer to peer networks (including but not limited to: seedbox)" > This is not surveillance, it's out right censorship. Of course it's surveillance, you think this system doesn't log hits? At this point you have to expect a database query can return what porn sites you're visiting and when. So, do you think your visitors have a problem with Google knowing about every visit to your site? Better to switch to authentication protocols where the server never sees your password. Anyone know if Tim Berners-Lee has come out to say anything about this? I believe he's expressed views in favour of net neutrality and against censorship in the past. With his participation in the Olympic ceremony perhaps, if he were to get in the news, the public would pay some attention. > the responsible thing to do is to at least give your users the option of opting out of such tracking by third-parties Reddit do this. You can choose to load their js from their own servers rather than a CDN. The non-webdev part of me is rather depressed that we've resorted to storing N typically homogeneous records in a way which results in the serialization of field names N times. Wouldn't it be nicer to make the default format an object of arrays rather than an array of objects? In before "but gzip!" Above and beyond the obvious moral debate over whether or not a filtering option should be offered, whether it can be effective, or whether it should be opt-in or opt-out, a number of practical things worry me about having any such architecture in place: 1. Once you classify web activity it becomes more economical, and arguably even justified in order to carry the cost of maintaining the filter, to make the move to offering a tiered internet service (i.e. having to pay more for access to porn) 2. Not everyone in a household may have the same preferences, so you'll inevitably want to to start tracking web activity on a per-person basis 3. Your preferences will be kept by your ISP, probably their partners, and definitely made available to authorities on-demand. "The defendant opted-in to viewing violent pornography Your Honour". 4. To simplify the design the system will most likely require that all 'hits' in any given category be routed to a web proxy system, even while you're opted-out. You can bet that this will be logged meticulously by someone. Hell, some ISPs may even be brazen enough to offer the 'feature' of alerting parents to their kids activities. So it's potentially, "The defendant opted-in to viewing violent pornography Your Honour, and did so on a regular basis." 5. Massive potential impact to the robustness and performance of the web. More middle-boxes. Less flexibility to replace protocols, even HTTP 2.0, in the future. On the plus side, their proxy resolves to about 15 highly diverse IPs, including IPv6 ( cough IPv6 tunnel). There's only one proxy, at the top. The list contains blocked hosts to use it with. > It's weird that there is so much kerfuffle about governments slurping data when services like these pop-up and offer proxies It's not 'weird'. This is a battle of privacy for law abiding adults. Most of public can't even establish that blocking porn requires a system of such depth that it will infringe on their private life, let alone have the know-how to seek or set up these proxies. They could certainly inspect 6in4 traffic, but at the moment major UK ISPs aren't even offering native IPv6, so doing so would be fairly tenuous. Cleanfeed (the UKs child porn filter) is supposed to be IP blocking/NAT based, coupled with web proxies. Given the scope of the filtering this time around though, it may be done by DNS. Let's hope so. It's not just exit nodes that you are forbidden from running. It seems any participation in the Tor network is banned, whether it be a relay, or a personal bridge in to the network. As pointed out by est, you can snoop on SSL certificates passing over the wire and drop connections containing canonical names you don't like, or signed by CAs you don't like. You can also drop and throttle HTTPS connections without effecting genuine use, while completely buggering up P2P and other bulky uses. I'm in the same boat, but the Kimsufi server setup time has said "1 - 10 days" for a while. None of the nefarious services and use cases you list require the presence of exit nodes. Silk Road, for instance, is a hidden service. Obviously I don't know about the rest, but you'd have to pretty stupid to put such things on the public internet. The only people who suffer from the loss of Tor exit nodes are the 'more genuine' or 'more worthy' users who need to use it to escape oppression, or state monitoring. In theory you could run an exit node with a locked down exit policy, e.g. limited to web traffic which is routed through an IWF compliant proxy, disallow HTTPS and/or payment processing sites, add an HTTP header for reporting abuse/requesting blocks, etc. So migrate? Hash the hashes with Bcrypt or PBKDF2. Bcrypt(MD5(password)) is just as effective as Bcrypt(password) at knocking brute force attempts on the head. It's used in Bitcoin as well (after SHA-2) to shorten up addresses. Come to think of it, I think Tor uses it for .onion addresses... which they shorten to 80 bits (of preimage resistance!) Actually TCP is a problem for IRC because there's no (standard) way to query how much data has been received (well, acknowledged) by the other end. This is why if you're unexpectedly disconnected from an IRC bouncer while in a busy channel, the replay can still be incomplete. Lag is also a pig sometimes. Datagram protocols are just more natural for message-oriented communication. QUIC lives on top of UDP. If we reinvent TCP on top of UDP we may as well just throw in the towel on IPv6 and embrace IPv4 + NAT. Why bother trying to fix layer 2 when we're content to fuck shit up on the higher layers for the sake of back compat? IPv6 is our chance to bring back end-to-end networking with stateless routers. Just side load it. You can download the official OTA ZIP which won't factory reset the device. You don't need any 3rd party mods for this because the ZIP is signed by Google. http://www.droid-life.com/2013/07/25/android-4-3-update/ I rather preferred the aesthetic of "guardian.co.uk" to "theguardian.com". The "theguardian" logo is rather fugly. It also seems a bit premature, why not wait for guardian.news? > I have always disliked the fact that UK TLD disallows use of .uk, Nominet have already floated the idea of opening up .UK for top level registration [1]. It wouldn't surprise me at all if they try and milk the market for topical 2LDs either. I actually think it's a bad idea. Keeping a ccTLDs level reserved seems sensible to me. For instance, only UK Limited companies are allowed to register .ltd.uk domains. [1] http://www.nominet.org.uk/how-participate/policy-development... It doesn't matter. The old domain issues a HTTP redirect, so it's effectively dead from a marketing perspective. Probably GeoIP. Visiting bbc.co.uk from abroad always weirds me out because of the ads, restricted content and international centricity. What I meant by "marketing" was the .uk domain is no longer visible to visitors. I don't care about SEO. > The idea to use the top level was rejected, thankfully. It's still on their homepage (pink "Consultation" box) and the wording is "revised proposals". Worryingly they're also looking at introducing residency checks for individual registrations. But... http://www.gupuds.com/ Right, but you can still perform the migration I suggested and flag accounts for a password reset on next login. 256B is quite large for sure, but what about going for 2 nibble lookups in a 16 byte table? Or a 2 bit swap and a 6 bit lookup in a 64B table? (current x86-64 CPUs typically have 64B L1 cache lines?) Instead of the useless EU cookie legislation, we should have had legislation that enshrined explicit privacy preferences in to data protection law. When I signup to a website I'm expected to agree to their Privacy Policy. Both site owner and visitor expect that policy, provided that it's legal, to be somewhat enforceable in court. When I'm just visiting, why is there no such equivalent? The problem with DNT isn't that it can be ignored, it's that it can be ignored without penalty. People who think purely technical solutions (including Ghostery, NoScript, Adblock etc.) are the answer are ignoring the reality of how easy it is to fingerprint and track users on the web. > Should I provide an "opt-out" of all advertising for people who just don't like looking at ads? This isn't about advertising, it's about ad networks tracking users. You could serve ads from your own domain/server and disclose everything you record and share in your privacy policy? https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/169486816475808 https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/329543470461085 because when you're on $150K, and enjoy your work, you won't jump ship to work with a dinosaur like Yahoo just for a pay rise? Well... we have Ethernet over power line, so why not USB? ;) Ordered one on the 25th, which hasn't made an appearance yet, but I messaged them a few days about it and had a reply within the hour. I went through the control panel, not by email. Pretty much the expected reply: exceptionally high demand, 1-10 day wait, blah blah. Incidentally, I think you're only allowed a maximum of 3 personal Kimsufi servers, so perhaps they cancelled yours because it would bring you up to 4? Btw, I didn't pay via PayPal. While it's true that Mozilla can't maintain a list of what services their users are using, there are still security implications to using Persona. Mozilla (or anyone who with their private key) can still enable access any user account on any Persona enabled site. Persona is perfect for blogs, but using it for a service people may be paying for, or handles any private user information (postal address, private messages or posts on a forum etc) is a bad idea. My order from the 26th is finally showing on the invoice (the link to which you get by email) as installed in "Western Europe Datacenter (GRA)". Just waiting for the OS install ("To do"). For £3/mo you can't really complain. Pushing 30,000 cheap-as-chips servers online with next to no support is a really interesting business model. > The forum they run is pretty angry. I don't think I've ever seen a web service community forum that wasn't angry. I don't think it's fair to call C++s type system 'brain-dead' when it was developed pragmatically to be largely source compatible with C. It introduced stronger array types, eliminated Cs automatic void* -> T* conversion and, most importantly, put higher-order functions and types on the table. It might be a warty syntactical abomination, but it can still hold its own against some of the languages of type extremism. void* is used in practically every C library that offers a callback facility. So, basically, ditch CAs and put ultimate trust in the DNSSEC root? Subscribe to LWN.net. It's full of high quality technical content like this on a regular basis and it's cheap. Content is available for free after a week or so, but if you're genuinely interested in this stuff the headlines will sit there teasing you and you'll want to subscribe. Java has a granular, stable and simple byte code, Python does not. Java is amenable to static analysis, mainline Python isn't. Dynamic typing means more runtime, burns more battery. Java also allowed them to leverage a mature and highly optimized frontend. Back in 2008, Psyco/PyPy was there... but fairly wet. Until recently(?) the primary JIT back-end for PyPy was, in fact, still the JVM. You're correct, I was muddling up the projects (I really don't use or have an interest in Python) I thought RPython was only translated to C and compiled ahead-of-time. > C++ - a language not even particularly widely used elsewhere in Apple. Isn't this why Objective-C++ is a thing? Time to play 'privacy theater‎'? Yes, because the "all-knowing Philosopher King" theory works out so well for the religions of the world, where no single person or group of people can radically change how it affects it's citizens, and everything is reformed at a blistering pace. KDE: http://i.imgur.com/TIxP1h2.png How about talking to the Linux Mint guys about it? Another interesting thing about DSA is that the signatures allow for public key recovery i.e. given a signed message, you can (usually within 1 or 2 possibilities) determine the public key of the signer. It's a bit like a handwritten signature where everybody can read your name amongst the scrawl. Most of the time this property is useless, because you want to verify the signature against a known-good key, but it does also mean you're probably not going to want to use DSA to pass signed covert messages. Schnorr signatures actually have a simpler, and I think more intuitive, construction and don't have this property. They also don't require collision resistant hashes. Yes, Bitcoin is one exception because of the digested addresses, but if I'm up to date it's not currently used on the network. There's no opcode in the transaction script to perform recovery, so currently you can't reduce transaction size by omitting public keys. I suppose the primary advantage in Bitcoin is the reduced storage space. If this video was made today it'd be filled with nonsense about Facebook and Twitter. Wikipedia might feature, but I figure email would be a footnote. Impressive, how long did it take you and what were your motivations, if any, beyond fun and learning? Since when did Google start pushing their projects to Github instead of Google Code? Does dogfooding not apply to the big G? Most commercial GPL software outfits make their money by dual-licensing, or charging for support or bespoke add-ons. Nonsense. Just putting GCC source code in to the BSD repository wouldn't magically spread the requirement that the entire project become GPL any more than keeping a copy on my hard drive requires I give the FSF the complete contents of my /home directory. What matters is the dependency/linkage. The GCC 'runtime library exception' firewalls all 'target code' from the GPLv3, and even allows proprietary preprocessors, linkers and assemblers (but nothing that would involve modifying GCC to split what it does in to more granular stages) Most of the ugliness in stdlibc++ comes from the ugly ass naming conventions that are (or were) inherited to prevent conflicts. The quality of implementation in the STL is fairly high, if a bit old. That's because exceptions aren't supposed to be 'handled'. Usually you only catch an exception while you do some cleanup, maybe print some information from it, assuming you even know what you caught, then rethrow. http://andrewkelley.me/post/not-a-js-developer.html Exactly, no harm was intended or done. Somebody posting on your wall doesn't even really impinge on your privacy (Hell, for all intents and purposes Facebook do it for profit). Whatever reward, perhaps reasonably reduced, they pay this guy will be cheaper than any bitterness earned from sitting behind a wall of pedantry with big fat righteous grins on their faces. If they bothered to look at his profile (it's public), they'd see he looks to be a great fan and tinkerer on the Facebook platform. The true intention of the spec is academic at this point. There are millions upon millions of devices out there with one interpretation and they're not changing. Linux can either increase the grace period or be tarnished as having bad USB suspend. > I would much rather see a model where features from the professional edition propagate to the open one after authors earn enough from subscriptions. This wouldn't work. Paying corporations tend to be fairly conservative on the features they use, so it's not necessarily the new features that people are willing to pay for. $300/hr also buys a lot of $5 wrenches. > It seems that if you accept the façade that says "x86 is x86" you're better off writing in C Sure... but also remember that most C code ends up having to be compiled for the lowest common denominator. All your x86 Linux distro binaries for instance will be compiled for 'generic' x86-64, i.e. something compatible with the 10 year old AMD64 3000+. Ok, well you say... we can just turn on arch specific compiler options: -msse4.2 -march=core2 etc, and this is true, but there's still less incentive for compiler programmers to produce wonderful transforms and optimisations utilising SSE 4.2 and AVX2, or a very specific target pipeline/behaviour, than there is for generic optimisations that can be applied across platforms or processor families. In fact a lot of SSE code generated by compilers is fairly rudimentary even with these options. Part of the 'problem' really is we have this model where x86 CPUs are being engineered with additional complexity to run old code faster, even though a lot of that old code generally doesn't need that performance. You only have to look at some of the other architectures to see some interesting approaches that x86 has ignored. Perhaps we need to be more of the mindset that recompiling code when moving from AMD64 to Core2 is as obvious as recompiling it when moving from ARM to x86. Nothing stopping you encrypting your stuff before you put it in to the database. The article doesn't mention IPv6 where things can be a bit more tricky. The Android clients don't let you use TAP (layer 2 tunneling), so if you're going to be accessing your VPN from an Android device you'll have to configure IPv6 NAT, or hack around with scripts to add IPv6 addresses dynamically. You can do this without IPtables, just make wlan0/eth0 the host route for $server and then make the default gateway the tunnel interface. Decent OpenVPN clients do this by default. Note that the Functional course is a recommended prerequisite for the Reactive one and the former runs again at the beginning of September, meaning you can do both in sequence. How would setting the registrar lock have helped in this case? The registrar lock can be unlocked by the current registrar... which was the target in this case. It's good advice, but seems kind of irrelevant. > It's worth noting that while some of Twitter's utility domains were redirected, Twitter.com was not -- and Twitter.com has a registry lock in place. > we decided to test BSON and MessagePack due to their closeness to JSON Then I'm surprised you overlooked Thrift so quickly given that it has several binary and a JSON encoding. There's also an official Go implementation in tree, and you get the comfort of a protobuf-like schema format (which with code-gen means you don't have to rewrite a bunch of code if you want to use it across languages). Other nice options: Apache Avro (no code gen, json schemas, very dense encoding) and Cap'n Proto The W3C have a draft API for hosted JavaScript cryptography: http://www.w3.org/TR/WebCryptoAPI/ Netflix, of all people, have implemented a flavour of this at least once for Chrome: https://github.com/Netflix/NfWebCrypto It seems unlikely that a document produced to justify funding would ever offer up anything which could give anyone a moments pause before the nodding gesture sought. After all, it would be fairly damning if the NSA were defending a high crypto budget by filling the document with hyperbole, just as it would be a trifle suspicious if they suddenly cut the department to a couple of well fed nerds and a years supply of sharp pencils and Mountain Dew. The meagre sentences in this document seem to sit in the bureaucratic sweet spot of positive but vague. Fortunately, for many of us, signing for packages is probably the only frequent use of our scrawl so hopefully the potential for fraud from this hack is lessened. I think a scarier prospect is that signature recognition may make it possible for someone to search for all the packages you've ever signed-for, regardless of the courier or location at which you accepted it. I'd be surprised if couriers weren't already doing this in collaboration with law enforcement. Couldn't agree more. The video shown reminds me of the educational videos they used to show on the BBC in the early hours of the morning in the 90s so teachers could record them for classes... just mind numbing. I think we've learnt now that it's ok for education to be engaging. I think c10r is probably just c-ten-r => center This didn't need proving. They send you JavaScript code, which you trust to encrypt your files. Without a built-in, well-audited, static browser mechanism no web service can ever be trusted with confidential data . If the Feds decide to raid MEGA again they can simply modify their server side script to recognise your IP and serve you bad JavaScript from the MEGA domain, revealing your keys the next time you login. Nobody would be any the wiser. Personally I'm waiting for JS crypto to take off big time and idiots to start using it from a CDN. Meh. Should every site using HTTPS make it clear that hundreds of CAs whom you've never heard of have the capability to perform a MITM? At least with MEGA you know the security framework is something they've engineered themselves, so you know you have to trust them. With SSL/TLS you're deferring to authority simply because it's convenient. You're right, this just highlights the nature of the site in a very effective way. The message here is nobody should be surprised. Hmm, good point. I guess it's a shame we can't pass TLS connection state between processes as easily as socket handles? At least they never got their paws on Qt. It doesn't matter either way. If you wish to account for leap seconds then the device that creates the timestamp needs access to that very same database. The advantage of ignoring leap-seconds on the recorder is you can map any sufficiently precise monotonic clock to UNIX time with a simple linear equation. Personally I think it makes a lot more sense to keep the complexity contained to the decoder, rather than the encoder where bugs could mean you end up not recording an accurate timestamp to begin with. For historical dates, I'd rather everyone knew how to convert accurately to and from UTC (2 conversions), rather than relying on everyone to have a bug-free and up to date implementation of 2 N (N-1) conversions. That said, the exception for local time, at least in my opinion, is agreeing on dates in the future meant for human interaction (e.g. "I'll meet you at 7 AM local time in Time Square on the 3rd of April 2068"). Here time zone rules may actually change before the date transpires, and you can't be sure of the representation in any other zone or format until closer to the event. Their IPs seem to assigned to Hetzner ( https://www.hetzner.de/ ) Which is interesting, because Hetzers standard bandwidth overage seems to be €2/TB (~ $0.26/GB) Good point... It's a shame we'll likely never see the "Annexe (available to BULLRUN indoctrinated staff)" that contains a breakdown of their capabilities. Someone has to write the drivers for the hypervisor. A hypervisor is nothing but a minimal OS that provides a different set of resource management guarantees. You can't make many of those guarantees without access to the hardware. > I really hope Snowden releases some hard evidence or specific citations of what the NSA has broken That's fairly unlikely. The Guardian articles say he never had access to such information, nor was it amongst the documents he liberated. It's not squatting. Squatting is registering a domain for its own sake. Sometimes you register domains for projects and then those projects never get off the ground. I have a dozen domains (I defensively registered all the top TLDs) expiring in 4 days for just that reason. I agree with your sentiment but when someone comes along with the smart idea of running a knife between the business end of the OS and the driver stack we end up with abominations like UEFI that just push the OS's duties in to the firmware. The API of a driver is just as important as the bits they twiddle because it insidiously chains you to a particular abstraction model, i.e. a specific state machine you're building on top of hardware state. This is why Linux doesn't maintain a stable driver API. If you enforce driver API stability then you're boned down the line when it comes to moving from, say, a synchronous model to an asynchronous one. The loss of shark isn't a different problem, it's just another facet of the same thing. From Wikipedia: "[Jellyfish] predators include tuna, shark, swordfish, sea turtles and at least one species of Pacific salmon." ...i.e. a list of fisherman favourites Forget new gTLDs, the current ones are tricky enough: http://publicsuffix.org/ Informative and entertaining, thanks. I think conflating the issue with trademarks narrows my definition. "For its own sake" means registering a domain for no incentive beyond the status or vanity of holding that name, i.e. just because it looks cool or it's short, funny or memorable. I still think it's squatting if I registered yoursurname.com, even though it's not a trademark and wouldn't meet your definition under the ACPA. I still think it's squatting if I have no intention of ragging you in to buying yoursurname.com from me. Maybe I just derive satisfaction from having something you want? Quite often use Monaco myself, it has a very similar look to Ubuntu Mono but less seems less 'rigid' Anonymous Pro is another excellent choice, very crisp. I've read that the same build has been available for weeks via side channels. I'd be interested to hear what VPN providers are doing in terms of physical security and the risk of key theft/infiltration. Depends. Providing the option to cancel an order necessitates authentication. E-mail updates on your order are also nice. Where do draw the line between purchase-time and lifetime user state? I don't know why other comments are being so snarky or dismissive and apologetic in response to this. It doesn't matter whether or not you like the FSF, agree with Stallman, prefer Android, think the problem is rogue apps, the NSA, or think it's all irrelevant anyway due to the secret and proprietary nature of mobile firmware, baseband or hardware. The FSF have made a very astute observation about the implications of having a finger print scanner in a personal device which you can probably not trust with your secrets. Can't we talk about that specifically instead of flogging the same old dead horses? Do we really want to wait a few years until we discover that the authorities have been downloading fingerprint profiles from phones (like they're already known to do with messages and contacts) to acknowledge the insight here? > The government already has your fingerprints if you've ever left or entered the country, and they've likely been taken during other periods in your life as well. So, because it's pervasive, it's absolutely fine to allow it to become more pervasive? Fyi, I'm approaching 30, have travelled widely, and to my knowledge have never had my finger imprints taken. I see no reason to find this acceptable. Not all countries are as fucked as the US in wanting your biometrics. > is this feature being touted as a impenetrably secure way to unlock your phone? That's not the issue, it's the fingerprints themselves that the FSF and many of us are concerned with. Sure, you do leave your fingerprints everywhere you go... but I really can't see a team of spooks dusting down the counters in McDonalds or the handrails in the subway to establish a national database. On the other hand, I can totally see the Facebook mobile app using fingerprints for remote authentication and then the authorities gaining access to that data store. > If you can't trust the phone vendor, why are you not more paranoid about entering your username/password on the device? What about location data? 1) I can use a password that's unique to the device, my account, my app, or the the colour of my underwear. My fingerprints don't change. 2) Location data is less avoidable because it tends to be a by-product of optimal operation of a mobile device. Even excluded GPS, cell towers can be used to triangulate your position well enough to be useful to advertisers, for example, but that same raw data is totally needed for hand-off between cells and managing network coverage. 3) Again, existing concerns don't make new concerns OK. This isn't their ordinary "closed is bad" message. It's more like "closed just got worse, and this is why". Dusting and lifting all the prints to be found in public spaces is infeasible and the results can't be correlated with identities. The move to mobile phone scanning opens the door for more cheap, mass digital data harvesting. In effect, you're making the same argument that claims it's OK if the government track every car in the country by optical plate recognition, across a vast camera network, because "Hey! you're out in public already!" The difference in both cases is only a matter of difficulty. > My long term goal is to tailor an IRC bot to represent me virtually while I am unavailable (at work, etc). Sounds like you want http://wiki.znc.in/ZNC And how do we know that is really the case? It could be partially persistent and you'd never know it. WPA2 is fine for what it's intended, provided you're using a long random key, otherwise the number of key-strengthening iterations could use some beefing up. There are a few problems with all PSK schemes that make internal attacks problematic. Anyone who sniffs your initial handshake and knows the master PSK can read your traffic. There's a lack of mutual authentication. Having a scheme where each device registers its own password with the AP would probably be better. Other than that, it's generally a good solution, why do you feel it needs replacing? QR codes could make entering secure keys in to mobile devices easier. Variations of Wi-Fi quick set-up can also be made reasonably secure, implementations just suck. MAC filtering is useless, even in combination with WPA2. An attacker only has to sniff for a MAC your AP is happy to talk to and then changes theirs. Google can also install anything on my phone remotely. If your key type is lexically sorted, you can also do prefix searches in a binary search tree. Pronunciation can be a very individual or regional thing when it comes to technical abbreviations. I just finished watching the Channel9 GoingNative talks (C++), and was surprised to find a couple of the most respected C++ guys pronounce 'ptr' as 'put-er' (not 'putter') instead of 'pointer'. Personally I'll continue to pronounce it as 'try'. It has, at least, fewer conflicting interpretations in a programming context. When I say 'tree', people will probably assume I mean a binary tree, not a radix tree. So, if I'm not going at 30% light speed, I'll just say that. Did you need full prefix and/or suffix string matching? Now you're getting it. I also pronounce 'char' from C as if it's short for charred, rather than character. Principally because I find it easier easier to say 'char star' with that vocalisation. I know one guy who, if speaking quickly, would pronounce 'char* sugar' as 'caster sugar'... come to think of it, I'm not sure how Americans pronounce 'caster', but in the UK it's car-stir sugar. Not 'Casper', as in the friendly ghost, but with a 't'. I've never had a problem with people using different pronunciations. It certainly keeps talking about code fresh. Plant hackers in Iran (or just buy Iranian blackhats). Hack someone. If you're caught, blame the Iranians. Two birds, one stone. Not so, active MITM is absolutely required if you want to get around PFS. The best thing you can do is make sure your WPA2 password is totally random and long . Everything else is icing or next to negligible importance. Even an unprivileged compromised PHP script can open sockets and send email. Is it your intent that your server be able to send spam? Having separate iptables for IPv6 is painful. Are there any means to address this? My dedicated server provider ships grsec enabled kernels by default. Admittedly, they tend to be a bit stale. There were people who shared your opinion about XP->Vista. Then 7 came out many of those people were happy to go from XP->7. So, I doubt 7 will be your final Windows OS... If they haven't pissed you off enough to move yet, you'll likely end up using Windows 9. Afaik the usual practice when you want to hammer to the type system in to the dirt is to reinterpret_cast a pointer to FROM to a pointer to TO, and then dereference it. Alternatively just do a memcpy() While interesting for bespoke applications the problem is, if you take this concept to the extreme, you end up with a traditional operating system... except it'll only run Erlang. begin() and end() return iterators. Python has iterators too, so this concept shouldn't be alien to Python programmers. reverse() is a generic algorithm that operates on any pair of bidirectional iterators. Actually, in C++, you ideally wouldn't reverse the string at all... you'd just call str.rbegin() and str.rend() to grab the reverse iterators, and pass them straight to your next algorithm. The two approaches are just as consistent as one another, Python just uses a terser syntax (which, in my opinion, isn't as obvious). In C++14, if all things go according to plan with Concepts Lite, you'll be able to write a short 3-5 line, reusable, version of reverse() that takes your string (or container) as one argument, deduces at compile time, during overload resolution, that begin() and end() return bidirectional iterators, and then does the right thing. Failing that, C++14 may introduce Ranges. So C++ is only getting terser. Yep. A legacy language that underwent a major revision 2 years ago, with another coming next year, and another planned for 3 years time. What about resources other than memory? The problem is your proposed [] syntax implies random access. Many algorithms and data structures don't require or support random access. Less is more, but my ideal 'less' probably isn't your ideal 'less'. That's why we need more... so we can all have less. C++ covers many domains and programming styles really well. Just because it doesn't cover some as well as some other language, it doesn't mean C++ as a whole is a lost cause. This is true no matter how many domain experts and language advocates attack it. It's C++s huge scope that opens it up to attacks from every corner in the first place. Frankly I'm getting tired of reading articles from people who think they can proclaim "what C++ is about" any more than I can proclaim "what Go is about" or "what Python is about". Even Bjarne himself admits he doesn't know all the ways in which people use C++, and that's how he likes it. libc++ (the Clang project standard C++ library) doesn't use COW for std::string, and I'm pretty sure GNU stdlibc++ will also drop it the next time they have to break ABI. C++11 move semantics and the 'small string optimisation', as it's known, blow away any performance benefit of COW for most sane uses. There's no point. Just make your class movable. I don't have a copy of the final 2011 standard, but as far as I can see there's nothing in the latest 2011 draft of C++11 that expressly prohibits COW. [21.4.1.4] does say "Every object of type basic_string shall use an object of type Allocator to allocate and free storage for the contained charT objects as needed", but that "as needed" most definitely leaves the door open for a COW implementation. The only other part that I can see that may preclude a COW implementation is the postconditions specified for copy operations [21.4.2], which says data() returns a pointer which "points at the first element of an allocated copy of the array whose first element is pointed at by str.data()". Again though, "allocated copy" doesn't necessarily mean "a copy I just allocated". When I go and get a copy of a book I don't literally go and copy it. In fact the standard specifies that the move constructor leave the source value "in a valid state with an unspecified value"... which again suggests you could use COW and have the source argument return the same value it had before you moved from it. In the latest C++14 draft though (N3690), you're right, it is explicitly prohibited because "Invalidation is subtly different with reference-counted strings". Hmm true. This is what happens when you let the user violate the iterator abstraction for performance and rely on contiguity and raw refs/ptrs. It's kind of a shame, because the moment you mutating characters in a string you're often doing something silly anyway. Algebraic solutions are fascinating. I was hooked on Sage for a week or two solving similar problems. I solved this one using brute force though: array , 6> tumblers = {{{39, 90, 75, 88, 15, 57}, {9, 2, 58, 68, 48, 64}, {29, 55, 16, 67, 8, 91}, {40, 54, 66, 22, 32, 25}, {49, 1, 17, 41, 14, 30}, {44, 63, 10, 83, 46, 3}}}; template bool solve (It tumbler, It end, int const sum) { if (tumbler == end) return (sum == 0); for (auto const pin: *tumbler) { if (solve (next(tumbler), end, sum - pin)) { std::cout 20 if they use their toes. 4 digit pin? I use a 12+ character alphanumeric password on Android. A KDF wouldn't help with a 4 digit PIN > I am always wary of services like OVH that offer "unlimited" anything, because it is always limited, and unlimited means that your peers will be saturating switches because it's "free" Comparing bandwidth between OVH and AWS is a little cheeky. Bandwidth on AWS costs an absolute fortune, not remotely economical for bulk transfer. The switch saturation problem doesn't even necessarily go away if you instate X TB/month data caps. I would have thought local switches could handle it anyway, with cheap boxes typically only having 100Mb ports. Some data centers don't even charge for internal traffic, which means you're still exposed when cheap VPSs and dedis are used as P2P file sharing nodes and are exchanging a lot of traffic within the building. In any case, I'm just grateful the multi-terabyte range is so affordable, bulk transit costs in the data center has been falling year-on-year for a decade, and lots of hosts don't seem to have passed on the benefits. Incidentally, OVH do have different SLAs across their server range. The low end stuff is "best effort", the more expensive options are supposed to be "guaranteed". They even tell you what switches they use. > OVH is very, very bare bones, and you'd better have an escape hatch because the simplest configuration error can leave your machine incapacitated and beyond reach Their network boot facilities are pretty handy. As long as you use a sensible filesystem you can always network boot their recovery option and access your files (and I think chroot in?). The lack of KVM is annoying though... especially when you're like me and compiling and running custom kernels (but you can network boot one of their kernels as well). I think switching to Android would be a disaster. "Just another Android phone" is something we see already in the market, with very few players actually differentiating themselves. Hold out with a handful of servers until Google bought you. Strange. I thought the reason for shutting off your phone was so you were more likely to pay attention to wtf is going on. You know, for safety procedures etc. > the collision and preimage resistances are the same. > The idea of a hash function which outputs 256 bits having only 128 bits of preimage resistance is unprecedented. But does the SHA-3 construction mean a collision attack will further enable a preimage attack? Most breaks in recent cryptographic hashes have been confined to collision attacks. Even MD5 (publicly) hasn't been shown to be vulnerable to a viable preimage attack. It's worth remembering that just to count to 2^128 it'll take a 3 GHz core with a single cycle increment instruction, along with a billion of its friends, over 3 and a half trillion years. Also, even if a 128 bit meet in the middle could be computed, it'd require an unfathomable amount of memory. This 'the PC is dead' nonsense will come full circle eventually. Phones and tablets are PCs, we just haven't yet got to point where we can satisfactorily dock them with a full desktop accessory set. I personally see a scenario where everyone has a nice big LCD screen, full sized QWERTY, and probably still a mouse, in their study at home but carry their 'beige box' in their pocket. Just 5-10 years out imho. Unfortunately I think Windows is still positioned best to make this happen. Yep, and I'd put them at #2. I'm pragmatic, I don't necessarily think the best solution will triumph. One thing Ubuntu phone is doing wrong is dismissing Android. Dual booting is absurd, it doesn't promote sharing app data or a seemless user experience. This is more interesting for what it means for Opera than for what it means to Fastmail. First they abandon their browser engine, now a top-notch webmail offering. What do Opera even offer these days that you can't get elsewhere? What 'long term vision' is Rob speaking of? Because (3D) AMD drivers have been stellar on Linux so far? > I am thinking Opera want to be acquired? Possibly. They were uncannily quick in adopting Blink. The series of events seemed to be Opera->WebKit, Google->Blink, Opera->Blink... so perhaps they want to get cosy with Google? Although, I can't see what G would want with them. I think it's also known that, sometime around IE7, Microsoft tried to acquire them. Microsoft have long since made their bed though... unless they want a better mobile browser. Either way, it'd make total sense for Opera to ditch their email operation if they were looking to be acquired by a business with an established email product already. Especially when many Fastmail customers are there because of their particular niche in service. Perhaps it's the new Blackberry group? Dark horse! :P > and they removed the email client. And the IRC client and BitTorrent client? Personally I think it's more likely that we'll adapt over the next few generations to cope with it, than it is that a conscious effort on our part will reverse the trend. People underestimate the rate at which social behaviours change. I'm 27 and have younger cousins who have completely different social conventions and understandings in and out of school than what I experienced. Much of that is due to pervasiveness of the net and mobile. It's really bizarre. This made me install an Android app (Seismograph) to test to see how my Nexus 4 picked up my key presses. I had it set to the maximum sample rate, with my phone on the desk as close to my laptop as possible whilst not touching it, and it couldn't pick up anything. I suspect therefore this is more of an issue for to-the-desk peripheral keyboards. It does make me wonder though if the sound of each individual key press is subtle and unique enough to be identified. It's not really a 'hack', but making it backward compatible with ASCII while maintaining a lot of other desirable properties is quite elegant. A lot of people complain about not being able to easily or programmatically manipulate UTF-8 strings on a character-by-character basis, like it's a typical programmers daily business to go messing with natural language, but I've never seen the great loss. Unfortunately many variable length integer encodings aren't well thought out. The integer encoding used in Protocol Buffers for instance allows for multiple valid encodings of any particular integer (there's no one true canonical form)... which can make the format difficult for use with things like hashing and digital signatures I don't think I've ever seen such a comprehensive summary of opinion on Bitcoin from so many different names inside what could easily be from the digital cash chapter of a yet-unborn history textbook. Zooko (known, to me anyway, for Zooko's triangle), Stefan Brands and Wei Dai are all names I recognise from casual research on e-cash, and it's great to see such a rich set of citations. http://xkcd.com/1138/ BitTorrent was never designed with downloader privacy in mind (and not just because of the trackers, the DHT, PEX and the core protocol are all leaky as hell). Just because something is decentralised, it doesn't follow that privacy is somehow intrinsic. Why do we have any reason to trust BitTorrent, Inc. over any other organisation? At best all these self-centered attempts are going to fragment the messaging market and make make even more unlikely we'll see an open, federated chat protocol reach popular use. Good security practices are something that have to be woven into many departments: design, development, testing, etc. Most of the researchers who report these kinds of bugs are more like hunters than zoo keepers. They wan't to go where there's fresh game, and they specialise in shooting holes in shit. If you put them in a zoo, their skills are going to be wasted. Besides, I suspect working as freelance l33t hacker is more profitable and gets you laid at parties. Source: https://www.htbridge.com/news/what_s_your_email_security_wor... Happen-stance of birth? What are the rules there about citizenship by birth? In the UK one of your parents has to be a citizen, or have been "legally settled" (allowed to stay indefinitely). The information they used to find him came from before he set those safe guards up. Long story short, he was sloppy in the early days. Everything on Youtube is publicly indexed. It's therefore accessible to copyright holders and authorities. Megaupload (and all file lockers) were set-up as if your uploads are personal and private, but to still allow files to be shared by passing around direct URLs. This is why Rapidshare (who were once one of the biggest of them all) ditched their sharing capability and are now left alone. It's the cliques that are the problem to vested interests, not the frivolous sharing. std::shared_ptr is not thread safe, only the control block shared between all of the std::shared_ptr objects is thread safe. This means you only get a locking penalty when shared_ptr objects are constructed, copied, or destroyed, but not moved, dereferenced, or casted. Both construction and destruction will allocate or can release memory, respectively, which I would think would bottleneck before any atomics or memory barriers inside shared_ptr. To me, the first likely port of call for improving performance in these cases is therefore a custom memory allocation strategy like a memory pool. Copying can be a concern, but most containers and standard algorithms should be move aware now. You should be moving shared_ptr's far more often than you copy them. All that aside, thread-safe by default seems to be the sane decision in this era. Ok, put another way... all videos on Youtube are videos and relatively transparent, easy to view and inspect. On a file locker your files are opaque mysterious entities that the site can't hope to inspect. There's a link at the bottom to access the original homepage and then download the software. Wow, I love the Thalmic approach. I wonder if the sensor data from both approaches could be integrated for better accuracy No, it's two factor. If you look at the crypto page the scheme he proposes uses an 'identity password' in combination with a strong KDF (scrypt). The resulting hash is XOR'd against the masked master device key. SQRL doesn't require a password for each site. The password protects the master key, which is reconstructed before the site-specific key is derived. Technical crypto spec? I think you can MITM this by presenting legitimate (proxied) ycombinator.com QR codes on e.g. ycombigator.com. The app would still authenticate to the legitimate site and then 'activate' the session, and ycombigator.com could have at it. HTTPS won't help either. The problem is there's no way for the phone app to transfer additional secure session cookies back to your desktop browser, so this has to be the case. Sure, the app will display the legitimate domain or URL but the user probably thinks that's what they're viewing on their desktop anyway, so will likely accept. Requires mutual authentication. The malicious site in the middle can download the legit QR server side (e.g. using PHP) and simply spoof the referer, then present it to the visitor. Where will a referer check help? Bitcointalk is a busy site. It's could be the most they could get away with without burdening their server Sure, and that's one of the problems with server-side key strengthening. You start off making a cracker do a thousand or million fold more work. They go and get better technology, like a GPU or an ASIC. So then you have to go upgrade your own hardware, or skimp and make the user wait for 1, 10 or 30 seconds while they login and you strengthen their password. It's an arms race and not something a star-topology (single server serving potentially thousands of users) is going to scale well on. You want those cycles rendering your HTML or doing something valuable. Client-side password stretching and memoization simply makes more sense. I think the reason both versions lack conciseness is because they're faithful translations of one another. I wouldn't call either well structured, but maybe that's because I don't understand the problem domain well enough. T() in the C++ versions especially looks awful. -- Why should I be forced to choose between different "smart" pointer types If you don't want to decide then write all your types with value semantics and pass by value. How types are going to behave when passed should be decided before you write 'class{}'. It's a semantic decision. For types that you're borrowing, and not writing yourself, pass a shared_ptr or refer to the documentation. -- Why should I be forced to decide how variables should be captured by a lexical closure? Same thing applies. Auto capture[=] everything by value. If you're type doesn't have any (sane) value semantics, use a shared_ptr or a reference. -- You can throw exceptions, except for the places where you cannot, and once caught you there is not much you can do to fix the problem. You can throw an exception anywhere safely in correct code. The default assumption in the language is "anything can throw, any time, anywhere", so if your code doesn't at least provide the basic or weak exception guarantee you're swimming against the tide. Doing so usually improves the encapsulation and structure of code imo anyway. -- once caught you there is not much you can do to fix the problem. Exceptions are more like hardware exceptions or page faults than typical error states. You should only throw when you cannot reach a state expected by the caller. Ultimately, it comes down to API design, not philosophy. // Clearly the only sane thing to do here if you can't stat() the file is throw an exception. size_t get_file_size(string filename); // Some flexibility. Could probably avoid throwing. optional get_file_size(string filename); // Better still, and easy to overload with the above optional get_file_size(string filename, error_code&); ... the better your API the better you can avoid having to throw. This isn't a new problem either, if you look at the C standard library there are many deprecated functions that provide no means of reporting an error at all except to return undefined results. -- extending the language is impractical. Writing STL-like generic algorithms is trivial. Writing new data structures is trivial. Existing operators can be overloaded to augment scalar types or, more ambitiously, re-purposed to create DSLs. You have user-defined literals. Initializer lists and uniform intialization. How would you like to extend further without it being completely alien to the existing language? -- I actually switched away from C++ when I needed my code to scale better, because improving the scalability required a high-level approach and I did not have time to debug low-level problems You should write more about this. -- C++ gurus wind up having to deal with dangling pointers, buffer overflows, and other needless problems with their code Not really bad pointers and buffer overflows these days. More slogging through pages and pages of compiler errors and hunting for library solutions to problems that should really be solved in the standard library (For me lately: ranges, matrices, more complex containers). In any case, all languages have their share of friction. Look at that new Bitcoin daemon written in Go that hit the front page a few hours ago. The author had to debug 3 separate Go garbage collector issues. So is this just an few-click OAuth thing? Click the button on a 3rd party website, and if you're logged in to Amazon, they send over your details, charge you, and you're done? I suppose it doesn't hurt that you can also then glean statistics over what your readers are checking out. A pipe is really just a memory buffer. When it gets full, the writing application will block and wait for the reading one to drain it. So in some respects they are primarily IPC and synchronisation mechanisms. If the Feds seized the server why would it be a surprise that the SSL certificate has been compromised? The server is where the private key lives... I'm glad they're promoting IPv6, but I very much doubt the 'experience' will change one iota I think it means the note acceptor is physically capable of recognising notes from 200 countries. You presumably only configure it to accept notes from one currency at a time. This works just fine: map > d = {{0, {1,2,3,4,5}}, {1, {6,7,8,9,10}}}; Imho, C++ should be thought of as a new language with a degree of backward compatibility with old C code, not as a 'bigger C'. How I'd start: Lesson 1: Pointers don't exist in C++, we have references. Lesson 2: malloc() doesn't exist in C++ Lesson 3: Templates are awesome. Lesson 4: Smart pointers are awesome. Lesson 5: 'Structs' can have constructors, and they're awesome! Lesson 5.5: Exceptions are awesome! Lesson 6: 'Structs' can have copy constructors and assignment operators, but the default ones do exactly what you'd expect so you shouldn't have to write them often. Lesson 7: OK, OK... pointers still exist in C++ but smart pointers and references make them almost deprecated, right? Lesson 8: ...oh, and if you use raw C pointers you need to do all this extra donkey work when it comes to handling exceptions, and write a lot more of those pesky copy and move constructors and assignment operators I told you you didn't need to write. Example: writing a smart pointer (with C pointers!) Lesson 9: Implementing a safe, dynamic, exception-safe array in C++ using templates and C pointers. Lesson 10: back to sanity, the ease of using (or the output of lesson 9) in every day code. Introduction to the STL, , etc. ...and so on. The idea is to first teach the common C++ way, and then teach the penalty of ignoring it and going the C way, and then the places where you need to pay that penalty. Imho teaching inheritance or virtual functions early is also a bad sign. I'd go with public/private access control first (leaving protected), then member functions, then pure virtual member functions and basic inheritance, all the while presenting no hint of Circles and Ellipses, just interfaces. Exceptions allow you to leverage value semantics and safe reference semantic abstractions like smart pointers. If you fail to handle them properly you will also discover bugs a lot sooner. And composing an email to send someone money is secure how? What stops someone from spoofing my email address, CC'ing it to cash@square.com, and clearing me out? And if someone does get in to my email account I'm toast? if you link your mobile phone number 'Dutchman' seems to be unisex in the English tongue. Indeed. Bitcoin transactions all contain validation scripts that are run through a stack-based interpreter. This Forth-like language does lack loops but, even after being there for years, the current client still only accepts a small set of standard templates. Despite other criticisms, you can pry my $60/year dedi out of my cold dead hands (2 GiB/500GB/dual core Atom) You get what you pay for. Nothing wrong with a 5400 RPM drive with those specs for hosting a personal website, backup, VPN etc. I've had 100% uptime over the last 3 months (externally monitored), used terabytes of bandwidth, and get 20ms ping over the Channel. You can't beat that on price. I think it's an artists job to get the viewer to take pause and reflect. Whether that means reflecting on the state of society, the human condition, sexuality, property owner rights, or the raw beauty and majesty of nature, doesn't really matter. So basically it caches the native code produced by the Dalvik VM? I'm surprised Dalvik doesn't already do this. Can the rates really be that much better than any other online FX payment service? 2% all-in seems to be the going rate for the ones I've used. Since both sides on an exchange are looking for the market price, that only gives you 1% of potential improvement assuming the market is sufficiently liquid and efficient. If one user beats the interbank rate, that implies that the other side of the trade lost out. The same number of customers who 'beat the market' also lose out by definition, so I think that's something to be wary of marketing. In any case, my 1% assertion seems to be correct judging by a €600 purchase compared against FairPay (£513.73 rather than £519.26). Incidentally, is your name inspired by Betfair? You can't make a member function template virtual because it's just a template, the function doesn't exist until it's statically instantiated. Instantiation can happen across units of compilation, making it impossible for the compiler to generate a vtable with all the instantiations within it. It's not a "tacked on" feature/limitation at all, and I don't see how any statically typed language that allowed function overloading could really work around that issue. I'm not sure what you mean about the operator overloading thing. Don't be shy. Give us the names of the slow and fast algorithms 3 hour commutes aren't uncommon...in the States. Pretty rare in the UK. Bah! One of the problems with headstone engravings is they erode and become unreadable. This really doesn't help amateur genealogists like myself unless the code is woven deep in to the stone with a sufficiently redundant encoding. I'm more worried about the potential lack of reliable , public records in the future, given that the likes of the UK government want to do away with the national census altogether and rely on a hodge-podge of semi-private records. Most people alive in the UK today will be cremated anyway. Not to mention, if this catches on, we'll likely end up with fields of stones that look like ass with no sense of majesty. This just seems like the worst of both worlds for Mozilla: 1. You can't guarantee the code will remain open. 2. You still can't build and distribute modified works even with the code you already have, because of patent constraints and licensing. 3. You're using binaries from Cisco which you can't verify (unless they're going for deterministic builds). We already have mature, high quality, open source implementations of H.264. Why can't Cisco just build and license one of those? I for one will not be installing the binaries. You can use ffmpeg/libav's decoder in non-GPL or even proprietary projects, since it's LGPL. I'm not a video codec enthusiast, but it seems natural to me that low latency/real-time constraints on the encoding process is going to mean you're not benefiting from H264s full potential anyway. High profile H264 encodes are incredibly slow, and there must be other codecs that fill the streaming niche. This may benefit hardware and corporate conferencing gear manufacturers (aka Cisco?), but I don't see how the encoder specifically benefits Firefox users. Interoperating with legacy systems? What legacy systems? The majority of Firefox users currently don't use WebRTC with H264 streaming at all. This is a very new thing. Maintaining legacy only seems to benefit Cisco. > if they get an AAC decoder from somewhere it'll provide H.264 decode to Firefox users on XP. aacdec.c and friends in ffmpeg git seem to be LGPL also... Personally I'm overjoyed by that lukewarm response. Regarding the choice of the secp256k1 curve: ECDSA signature verification is fairly slow and sipa, one of the Bitcoin developers, has been developing a faster implementation[1]. If anyone has any crypto expertise and can review the code, or otherwuse can provide further optimisations or patches, I'm sure it'd be appreciated. https://github.com/sipa/secp256k1 There will be a ROM for you somewhere. Us humans are insanely proficient in adapting to weirdness and suboptimal environments, and plain retarded when it comes to coping when others mess with what we're used to. Classic example: the QWERTY keyboard. If you want to do a fun experiment, try and watch the pain in two subjects faces. One who has never used predictive text trying to use it for the first time, and one who has used it for years and is trying to use an old phone without it. Now imagine a scenario where every predictive text implementation had tailored itself to the user. So the future is full of cloud outages during which you can't play any of the games you paid for? Google will never deprecate 3rd party cookies, and without cross-vendor support Mozilla will be attacked when sites start breaking. It's a real shame, I've been blocking all 3rd party cookies and referrers for years and really want to see the web to a more privacy concious model. With all the web features tracking tricks out there now though, I feel it's nigh impossible. Take for instance, common Javascript libraries hosted on CDNs. Every time you visit a jQuery based page where the js file is on a CDN you reveal to the host of that CDN (e.g. Google) what website you're on. You also put complete faith in that 3rd party CDN provider for your security. 3rd party cookies are just the tip of the iceberg in terms of how broken the web is for the privacy concious. That's easy. Just ask me (the user) for permission and explain why you would like to do so. If your users don't like it then maybe you shouldn't be doing it. On the server side, companies are bound by data protection laws. Using the browser as a loop-hole for profit is not acceptable. Instead we get these absurd EU 'this site uses cookies' banners that do less than nothing for user privacy. I think the word you're after is INCONCEIVABLE Similar issues plagued the UK postal code databases. So much so that Wikileaks eventually leaked the database http://wikileaks.org/wiki/UK_government_database_of_all_1,84... I'm not sure if things have improved since, but it's probably not going to get better now that Royal Mail is 48% private. It doesn't look like it's been updated in a while, and many of the links are busted :( Who cares? About the worst thing they can do is sell the coins they have. The whole point of Twitter was you could tweet from an SMS wasn't it? SMS was supposed to be the primary platform... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jawed_Karim For a measly $60M share. My expertise in valuing Twitter tells me he should have got at least 43.6 bajillion runes. It happens in Chromium too... it's literally a 1 minute code search to find out where this is constructed: https://code.google.com/p/chromium/codesearch#chromium/src/c... https://code.google.com/p/chromium/codesearch#chromium/src/c... Looks harmless enough. It just provides omnibox autocomplete timings to search engines. Why would anyone in DC 'raid' Bitcoin (which isn't possible in any comparable sense to LR btw)? The Feds are now major stakeholders, holding 100,000s of coins. So by 'many British people' you're referring to the Scots? ;) PyPy? Any more insight in to your case? Afaik the idea of BBM pin codes is you can exchange contact information without giving out anything sensitive, formal, or prehistoric such as your email address, phone number, or your real name. It's a stroke of genius if you ask me, and I think it appeals to teenagers secretive nature. Most teenagers probably don't want all their phone book imported magically in to their IM app either: 1) because they probably IM and Skype with more, and more varied, people than they text or phone, and 2) because their phone book probably includes their annoying aunties and relatives. I also love the design of the BBM app (on Android). It's straightforward, single purpose and clean. > It's quite difficult to find a phone plan without some form of data included, even PAYG Citation needed. Pay and go plans in the UK still charge data by the megabyte. Perhaps, but I haven't missed it. I still think this isolation is a feature, not a bug. Which is great if you're topping up by £10+ every month (because the data allowance no doubt expires). If you're spending £10/month on credit, you may as well get a rolling contract and get minutes, texts and unlimited data (Giff Gaff -> £12) I know plenty of people who aren't willing to pay that even though they use a smartphone (mostly on wifi)... and 20p/megabyte for occasional or accidental data use is just outrageous. Data prices are still a huge problem imo. I think you have that backwards. If anything, C code should be considered legacy code. C++ is capable of filling all the domains C dominates. > Nope, can't do it unless you strip out things that are inherently C++ It's likely that your idea of what is 'inherent' to C++ is just wrong. First of all, C++ is almost a superset of common C so, yes, it can can really replace C entirely and completely. Whatever grievances you have with the language don't change the reality that even embedded code benefits from, and has been gaining ground in, C++ for quite some time. In any case, I'm not arguing C++ is inherently 'better' than C. I'm just saying betterunix's assertion that C++ is somehow 'legacy', and C somehow isn't, is weird and illogical. You seem to think I'm dismissing C. What I'm really trying to express is that I'd recommend people learn C++ and consider C an old-school 1980s, unsafe, rather laborious, subset of it. > We do still have a need for a low-level language C++ can be 'low-level' if that's what you're going to label C. How can you dismiss C++ as not being low-level and then later say it's 'polluted by low-level concerns'? > There is also quite a bit of C code out there... not knowing C means being cut off from all of that. I agree. Fortunately, you can't really effectively learn C++ without understanding its C legacy. > The high-level features of C++ are polluted with low-level concerns that serve as nothing more than a distraction Until you're working at a high level and need to dig deep and implement a gritty data structure or algorithm with a high-level interface. Sure, you can drop down from Java to C, for example, but then you're in the mud writing JNI bindings. Why do languages have to be constrained to 'high-level' and 'low-level' pigeon holes? Why can't there be room for a language that's good, but perhaps not elegant, slick or beautiful, across the spectrum? Honestly, I don't want a religious war about it. I just think some of your assumptions are typical of people who have obvious had a bad experience with C++, having used it in a specific context, and therefore think "It didn't work for me, therefore it must be horrible". On another note, C++ is at least improving and rapidly becoming better tooled, with a growing sense of developer community. C has had a few sprinkles of improvement, but has otherwise reached the end of its natural evolution. > I was referring to classes as inherently C++. > AFAIK you cannot have a naked struct in C++ The "class" keyword and the "struct" keyword differ only in default member visibility. You're free to use the struct keyword. Yes, such structs can have member functions, but they change little except to act as a convenience. A "naked struct" in C++ is called a POD ("Plain Old Data") type, and there are a few rules to ensure your structure meets that definition. The standard library has a type trait to test a class/struct to see if it meets that definition (called std::is_pod). > For example, constructors, destructors, virtual functions, namespaces. None of these actually interfere with any use cases or domain that I can think of. Constructors and destructors are insanely valuable features, even if you use nothing else. Functions are not virtual by default and impose no overhead unless used. > exceptions are a big part of C++ that I don't think you can remove? You can turn exceptions off at the compiler level. -fno-exceptions in GCC and Clang. RTTI can also be disabled. Disabling both in embedded cases is perfectly reasonable. > name mangling extern "C" {} blocks kill name mangling and allow you to export a C API and ABI compatible function. Semantics. Pypy's RPython dialect is "a restricted subset of Python that is amenable to static analysis", to quote the PyPy website. Bitcoin has M-of-N, it's just turned off. That's just like, your opinion, man I think C++ is the best procedural, 'high level', statically typed language out there. I also happen to think it's the best portable 'low level' language out there. What would your recommendation be to go alongside C? I don't understand why timings are critical to the operation of the system. Wouldn't packet filtering + transparent proxying work just as effectively? Is this a TCP sequencing attack of some kind? Forget the kernel, someone really needs to do chromeatemyram.com The crypto solution he proposes is the same as employed by TextSecure* for encrypted SMS. The problem from a user experience perspective is that it requires a secondary channel of communication like a face-to-face meeting or a secondary IM service for key exchange. * https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.thoughtcri... It's not impossible or stupid. His crypto proposal is to protect you from (or at least limit) the impact of any malicious action by Snapchat or anyone they may turn images over to (the police for example). I'm sure that isn't the biggest concern for Snapchat users, but it's still a worthwhile precaution. Of course, for a company valued at billions (hah!), implementing anything that can get them in to hot water with the authorities, or breaks the user experience, isn't going to happen just before or after an IPO or buyout. Right, but everything clientside can be audited. Especially on Android where decompiling apps practically gives you source code. FFS, does that guy ever sleep? Yes, this is exactly what the author is trying to port to Python. Mandatory reference link: http://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/algorithm/nth_element . Note linear complexity. There's also std::partial_sort: http://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/algorithm/partial_sort I don't think this gain came from pre-fetching anything. The compiler may simply have decided to treat the entire function, or even the entire file, differently because of that one line. I compiled (x86, GCC 4.8) lazysort.c both with and without the prefetch intrinsic, and there were substantial differences in code surrounding calls in to Python, but no change at all to the guts of the partition or sorting routines. Regardless of what is responsible, it's not good to leave something like this in your code without really understanding what it did. There may have something else that occurred incidentally from this change, that could have lead you to a better solution. The thing I most dislike about 0MQ is the overly conceptualized socket typing (ZMQ_DEALER etc), and the way the documentation tries to cram all the combinations in to idiomatic 'patterns'. All I want to be able to express when I send() is: 1. Whether it's a Broadcast, Unicast or Anycast message 2. Whether I'm sending globally, or targeting a subset of peers (subscribers to some filter). Forgive me if these mappings are flaky, it's been a while since I used 0MQ. Target Method ~0MQ socket type Global broadcast -> ZMQ_PUSH Global unicast -> ZMQ_PAIR Global anycast -> ZMQ_DEALER Subscribers broadcast -> ZMQ_PUB/SUB Subscribers unicast -> ZMQ_REQ/REP Subscribers anycast -> ZMQ_ROUTER Yeah, I'm sure there are loads of technical details... but I can't help feeling there are parallels with the over zealous use of 'patterns' in OOP. When I started out with 0MQ I felt sucked in to a world of combinatorial explosion where I always have to think about what type of socket is at the other end of of a connect()... it just doesn't feel right to me. How else are you going to get ads in to the UI easily? Just the opposite. > Any certificate being used on the public web today which has an expiry date more than 3 years in the future will not be able to live out its full life. Why not have a later cut-off for certificates that were issued before, say, 1st January 2014? That way the CAs after January will know not to sign SHA-1 based certificates which will expire in or after 2016, but current long-life certificates (which aren't selfies anyway) will still be OK Also, microsoft.com seems to be using a certificate which uses MD5... 1 minute longer than the theoretical maximum period for which you can sustain an artificial wormhole You're right, I was looking at the cipher, I think. SSL_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_MD5 > There is a school of thought that details of an internal network topology should not leak out That's why we have Privacy Extensions Maybe I'm blind, but it looks basically the same on Linux as it does now except the tabs are curved (and possibly take up more space!) I notice the tabs aren't sitting up in to the window manager in their Linux screenshot (understandable). I've already hidden the menu bar, then killed the window decorations for FF in KWin, so my tabs touch the top of the screen. In fact, Chrome actually uses a few more pixels than FF for me. Yes, It has always looked different on Linux. Here's how Firefox 25 looks on KDE for me right now (entire screen). http://i.imgur.com/bYDqi2L.png with the exception of adblock on the right, that's the default layout. Fyi, I also liked the orange button on Windows :( Not only that, it's faster as well. Try closing a session of Chrome with 20 tabs open and then reopening it. On both Windows and Linux, Chrome can be extremely unresponsive in this scenario. FF lazy loads tabs so doesn't care to reload everything in the background when you restart your session. Stable inflationary currencies also fail the everyman. If you're smart you protect wealth through investment and 'saving' back in to the fractional reserve banking system scheme. Reality check though... most people have very little savings and zero, or next to zero, investments... and why should they? With the exception of ensuring a good future quality of life with a pension (largely 'taken care of' by your employer) many people have no interest in such investment. Velocity of money will certainly be lower under a deflationary currency in a highly speculative environment, but nothing gets around the fact that when I want a soda, or when I need to buy a house I'm going to do so, regardless of the 'price' of Bitcoin. And long long term, why would I, in my day to day life, even care what the price of Bitcoin is against the Dollar any more than I care about the price of the Dollar against the Thai Baht? Do people living in Eurozone countries still convert back to their pre-€ currencies to get a sense of value? Call be a cynic, but isn't this why people should use parser generators instead of handrolling this stuff? I mean, would you want to audit this file? -> http://trac.nginx.org/nginx/browser/nginx/src/http/ngx_http_... 40% is lower than I imagined. That's a frighteningly low figure Before the bcryot/scrypt advocacy and general shaming starts... I'll just make the same comment I always do when this happens: the answer is not more sever side hashing. Trusting remote services with plaintext passwords is broken to begin with. We shouldn't give them the chance to mess this up. We need client side hashing and key-stretching that only something like SRP can provide: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Remote_Password_protoco... The sooner we stop pretending there are no better answers than sending the contents of a password field raw over the wire, over SSL or not, and the sooner the web browser vendors and W3C start fixing this, the better. TLS-SRP is a ray of hope, but we need lighter, easier to deploy solutions that work at the application level rather than below HTTP. On what alternate reality are we living where the W3C are working on Javascript cryptography before improving basic, fundamental, built-in authentication? I also use Keepass....but why the smeg do I need to do this? My browser should be deriving per-site passwords for me at a minimum Kinda. The important thing to note is that back in 1997, when the digest auth RFC was written, we recognised the hashing before going over the wire... and somehow we lost sight of that Installing lastpass on every machine I happen to stroll by and want to use isn't the cleanest of solutions... and I shouldn't have to trust my keys to one closed, proprietary application. With a standard protocol at least I'd have a choice about my client. There are also peripheral issues with password databases, like the fact that they make the mere fact that you're using one transparent to anyone investigating your activities. Yes, I love trusting the keys to all my accounts to one corporation. Less tongue-in-cheek, would you trust Facebook login for banking? One of the key aspects of SRP is it provides mutual authentication. The server is considered untrusted until authenticated. If you run it in Javascript you lose the benefits it has over simple challenge-response client authentication. TLS-SRP could replace ordinary CA based server authentication, but I think there's a middle ground somewhere. Both are complimentary. CAs should be authenticating servers to my browser , and SRP should be authenticating servers to me . And that's a false dichotomy. Are you saying we should dismiss dangerous flaws in the trust model, just because we have some workarounds for bad industry practice, and can 'make do'? because I'm not saying we shouldn't advocate strengthening existing databases right now. To me, the two concerns are completely separate. Right, but even if we can check all the boxes and trust LP, there's still the practical matter of getting everyone to use it. Generally it's going to be easier to convince users to use something that's built-in rather than 3rd party, right? And one solution, whether it's backdoored or not, is still one target for bad actors to focus on (viruses, spoofing, etc). The first step in the SRP protocol is to retrieve the cryptographic salt from the server, so you're essentially free to roam. This step has concerns of its own though... for one thing the request itself reveals that the username/id is valid, and if you cache the userid / salt pair on the client machine it's vulnerable to snooping by other people with physical access. There are some fairly straightforward tweaks that can be made to the protocol to work around these issues though, since the salt isn't sensitive. In fact, I'm pretty confident storing the salt server side can be eliminated. Yes, or you can just use a deterministic salt like H ( service id || user id ) The false dichotomy I was referring to isn't the 'introduce bcrypt' vs 'introduce a new model' thing, those things clearly aren't mutually exclusive, it's that you inferred that me pushing for one means that I'm totally against the other in the present day. In any case I have no desire to join a thread about fallacious reasoning and semantics. > Regardless of whether any one of us individually argues for such a world, the current world is where our professional duties must be discharged. And there are plenty of people pushing for bcrypt/scrypt and such every time this happens. My duty in this case is to point out that this will never end all the time we allow the possibility of recurrence. There's a real danger in going too far and making bcrypt/scrypt solutions doctrine. There are still plenty of people out there who continue to tout hashing with SHA-1 and salts of a certain construct, because at some point they understood why it was important, continue to have the security conscience, but are not up to date with the new realities. This is why solutions at the architectural level, and not in the application or framework are so so important. Why oh why oh why, don't we have a column type in SQL databases specifically for storing passwords? The same, in theory, applies to sequences like 1 2 3 4 5 6 "because that will never happen", and numbers >31 (birth days). In practice though, the number of n jackpot winners is significantly less likely than 1... and do you really care if you only win $10M instead of $20M? > This is flatly wrong. SRP stores serverside verifiers that are derived from plaintext passwords. Stealing an SRP verifier is equivalent to stealing a password hash. I'm not wrong, you're just missing the point. The derivation process happens on the clients machine , so they get to 'chose', and verify, how it's performed, and can therefore ensure the KDF is extremely strong. The server doesn't need to know how it's strengthened and cannot, in fact, even discern if the verifier it sees is derived from a random value or through some purely deterministic process. The objective here is to stop trusting the server with our passwords because they're prone to being lax, not prevent every conceivable technical attack from supercomputers from, and algorithms known only to, the NSA. > Using SRP is, from the perspective of a compromised server, worse than using bcrypt. First of all, you can use Bcrypt inside SRP, so the password cracking route is a wash. It's the same, by definition. Secondly, I never said SRP6a as currently specified is what we should use. I said a protocol like SRP and even put emphasis on like . Elliptic curves are the way to go for compactness and speed these days. An attack on the verifier is going to be vastly less feasible than attacking the KDF. The current best algorithms for breaking a good asymmetric verifier would be many orders of magnitude more complex than just bruteforcing any real world password input, even if it's heavily strengthened with Bcrypt or Scrypt . 100ms of PBKDF2/SHA-256 on a modern server CPU gives you maybe ~20 bits of strenghening on top of a weak ass ~30-40 bit password. Scrypt will give you maybe ~16 more bits, with a sigificantly higher hardware (memory) cost. Total, that's still a long way off the ~120 bits achievable trying to solve the DLP on an elliptic curve. In the end, cracking that verifier is more expensive. > The server stores v = g^x, x = H(s, p) Where H() is chosen, and only ever performed by, the client. As you suggested, I'd recommend using Scrypt for H. The poor evolution of SRP is tangential to the concepts and protocol It's not a vanilla stretched key that gets send to the server. It is, in effect, the equivalent of your public key (that just happens to be kept secret by the server so it can use it to prove its identity, as the bearer, to you) Hardly. If you tried to sell 195,000 coins you'd wipe out all the exchanges and cause a crash. Talking numbers, you could sell them all on BTC-E right now, bagging you just $7M, and take the price down to ~$36. You can spread that around the exchanges of course, if you're quick, but you're still nowhere near $147M at current market depth. Even in 10,000 BTC chunks you're looking at dents in the market price of ~30% at most exchanges. How long would you plan on selling off these coins if you chose to do so? Or they could just installed FF > I can say I have $147M in Microsoft stock, but that doesn't mean I can sell the stock suddenly in one minute without making the price tank. Actually you can. Bill Gates sold off over $700M of stock over the course of a week at the end of Oct/beginning of Nov[1] and took a price that deviated by only $0.16 (~0.5%). [1] http://uk.finance.yahoo.com/q/it?s=MSFT But you're actually agreeing with me anyway. Absurd valuations for quantities not readily absorbable by the market can't be priced until someone actually tries to sell/buy that quantity. There's no doubt however that if someone want to cash this volume out today their not looking at the market price. Who's going to buy at $700 when someone is trying to rid themselves of 2% of the entire currency base? To put that in perspective, Bill Gates currently owns only 0.4% of MSFT and wouldn't be able to (publicly) sell that much in a day without crashing the market. Thanks, that's a very concise and precise way of conveying what I was trying to get across. More pitiful, bullshit statistics out of BTC fairyland. PayPal currently processes 100 times as many transactions in a day as the Bitcoin network. 8 million [1], versus ~80,000 [2]. The difference is Bitcoin is averaging $17,000/transaction, at current market price, compared to PayPals ~$60. PayPal processes about $500M a day [2]. Even if Bitcoin was pegged at $1000, that's be equialent to ~500,000 coins being traded for USD in a day.... which is 10 times the average daily trading volume of the largest exchange, BTC China [3] ... and most are those are probably from market makers, whereas PayPals volume overwhelmingly reflects real purchases (30% is eBay, for instance). Whatever way you cut it, Bitcoin as an economy is still tiny. Like Gold perhaps [4], a large % of trade is pure investment. [1] https://www.paypal-media.com/about [2] http://bitcoincharts.com/bitcoin/ [3] http://bitcoincharts.com/markets/btcnCNY.html [4] http://www.gold.org/investment/why_and_how/why_invest/demand... Coinometrics provide no information on the source of their Bitcoin data. They quote "a metric calculating the average daily transaction volume on the Bitcoin protocol in US Dollars" Of the things you list, only Bitpay and Coinbase offer merchant services directly comparable to PayPal. If you have numbers for those, that'd be great. I'm keen to find quality metrics. Afaik Bitpay basically guarantee the what you get as a merchant. Your price your stuff in US$ and it's converted to Bitcoin at the checkout at a rate they are willing to sell them at (presumably on the open market) e.g. I just tried to buy 36 months of reddit gold at $89.97, which came up as 0.10454514 BTC = $860/BTC... which is almost exactly the trading rate on Bitstamp. Tbh, I thought Bitpay did all that for you. The Bitcoin protocol isn't encrypted (it can't be, nodes have no identities in the network), and doesn't attempt to mask itself in any way. An ISP can absolutely log every transaction relayed by their customers... of course, it's still impossible to determine whether that person actually created that transaction I'm not sure about that. P2P bloom filters were introduced to reduce bandwidth consumption for SPV clients some time ago. I think this feature can potentially leaks information about what transactions you're interested in. https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/BIP_0037 Those about to hurt themselves because this isn't yet another Bitcoin story might want to search that page for Merkle trees. They've been used in other P2P networks as far back as the heydays of 2002: http://zgp.org/pipermail/p2p-hackers/2002-June/000621.html Isn't this what the Bitcoin Foundation is for? http://www.bitcoin.org/ https://bitcoinfoundation.org/ So, not Tom Cruise Crazy? Probably because RMS doesn't really use a web browser. Text search for 'womb' http://stallman.org/stallman-computing.html https://blockchain.info/charts/miners-operating-profit-margi... Nicolás Brailovsky did a great exploration in to the internals of one modern implementation of structured C++ exception handling: http://monoinfinito.wordpress.com/series/exception-handling-... He went so far as to reimplement his own handlers, which is totally awesome. For other important things, like the memory layout of the inheritance graph (generally optimal for single, non-virtual inheritance), virtual table layouts, the structure of member pointers and RTTI, the Itanium C++ ABI (followed by GCC and Clang on open OS's but not MS) is a good place to glean some insight: http://refspecs.linuxbase.org/cxxabi-1.83.html For instance, you may be surprised to learn that member pointers aren't even pointers in this implementation, but a pair of offsets (one for the object, one for the vtable) used to find the function to call. > TextSecure oddly requires phone numbers That's because it's an SMS app, not an IM app. It probably has the best crypto going though, and the user experience is nice (well, until you move to KitKat where every bloody app wants to eat your text messages and you end up with all your texts across more than one of them). What's wrong with bouncers? ZNC has been serving me well over 5 networks for years now. I don't see the appeal in an in-browser solution at all. An interesting selection of anti-establishment crypto primitives and protocols... although, if I'm not mistaken, DJB has been involved with every single one. If anyone saw Dan Kaminsky talk at LISA 2013[0], you can really see what he means about NIST being replaced by "some guy". [0] https://www.usenix.org/conference/lisa13/rethinking-dogma This is such a great idea for a response though. If in the middle of a conversation, and someone whips out their iPhone on you, BOOM...broadsheet Data is only going to get cheaper, and voice and SMS only plans are only going to get more scarce. Even without a data plan, prepaid in fact, 3 are 'only' charging $0.016 / MiB here in the UK. I remember when web hosts were charging rates that high. In another few years it's likely you won't even need to make the decision about whether you need or want a data plan or not. You'll just get data. At least I hope so. Imho the gaping hole with client certificates at the moment is that, in current browser implementations at least, I don't think they are well secured. Notice when using his demo pages you are asked by your browser for confirmation before you use your shiny new certificate, but otherwise no credentials are required. It's relatively easy for someone to steal client certificates from my machine whether I'm here or not. [wf9bhh4z.default]$ pwd /home/nly/.mozilla/firefox/wf9bhh4z.default [wf9bhh4z.default]$ strings cert8.db | grep nly.*junkie nly's scriptjunkie.us ID ... I'm not sure if this default behaviour is a switch that can be flipped somewhere, or whether they are actually encrypted, but that protection can only ever boil down to some other credential like the users Windows password (which will be weak). When it comes down to it today, I feel a mobile solution, like Google Authenticator that can live comfortably in my pocket, is just more workable as a 'something I have' credential, and I then don't have to entirely trust whatever random PC I'm using. With QR codes it's even almost as convenient. (I also don't think password auth need be totally disregarded, see : https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6767249 ). That said, I commend the author for seeking alternatives to password authentication and doing all this excellent work to make it easy to use. It's good, desperately needed work. That's true, but there are outright trivial things a lot of sites just don't do to limit the impact of compromise. I just sold some Bitcoin for example (I know right...) and the exchange doesn't require any special credentials for initiating trades or withdrawals: just the same password and 2FA code I use to login to my account. All the good stock trading sites I've used in the past have had separate trading passwords, it just makes sense. The compiler can't necessarily optimise i++ away in C++, because the ++operator or the destructor of the temporary iterator object returned may have side effects. It's still not quite equivalent to ballards postincrement() though, because the C++ standard allows for that temporary copy operation to be optimised away The bitcoin script system only really allows by hashing. People have gotten very hyped up about the programmability of the scripting system in Bitcoin, but anything slightly interesting still requires trust in one or more arbitrators. Another (perhaps unpopular) metric to use would be whether links were clicked before 1) upvoting, 2) clicking the comments link, 3) commenting Sometimes people just need a bit of a kick up the arse to see the light. > He's trying to protect his business from a hostile actor - Microsoft. And Microsoft are just responding to Android and iOS app stores. I'm not sure what you mean about video and sound. OpenGL is first class on Linux distros, sound is almost exclusively pulseaudio now...and X11 is on its way out, hopefully it'll be dead to most desktop users within a small number of years. So... when are the Feds going to shutdown Dropbox? More or less the same thing. There will always be regional dialects, accents, terminology, slang etc. > By grabbing parts of APIs, Google took "the most important, the most appealing" parts of Java, Oracle's lawyer told a three-judge panel. ... this made me laugh. I find Javas APIs horrific and muddled. Surely not one of the "most appealing" parts? If you're willing to dick around with the kernel config options, you can still get x86 Linux to run binaries from the early 90s. I vaguely recall reading a mailing list thread where Alan Cox, I think it was, commented that he had a bunch a.out binaries from that era still kicking around for testing. Google never wanted Java, they just want to tap in to one of the largest developer populations around. Licensing Java or buying Sun wasn't in their interests, and this has been proven in court. It's worth reading that G+ post just to see Alan Cox and Linus jumping all over GNOME I welcome this just so we can determine which tabs are using the CPU persistently. I had to switch back to Chromium (after a good few weeks really giving FF another go) because I was sick of this issue. Firefox is smoother and more memory friendly than Chromium these days, a pleasure to use, but in Chrome I can kill hoggy tabs... so that's where I'm staying for the moment. I don't have no/low tab cold start problems in either. ... that said, try closing Chromium with 20 odd tabs open and then reopening it. It'll take bloody ages to reload all those tabs. Firefox lazy tab loading saves a metric buttload of time in this scenario. Going multiprocess and using IPC doesn't intrinsically eliminate any of the tricky concurrency challenges with multi-threading. Neither do coroutines (goroutines). When you have multiple processes talking to another then, unless all your RPCs are completely stateless, you still need to orchestrate synchronisation in some form. There's also the problem that in 2013 we still don't really know how to do IPC/RPCs really well, and doing so portably is hard (Notice Mozilla are writing their own from scratch) It's all very well new languages coming along and solving the trivial stuff (setting up message queues, isolating memory) but very few of them do anything to solve the real problems. In Chromium it's generally runaway memory hogging tabs. Facebook is generally awful for example. Leave any Facebook page open all day (background of course, possibly on another virtual desktop) and you'll be staring at a multi-GB tab by evening. I'm not sure what's causing the CPU utilisation in Firefox. It's common to blame extensions in the FF community because there's no easy way to determine where the problem is. Glib and GTK+ remained ABI stable for the whole of 2.x afaik. When you think you can use CRTP instead of virtual dispatch in your program, you didn't need virtual dispatch to begin with... you needed a generic algorithm to operate over your object classes. That's exactly what run_crtp() is, the CRTPInterface class is completely redundant except that it provides some degree of compile-time concept checking (which we'll hopefully get in C++17) Virtual dispatch is useful for type erasure, when using abstract types from plugins, DLLs or generally "somebody elses code". IMHO, the valid use cases within a standalone program are actually fairly small. > And we know what happened with gold prices. Still 3 times what they were 10 years ago. It seems unlikely at this point Bitcoin will collapse back to the $10 it was a year ago, even if there's a massive crash. For whatever reason, this year was a turning point. I don't see it. There's an added step (exchange) for anyone wishing to transact in Bitcoin compared to just putting their debit/credit card details in to such already respectable sites... and, if anything, you want more reversibility when dealing with sites you don't trust so much, not less. For this reason I don't see Bitcoin exploding based on its utility as a payment platform, at least on-line. Fiat NFC mobile payments can be made just as convenient on the high street as well. IMHO Bitcoins success with the everyman really hinges on being a super convenient but secure alternative for casual payments. Plain black text on a white background is great now? Throwing in nodes doesn't help you get past the $/Gflop barrier, which is ultimately what is important. > or if we radically change the fabrication process and turn transistors sideways This reminded me so much of this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xb_PyKuI7II Todays (6/12) somewhat sluggish decline[1] is perhaps largely US driven, beginning at around 8AM EST (1PM UTC). Yesterdays crash was sharp, surrounding the Chinese announcement, and was at around 4 PM China time[2] but the price soon bounced back. Overall not very interesting. [1] http://bitcoincharts.com/charts/btcnCNY#rg1zczsg2013-12-06ze... [2] http://bitcoincharts.com/charts/btcnCNY#rg1zczsg2013-12-05ze... High frequency? MtGox, which is still the second largest exchange, has something like a 5 second execution lag. It's completely unlockable and reflashable from what I can tell Even if your concerns are justified, they apply to all Android phones not just the Moto G Unless the backdoor was so incredibly subtle and hard to spot that it could be hand-waved away as a bug should it turn up. C++ will, of course, win the moment you let 3rd party libraries in the door. Oh, sorry... that's just another vague generalisation. ZMQ still relies on a message passing model, which is orthogonal to the threaded shared memory model all our hardware actually presents to us. The advantage is more being able to go from threads to processes, then to the network, easily. That advantage is just as useless to most applications as threading is to achieve concurrency (rather than parallelism). When the Earth reaches peak human occupancy, it's likely nobody will feel the need to do anything about it. Whatever reproduction rate we're at at equilibrium will then be perceived as completely normal. Any locked (or lock-free) pointer queue with the right ownership semantics will give you what ZMQ does within a threaded program. A coroutine library will get you even more flexibility if you just want to setup pipelines. If you want greater scalability, there are lots of non-blocking I/O event libraries (libuv/libevent/boost asio). None of these solutions involve moving to a message passing model. I'm not discrediting that operating between threads is a handy addition to ZMQ, but using it for communication between threads seems like a lot of work (moving to that message passing model) if you never intend to leave one process. I do happen to like messaging, but when your data becomes complex it's a right dog...you're now in the world of protocol design. There was a good overview of how the network is actively managed, and who is providing new relays and the most bandwidth, at Defcon 21: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=864FxA3jmHk I agree, I2P is interesting. I don't know why it doesn't get more press or support. According to the website some reps of the I2P team will be at 30C3 in 2 weeks time btw. The Tor consensus is digitally signed. That entire 'paper' looks like sensationalist garbage. A paragraph on each topic with no sources or analysis does not qualify as research. You can select your own circuit length. This is known as the "small string optimisation" in C++, so you can see a similar implementation in Clangs libc++[1]. One interesting corollary is that moving short strings in an implementation that does this could actually be ever so slightly (negligibly) slower than moving long ones (since byte copies are slower than word copies). But generally, this is a free lunch optimisation and can save you hundreds of megs of memory when writing programs dealing with millions of short strings. [1] http://llvm.org/svn/llvm-project/libcxx/trunk/include/string - search for "union" The problem with a timing attack is you need to put a large number of nodes in to the network, and the Tor stewards monitor and blacklist suspicious arrivals. If you wanted to do this you'd need to use a diverse set of IPs gradually over time. It's definitely possible though, I agree. The client always selects the route on any onion routing network. They have to, because only they know the route. It's been a while since I played with I2P, but i'm 95% certain you can put push the circuit length up Works here, same version. Try going to this URL chrome://gpu/ What data format are you using for your sparse matrices, and what's the INSERT performance like? And Google could just mark any mail from sources who pull these shenanigans as spam It's not because it's C++... this is just really ugly code. I'm not in to video circles anymore, but I was under the impression the existing open source implementations were way better. The reason this code is significant is Cisco is providing licensed binaries. The author probably had (this was written 3 years ago) a bitter and rather narrow view of OOP capable languages. In C++ a class is just a facility of the language with many different features. If you want immutable, value-semantic objects, then do it . If you want a closure... well objects can be closures too. C++ calls them functors, they can be immutable. In fact, C++11 lambdas are immutable by default. His criticism of the STL is probably that they expose their mutation, rather than hiding it in the architecture like pure functional languages. In C++ you just have to hide the infrastructure yourself. They still have C++/CLI but yeah, they do seem to be moving back to good old COM in C++/CX * Go is just a less crufty C with a few niceties (modules, gc, coroutines). * Dart, imho, is just an attempt to capitalise on Java expats, like they did with Android, but this time in the browser. It's sadly a much less interesting language than Javascript, which it aims to replace. It does however fit the bill of getting more enterprise friendly software running in the browser and in the cloud. * Android is a pretty crappy Java runtime running on top of Linux. It's not at all interesting. What all of these things lack in comparison to C, C++, Unix, and itself Java for that matter, is broad, industry wide repercussions. None of them are the culmination of years of careful research. If you look for the huge public-facing industry epochs out of Google, you're looking at marketing and social change, not individual technologies. I reaffirmed the differences in scope because I lean toward the opinion that the achievements in Bell labs were substantial on technical merit alone, to such a degree than I don't think it would have necessarily been less historic if they had been private inventions. I don't think you can make a meaningful comparison avoiding this aspect. Go, Dart and Android, to a great extent, have also been 'set free' yet they will never match some of the technologies out of Bell that we haven't even mentioned. I agree, but I do tend to think true innovation moves around in ebbs and flows, comes in spurts, and is mostly the product of hard work and necessity. Computing has reached a point where resources have become so cheap we don't know what to expend it all on. There's still a hard compsci core, masses of unsolved problems, but most of us live in this nasty ecosystem of commodity "innovations" where it's not even clear there's an incremental improvement, if there is it can be a matter of opinion, let alone something that's going to indisputably change the way most humans live for the next half a century. I don't suppose it's a bad thing, it's just that once a technology reaches a certain level of awesome we expect the flow of goodness to continue, and blinker up and squint at it long after looking for novelty and ingenuity in really small details. The only way I can get a sense of perspective sometimes is to talk to my grandparents, who washed in a tin bath, witnessed TV, washing machines, microwaves and even modern soaps, shampoos and detergents come in to the home. I swear my gran still revels in modern food processes that I take for granted, and sometimes even despise. Somehow incremental improvements in programming language semantics don't seem to compare to the fact that 2 years ago I had laser eye surgery, or that we have the capability to print chips at unfathomable nanoscopic sizes. Github could really do with treating PDF files differently so I can view them in my browser. The problem is Github triggers a download action, regardless of whether you have a PDF plugin. It's true that both hashing a string of k bits and a lexicographically compare over k bits is O(k), but the chances are, if you're about to look something up, you've recently read it from somewhere and it's going to be hot in the cache. Memoizing a hash code for a string is pretty cheap also, especially if you only dynamically allocate on the heap for long strings. What would you be looking up in a radix tree while parsing? I don't think I've ever written one where prefix operations have been useful. If you want persistence (in the functional sense) and ordering I'd rather implement a skip list personally. You can use your existing hash code as a randomiser to determine level promotion. If you're going to keep it around you may as well make use of it. Skip Lists also have the nice property that you can stick a immutable linked list facade on them (since the base layer is fully linked) Why do you need prefixes for that? Sounds like the perfect usecase for a hash table or a precomputed perfect hash function. Perfect hash functions are ridiculously cheap. Completely different beasts to those designed to operate as good hashers for all inputs. Bitcoin is only deflationary if the supply of everything else grows forever. If you look at prices throughout the ages you'll find things haven't always been like they are now[1]. We created the current global monetary system to deal with war debt, globalisation and mind-boggling growth in western prosperity, but there's no reason to believe what we use in 100-200 years will be based on the same principles at all. And no, I'm not saying Bitcoin or a return to the Gold Standard is the future, just that it's foolish to think a currency of limited supply "just doesn't work". At one point, it was completely natural and obvious to everyone that the supply of money was and should be limited. [1] https://philebersole.wordpress.com/2010/11/17/inflation-thro... That moment when you realise you're older than Perl, and many of the same adjectives apply to the both to you. TextSecure is also using a protocol of its own design. I think the difference is largely the motivation at the other end. Moxie is genuinely engaged and interested in crypto and, much much more importantly, improving the trust models associated with it (see Convergence as another example). The Telegram guys seem more interested in being a 'hip' app with the latest secure IM solution. This doesn't even necessarily mean someone with far far less crypto knowledge than Moxie can't make a secure solution, it just means Telegram are suffering from a little arrogance and over-eagerness. It's far too easy for people outside crypto circles to see cryptography as a panacea. Inside crypto circles however, it's my impression that everyone lives with a slight unease that much of the math they rely on has unproven lower bound complexity, the majority of implementations in existence are horrific, and the key management and trust models we all depend on are terrible and obscured from the users view and understanding. If you pay attention, all the rock star cryptographers spend most of their time talking about trust, not algorithms and protocols. Designing a simple and secure crypto protocol isn't actually that hard. There are mathematical pitfalls us mortals can't hope to understand, but if you trust and understand the primitives as black boxes, and have the right mindset when analysing protocols, you can still build very secure systems. I'm a casual crypto hobbiest, and still spotted the issues raised in the Telegram protocol as soon as I looked at the diagram presented in the article. None of these weaknesses are outside of a good programmers comprehension. So why is a custom protocol a bad idea? The same reason it's a bad idea to go and reimplement any other protocol... that problem has been solved, why are you remaking it without a strong incentive? There are examples of crypto being used by amateurs with success though. Bitcoin has multiple extensions, like deterministic hierarchical wallets, which are easy to understand and reason about but I know for a fact weren't designed by world class crypto-experts. In that case, there was a strong incentive. Asynchronous key splitting to ensure safe generation of vanity addresses by 3rd parties is another example. Nobody should say these solutions aren't innovative and useful. Exactly. In an opt-in system, enabled means "they displayed a preference against incidental access to porn" and disabled means "they've never bothered to change it". In an opt-out system enabled means "they've never bothered to change it" and disabled means "this guy irresponsibly exposes his kids to sleaze, and spends his free time downloading demeaning hardcore pornography". We all know that, at some point, the status of some poor schmucks ISP filter is going to be used as supporting evidence of their lifestyle against him or her in court. The glaring public failures of this though will be either fixed or fade from the media. The system will remain imperfect but nobody will care 6 months down the line. It will almost certainly be a combination of layer 2 (IP filtering) and HTTP header scanning via proxies or TCP reset injection You can, in theory, choose your exit node. I used to feel insufficient, now insufficient isn't a sufficient word to describe how insufficient I actually feel. Exactly, and it's actually MORE efficient than raw C string handling. Even in C the solution is to give up and use a string handling library that will do a reallocation on append, not risk truncation. Everything about this post by deraadt is wrong. First of all, all of those software projects rolling their own implementation should consider libbsd (installed on my system as a dependency of the Samba client libs, so it should be on most desktop Linux distros already) http://libbsd.freedesktop.org/wiki/ Secondly, it's fallacious to point out that lots of people already use these functions and therefore it must be sane and should be encouraged. People used gets() for decades. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argumentum_ad_populum Thirdly, strlcat and srlcpy are awful . The fact that people have already moved from awful to maybe slightly less awful variants actually means they have some will to improve their code, which should be encouraged. strl* should not be encouraged. You should be strung up (pun intended) if you're not using a modern string handling library in 2014. The extensions I'm talking about were added long after Satoshi left the project. Presumably when you publish the new owner list you won't make everyones email address public? Yes, and it was developed specifically because of the patent concerns surrounding PAKE. Why does Telegram provide the generator (g and p) and then suggest validation and caching? These can be hardcoded parameters The only things that aren't hardcoded in your typical secure cryptosystem is your key and a few nonces. In ECC the analogous components to p and g are defined extremely carefully and certainly wouldn't be changed willy nilly. I'm aware classic DH parameters are more liberal, but changing them for every session seems unnecessary. Wayland actually provides fd passing as part of its X-like protocol / IPC layer. Pretty nifty. I'm always amazed the BitTorrent DHT infrastructure has been working so well for so long: Real-World Sybil Attacks in BitTorrent Mainline DHT: http://www.cs.helsinki.fi/u/lxwang/publications/security.pdf Crawling BitTorrent DHTs for Fun and Proﬁt: https://jhalderm.com/pub/papers/dht-woot10.pdf Proﬁling a Million User DHT: http://www.michaelpiatek.com/papers/dht_imc_falkner.pdf Lying To The Neighbours - Nasty effects with tracker-less BitTorrent: http://events.ccc.de/congress/2010/Fahrplan/events/4210.en.h... Given the complexity of bug this in cryptography terms, this was an astonishingly easy earner. Insanely complex software bugs go for less. > Perhaps an alternative to sha1(ip+port) could be some form of cryptographic signature scheme, where the NodeID is a public key or hash of a public key What stops me from creating 10 million keypairs and spamming them in to the DHT? Not really. DHT servers must accept unsolicited incoming connections, which requires port forwarding. The problem as I see it is really dynamic IPs. In any case, this wouldn't stop an adversary acquiring a lot of IP addresses for a short period of time. Bitcoin is immune to these kinds of attacks because it requires proof of work, which you can't just fake. My solution to these problems is to use OpenVPN while travelling. Bonus: access to geoip restricted content. Yeah I'm aware of Telehash. Any idea how large the current DHT is? I'll be at 30 ;) Not sure if you'll see this now. Having looked over TeleHash 2, I have quite a few concerns about the complexity of the protocol. It's hard to tell what is being accomplished at each step and why. The way things are composed and layered definitely needs explanation. For instance, signatures are encrypted, and there's a mix of RSA and EC, why? On my Linux system it's provided by psmisc: http://sourceforge.net/p/psmisc/code/ci/master/tree/src/kill... I had a quick look. There are 6 calls to malloc in the killall program and several calls to functions like asprintf which will allocate. See my other post for source. I quite like this one http://hntrends.jerodsanto.net/?q=%22written+in+go%22 Why do that when you can just throw it at some poor junior employee to transcribe? Meteor.js is both impressive and terrifying. (I've only watched the screencast but, seemingly raw, database access from the user side is... eyebrow raising). I'm not confident implementing SRP in Javascript provides any real advantage. From a trust standpoint, if you're going to use authentication code pushed to you, you're already all-in. The reason I advocate SRP on the web (via a browser implementation) is because 1) people reuse passwords and 2) I think it's become clear we can't trust web services, even big names, to handle passwords securely. We also can't trust corporations, public access machines and schools etc. not to strip SSL wholesale. We also shouldn't give bad actors the opportunity to put subtle backdoors in to authentication code of compromised servers. Nothing. If this article reminds of anything it's that anyone can patch Android apps (and resign them with a new key) to do anything they want. To be broadcast on national terrestrial TV at 4:15pm UTC Christmas Day He has less chance of a pardon than a drunken proposal on Christmas. Pardoning him would set a precedent indicating leaking top-secret documents when you think you have a higher moral purpose is an 'acceptable' thing to do. I'm wholly on Snowdens side in these particular circumstances, but even his case is, sadly, subjective. I believe knowing you could lose your freedom is a healthy filter to ensure people act as responsibly as possible. The Facebook app is just a portal to the website. Apps that appeared as apps first seem to be a bit more of sanctuary, as I'm pretty sure mums and dads everywhere haven't quite yet mastered the whole app concept. My parents for instance still have feature phones despite using Facebook. Personally, I'm glad to see apps that are primarily used for conversation, rather than obsessing about what our 'friends' are doing every and any minute of the day, are becoming more popular. For me Facebook has wholly been replaced by Twitter and Whatsapp, and I've noticed my younger cousins are using BBM and Skype. > Of course, with the lower average selling price of an Android tablet, it could just be that people see less of a financial incentive to sell their gift, or perhaps fewer were given as a gift in the first place. In other words, this article is bs and this observation means nothing. But it does threaten ECDSA used by Bitcoin. Just another example of a proprietary implementation tweaking a de-facto standard / well-known algorithm (RFC 6238) just enough to be annoying. Fresh in my mind is the Wii U controller reverse-engineering presented at 30C3, where the WPA-PSK handshake protocol was tweaked by performing bit-rotations on the resulting keys. OTP tokens usually don't protect you against server database compromise because they're completely symmetric. The server has a copy of the seed/key stored in the clear. OTPs really only protect you against key logging if you want a centrally managed cryptocurrency and can tolerate deferring double spend detection (i.e. you have an overdraft and debt collection system) then there are better cryptocash solutions than bitcoin that don't require a block chain and provide untraceable transactions and complete anonymity. The only worthwhile innovation in bitcoin in fact is its use of a block chain to eliminate the possibility of monetary policy manipulation. tl;dr: C++s standard streams (cin, cout, cerr, clog) may be used alongside code using the underlying libc i/o streams API and therefore, by default, synchronize with libcs own buffers. In the very least, this means you don't end up with output resulting from characters interleaved between individual stream operations via the two sources. Its worth noting that even Cs i/o APIs are typically synchronized across threads so you can output lines to stdout without experiencing the same issue within just vanilla threaded C code. getline() works for (single) character delimited reads and lets you use a std::string. The latter is reason enough to use it: it means you don't have to worry about manual dynamic memory allocation and have zero risk of overflows. In any case, the C++ equivalent to fgets is sgetn on the underlying streambuf or filebuf - http://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/io/basic_streambuf/sgetn . I'd use this before I used fgets, if for no other reason than I then don't have to remember to call fclose() The fact that you haven't used one of the most trivial functions in the standard library because of a slight performance penalty 15 years ago is worrying. Yes indeed, and many don't realize that C streams are also buffered and can also be tuned: http://www.gnu.org/software/libc/manual/html_node/Buffering-... http://www.gnu.org/software/libc/manual/html_node/Controllin... there are also threading issues: http://www.gnu.org/software/libc/manual/html_node/Streams-an... glibc even lets you implement custom streams (FILE* handles that will work with fgets etc. but call your own source and sink to do i/o) Well its not wise to guess about why you experienced this problem. A proper investigation would require a testcase that recaptures it. My hunch would be that you was discarding the std::string between lines (thereby not reusing the buffer and causing additional memory allocation for each line)... but I'm not sure even that would cause a 12 fold slowdown. Eh? If your DRM code is FOSS I'm just going to patch it, recompile it, dump out the keys, decrypt my media, and ignore all your constraints. Technical DRM only 'works' when the code is an obfuscated steaming pile and the implementation/platform/hardware tries to make it an incredibly difficult process to mess subvert. Theres never been a consumer-facing DRM technology thats made a lick of sense, and frankly I'm glad most of the FOSS success stories are in defeating it rather than proliferating a broken trust model that serves to prop up slow-moving industry monopolists who bump up costs (of many kinds) to consumers and are going to lose in the long-run anyway. I agree. I think if we promoted Creative Commons and generally made people more aware of how copyright law can be used to promote creativity, fair use and empower indy content creators that we'd become more sympathetic to the case made by Hollywood and the music industry, and maybe eventually get out of this rut of seeing it as a weapon for big media. I wouldn't oppose any standard that made it mandatory for copyright and license information to be encoded in to image, video and audio content. Nor would I oppose a requirement for browser vendors to expose that information accessibly (on demand) to users. I'd also like to see online registries that worked like TinEye or Midomi and let me quickly identify content with an emphasis on copyright and license discovery. Hmm, I'm not sure about the "but we'd need thousands of apps!" argument. I agree that a versatile set of markup, scripting and styling languages is always going to be a valuable free-form, but that doesn't mean 95% of what people use the Web for right now can't be rapidly reimplemented. As an example: there are 100s of millions of blogs out there right now... but most are just Wordpress with a theme. Develop a generic skin-able blog viewing app, win people over, and you've suddenly knocked hundreds of millions of blogs off the web and in to mobile sphere. And what about shopping? One credit card handling interface would be a lot more consistent and trustworthy than putting everything in to 100 different sites that could be prone to phishing and all kinds of nasty CSRF and XSS bugs. I think moving a lot of things to mobile could really improve the user experience, which is frankly awful in a lot of areas on the web. The Web frankly just isn't evolving as quickly as mobile app platforms. HTML5 feels like ancient history, despite not even becoming a final recommendation yet and, imho, the rise of the gigantic javascript frameworks just shows the existing platform is sorely lacking... all it really demonstrates is the power of having a client you can push code to easily. Where's my standard, secure browser UI and API for secure payments using my credit card? We've been using the web to shop for 20 years and it still sucks. Where's decent standard authentication worthy of this millennium, let alone this decade? Why don't we yet have date picker and other form widgets that actually work across browsers? Why are bespoke markup languages like MathML and SVG actually failing or seeing less and less adoption? MathML isn't supported at all by IE, Chrome or Opera (even pre-Chromium port?) and Google have said they don't intend on supporting it natively. This means you're looking at e.g. MathJax to plug the hole with Javascript. Using huge JavaScript frameworks to create complex apps is one thing, but its rather sad when you have to use them just to create documents. Link [2] also shows that more sites are using BMP than SVG. So while I may be wrong on adoption waining, I'm not exactly pleased with the way rich formats are progressing on the web... it's fairly easy to go from 0.25% coverage to 0.1% coverage. Honoring robots.txt isn't a legal requirement, and I don't think a crawler can read or agree to TOS. Personally I'm in favour of anything publicly accessible being fair-game for indexing purposes, but this kind of news about database access makes me uncomfortable. They do occur but they're rare. I remember the move from sysvinit to systemd taking about 10 minutes, and I have a 3 year old Arch install that has never outright broken on me after an update. Frankly I remember going through more pain every 6 months from in early Ubuntu days (although that's a lot better now also). The GNOME and KDE communities seem to have two completely opposing philosophies. I'd argue the best way to achieve unification would be to make GNOME 4 a Qt based DE. Qt is just superior and GTK+ only exists because of ancient Qt licensing issues that are no longer relevant. That said, this will never happen because, being C++, it'd alienate a lot of GNOME developers. During the transition you'd also set back GNOME for years. Looks cool. Does it have access to the Arch repos, or is it actually a full fork? That's one reason why C++ has actual references in addition to pointers. My SSD gives me ~ 900 Mbps, to several Gbps, of random write performance. My ISP gives me 2 Mbps of upload bandwidth and a data cap. Tablets yes. Notebooks no. 'Ultrabooks', whatever they are, maybe. The majority of laptops up to 15" and ~$1200 are still 1366x768. Source: I recently went shopping for a laptop with roughly that budget. In fact, I don't think you can buy anything 15" beyond 1080p on that budget. Every single app on your phone that remembers a username and password combination, or any other credential, is likely vulnerable. Imho its about time that Google required the presence of a HSM in Android devices for key storage. A HSM that locked me out after ~10 x 6 digit PIN guesses (with software locking me out at a lower number) strikes me as a good thing. If someone wants to destroy my $500 phone, prise out a chip, grind it down, and look at it under an electron microscope to extract my passwords, then good luck to them. Why isn't this happening? Yes, a reset/unlock is a bad idea. Keys should be erased, and it should be up to apps/services to determine an appropriate means to re-authenticate users. Avoiding exceptions isn't the worst practice. You still get automatic resource cleanup with RAII when you return from a function with an error code, which is a big win over completely unmanaged C. I generally agree though, error paths are the last area I want to expose myself to flaky manual propagation and the 'well, I think I handled/freed everything' discipline. The regimental 'goto cleanup' type code you see in the kernel is not something I want in my projects. I wouldn't go there. If I needed high level HTTP access I'd go with libcurl [0]. If I wanted a HTTP parser I'd consider Joyents http-parser library from nodejs (no dependencies at all) [1]. If I wanted a SPDY library, I'd consider spdylay (used by aria2 I think) [2]. All of these libraries are MIT licensed, well documented, and designed to be very focused libraries with very little feature-creep. For TLS: PolarSSL has worked for me, but its GPL and tends to break ABI quite a bit [3] [0] http://curl.haxx.se/ [1] https://github.com/joyent/http-parser [2] http://tatsuhiro-t.github.io/spdylay/ [3] https://polarssl.org/ That page, and the linked browsersec pages on Google Code, are terrifying. Time to burn it all down and start from scratch. I was particularly stunned to learn HTTP Cookie headers can clobber 'secure' cookies set over HTTPS. Eye-popping. Indeed. There were even some benchmarks on Phoronix a while ago that hinted that these block layer changes had resulted in some performance regressions. Anyone know if these regressions were tracked down and fixed? Moxie did a great post on private contact discovery and why, as far as we know, it currently isn't practical: https://whispersystems.org/blog/contact-discovery/ The bottom line is, you can't make a find_friends function that's remotely privacy conscious or secure against the approach taken here against Snapchat. Snapchat are effectively offering a public phone directory at this point, and they won't be able to fix it. For $40, or whatever it costs now, it's pretty damn powerful. The beauty of the rPi seems to be its a nice middle ground between a media-capable mini-PC and a I/O port laden project boards like the Arduino or Beaglebone Black. Except for the 'revocation code' briefly mentioned on their FAQ page[0], this is likely just the same authentication scheme offered by Clef[1], with all the same inherent weaknesses. The biggest weakness in these schemes is the inherent potential for a MITM to display the QR or bar code (I still don't think Clef actually displays what site you're logging in to on your phone, and even if they do it's vulnerable to visually similar URLs). The bottom line is the lack of authentication between the phone and the browser. The on-device encryption is also useless because the key is such a short PIN. [0] http://www.capturein.com/FAQ.html [1] https://getclef.com/ Bodging up old crap is part of the industry. We now use HTTP mostly for asynchronous RPC, TCP streams for reliable datagram protocols that suffer from head-of-line blocking as a result, and a scripting language thrown together for basic form validation as the focus of intense JIT development and back-end work. Oh, and let's not forget NAT and bodging HTTP/2 (which fixes HOL blocking) to, likely, only exist over TLS on TCP port 443. Facebook were forced down the road of supporting PHP because, just like everyone else everywhere else, they found it is several orders of magnitude more expensive to bring good features and lessons learned to a completely new language, stack or framework. Its kind of awful that new projects will see this as a new lease of life for PHP, rather than life support, but that's just inevitable. I guess it's both. > The E5 is so good that it lets you do entirely different architectures from what came before it. As an example: Luke Gorrie is one such person who is actively talking about doing so by talking directly to Ethernet controllers via DMA from user space. Here he is in a 30 minute talk about exploiting 512 Gbit/s of PCIe in his project called Snabb Switch. He's even written a 10 Gbit/s Intel Ethernet driver in Lua. The idea, as far as I can tell, is you can turn a common Xeon server in to a very low latency, zero-copy, multi-gigabit, software defined, layer 2 network appliance. https://cast.switch.ch/vod/clips/26uo9i576i/ https://github.com/SnabbCo/snabbswitch/wiki Valued, not worth. If ARM are going to be a long-term threat to Intels $200/chip market, would AMD not be the canary in the mine? Or does moving out of the fab business like AMD make that not-so? Actually changing your "legal name" in many places isn't a "legal process" at all. Not if you mean a state-managed, form-filling exercise. In the UK for example the law only specifies you must make a public declaration of your intent to use a new name (a notice in a local newspaper will do), and then completely abandon any all use of the old name. Even the venerable old 'Deed Poll' service is just a mechanism to make that initial declaration, it's actually a private register. Bitcoin hash difficulty rises to ensure the block rate remains relatively stable at 1 block every ~10 minutes. Meanwhile the block reward falls exponentially. By definition then, it requires that other variables change such that mining remains profitable for someone to survive, otherwise all incentive of maintaining the blockchain collapses. Sure, you could argue that mining will reach a state of neutral ROI just to serve the public good... but guess what, there's a fee system in the protocol that will ensure that probably won't happen. The 'but banks charge fees' argument just doesn't hold water long term. Blockchain resources are finite, and all indications are solving Bitcoins long term scalability problems (in terms of number of transactions per second) is still quite hard. Unless the value of Bitcoin grows with hash difficulty and the inverse of block reward sizes, fees will rise in the Bitcoin network. It's naive to think it'll be a free ride payment network forever. Pretty sure the musician is Moby. No practical hashing algorithm, even Scrypt, would be able to securely hash a 4 digit PIN. If they don't have a hardware security module they may as well store it plain. The amount of cryptography fail in mobile apps is stunning... from Snapchats static encryption key to pointless obfuscation like this. If you want to talk about weak passwords though, consider that millions of broadband customers in the UK are likely using cable modems/routers with the default Wifi password that came printed on the base... currently 8 random lowercase characters on Virgin Medias newest gear for example. WPA2-PSK handshakes only add 12 bits during key stretching, so that's only 2^50 hash iterations to compromise potentially millions of wifi networks.... which can be done in about ~2 minutes to a few hours with a bit of hardware investment. Good point! Although really, breaking the unlock password on a phone isn't that interesting to an attacker unless the owner has encrypted their phone or, more likely, they suspect the owner uses the same password for other things. I think most people just use face or pattern unlock these days though? Android actually does quite well in this regard: KitKat now uses Scrypt... although both PIN and Face Unlock can still be used with encryption, which very secure. Oddly you can't use pattern. Original video, complete with download links: http://media.ccc.de/browse/congress/2010/27c3-4295-en-high_s... This was djbs introduction to CurveCP, a project to replace TCP with an encrypted, authenticated, end-to-end solution that always gives you PFS. Unfortunately the Nacl code base (containing the CurveCP reference implementation) hasn't seen any community love that I know of, so the project seems to be kind of stillborn... although ZeroMQ recycled some of the ideas and cryptography in CurveZMQ Patterns are terrible. I've clocked a few friends patterns accidentally, let alone actually trying to shoulder surf. Far too visible. DNSCurve hasn't seen any implementation love. Seems to be a dormant project since ~2011. Your domain registrar needs to support it, as they need to push your keys upstream. I currently use Gandi, who do support DNSSEC in their web interface. I think Namecheap support it but you have to email them to get it setup. You need to run your own DNS server (this is really the whole point of DNSSEC!), and setting it up is an absolute dog atm. Agreed. Bitcoin already has a built in transaction scripting language that is deliberately not Turing complete. Most of the issues actually stem in terms from timing and synchronizing with external variables...not the limitations of the scripting language. For example, for a while it was believed you could make cross-chain contracts secure (without a trusted third party) but, afaik, nobody managed to work out the subtle race conditions. It'd be pretty nice if the last blog post was more recent than 3 years. It's also really nice to know that curvedns-0.87 has been downloaded 1050 times... but i have no idea when it was actually released. No sign of a changelog... No public repository? No mailing list? All of these crypto projects (Nacl, CurveDNS) would benefit from moving to Github. Nobody's going to use a seemingly stagnant project. That's ultimately the problem with most of djbs best work, and a lot of other good work, I think. He does world class research and reference implementation, but it doesn't feel like there's an open source community rallying around it. We need more Linus' in the crypto world. Why is Scrypt not a suitable solution? Wouldn't that be OpenSSL? I can't find a single package in the Debian repos that depends on nacl. Do you have any examples? I'm not bashing nacl, I've just not heard of anyone using it over GnuTLS, OpenSSL, CryptoPP or others. Edit: libsodium apparently. Awesome. The CurveCP implementation in libchloride doesn't claim to be embeddable, and I wouldn't personally use libcurvecpr where it mattered because it's yet well eye-balled. The author, Noah Fontes, with utmost kudos and respect to him, seems to be working on it alone and admits that he lacks that domain knowledge ("I don't claim to be a security or cryptography expert in any senses of the terms"). I think it's fair to say that CurveCP isn't production ready despite being "developer proof" since 2011. What I mean to say about the project being "stillborn" is that it hasn't progressed to something like an IETF RFC or gained any real traction as an alternative to TLS. It's a real shame because a cryptographically secure session layer and long-overdue rework of TCP are things we really need. Projects like Mosh (SSH alternative) have already demonstrated how mobility can be improved with good crypto at the session layer, rather than above it. Going back to ZeroMQ... it's one of the most "developer proof" libraries out there for messaging, yet they decided to implement the half they felt they could get away with. They could have opted for a "curvecp:// " URI scheme for bind() and connect(), defaulted to UDP under the hood, and perhaps gained endpoint mobility, but it didn't happen. Pragmatic perhaps, but if there was anyone who could have pushed CurveCP further it would have been those guys. I don't see the complexity and mess of TLS going away anytime soon... and I expect most people implementing TLS in C or C++ to be using GnuTLS, OpenSSL or perhaps Mozilla NSS for the foreseeable future. Yeah, here's a couple of good twitter threads that sum up some of the issues with CurveCP (and perhaps ZeroMQ) https://twitter.com/bascule/status/383364389576773632 https://twitter.com/jedisct1/status/381136544515375104 Lord knows if anyone is actually working on a protocol that fixes the issues mentioned. > My job involves creating non-free software. > But it strikes me as ironic that RMS talks about "freedom" when really he's advocating restricting your freedom to use the software. 1. The GPL isn't restricting your freedom, your employer is. You are working under contract terms and policy selected by your employer. Your preferences aren't relevant. 2. The GPL isn't restricting your employer from using the software, just distributing proprietary add-ons or integrating parts of it in to their commercial products. They can still use it to compile and ship software, for free, giving nothing in return... that's still a pretty sweet deal when you go and look at the competition. Microsoft will charge you for the privilege of using their inferior compiler (full VS suite aside). What kind of mindset says "Oh boy! B is giving me more stuff for free than A was, I'm going to go shit on A and make demands!"