the best way to do it would be to change you sudoers config so your task can do that without a password run visudo and add the following line: [user] ALL=(root) NOPASSWD:/bin/chown /path/to/apache /path/to/apache should be the directory above your latest_release dir so you can avoid a wildcard I use newegg.com, mostly because I'm really, really picky about ECC- I use unbuffered ECC in everything. Only a little more expensive than non-ecc- the biggest problem is that most places don't stock it. newegg does. If I was using non-ecc, I'd wait for a sale at Fry's (though I'd still make sure to buy corsair or crucial or some other reputable brand) - I get most of my hard drives at Fry's- I tried ordering 'em from newegg, and the packaging (on the hard drives) was horribly bad. the drives were ok, but that was luck. My problem is recognising tallent outside of your core compentencies. If you can recognise tallent, it's easy enough to pick up people who are on the rebound from bad jobs, or who haven't gotten much paid experience yet. I regularly hire friends of friends, but then I hang out with very technical people who have very technical friends. I've picked up a lot of really good technical people with little experience and paid 'em $15/hr to work for me... most of them leave for better pay after a year or so, but if I was compitent at business, I'd be able to pay them more by then. My big problem is that if you are incompetent at something, you can't reconise compitence. I am an incompitent business person, so I can't recognise a good sales/businessperson. Even with a good solid technical team, you need business compitency to succeed, and there isn't much of that in my social circle, and even if there was, I wouldn't be able to tell the good from the pretenders. It sounds like I need to get together with someone like you, but who? I mean, I alrealdy said, I can't tell if someone is a compitent businessperson, and having the wrong CEO is much worse, imo, than having no CEO at all. I think recognizing talent in the context of an interview is difficult, but not impossibly so. I think judging how well they work, (do they 'get stuff done') is much more difficult during interviews, unless the person has solo projects. I know working for others, I've recommended several 'smart but useless' people after interviewing. Usually when hiring people I know, though, I know in what ways they are useless, and can hire for positions where I can make up for their weaknesses. but I don't think it's difficult to judge a person if you have known them for a while, especially if you are the type to talk about technical things in social contexts. I think the problem appears when you are judging things outside your field, or people you only see for an hour. Wait, what? ec2, (I consider them my biggest competitor, they probably don't know I exist, and, well, my product is somewhat different) has lowered the cost of hosting dramatically. and there are places that are even cheaper than that (such as my company) - unless you are doing something like video sharing, hosting costs are simply not a huge deal anymore compared to programmer time. At what I bill out for as a contractor, for every hour of my time, you can run a amazon ec2 small node for a month and have enough left over for a cheap lunch. At most (USian, at least) startups, pizza for the meetings should cost more than the hosting fees. Even if you are running an application where hosting is a big cost, there are plenty of people (such as myself) who have hosting resources they'd be happy to trade for some small slice of equity. Actually, yeah. let's make that a standing offer. if you have a startup and need SysAdmin/hosting stuff and are willing to trade a silver of equity for that, let me know. the problem with civil action is that you can't get blood from a stone. If you sue someone without assets or insurance, you probably won't be able to even recover enough to pay the lawyer. I would argue that it is better to find someone with a good reputation, someone who is careful to preserve that reputation. eh, I didn't go to college. of course, when I graduated highschool it was 1997, and I had 2 years of paid experience as a sysadmin, so I was able to jump right into a .com job, and I'm a UNIX SysAdmin- a computer janitor. SysAdmins often have less formal education than Developers, so some of this was just that I 'got lucky' - but I do know many others who have done ok without formal education. Yeah, if I had stuck it out, I'd probably be earning another 20%-30%, (just looking at what my co-workers make) but I'm still comfortably into the six figure range. Granted, that's not great for the bay area, average nerd salary around here is north of $140K, and I don't rate that unless I'm contracting, but it's certainly an OK salary for someone who hasn't hit 30 yet. The key to making decent money without college is to get jobs that count (really, this is good advice regardless of your other educational plans. Most places a year of experience is worth a little less than a year of education. If you can get both, you are golden.) If you want to be a computer guy, don't take a summer job tending a till- if you can't find an internship, pester local offices to see if they need a windows reboot monkey, or see if you can get the local web-design place to give you minimum wage to do basic stuff. Or repair computers for your parent's friends. Charge $5 or $10/hr if you have to... it's experience and reccomendations you are after at that stage. My first job was at a mom and pop computer repair place... I was paid less than minimum wage, but it was an awesome experience, and it paid off handsomly. Remember that if you don't have education, you need experience. Without education or experience, nobody is going to hire you for a 'real job' (at least for 'real pay') Find someone willing to let you do a 'real job' for next to no pay for a period of time. Remember that at these jobs a good reccomendation from the boss is worth many times over what they are paying you. Certifications are nice, but with the exception of perhaps, the ccie, none of them can touch a few years experience doing the job you are trying to get. I wouldn't want to discurage people from getting educated- I think college can be very valuable (look at my grammar.) but not going to college doesn't condemn you to poverity. higher education in the US is heavily subsidised. The meagre fees that the lower colleges charge are waived if you are poor, and at that point all you need to cover is food/books/rent. Well, yeah, that is a particularly negative way of stating it, but mostly true. Most people favor political ideologies that favor them. (e.g. those who identify with those who are unable to earn much tend to prefer more collectivist ideologies, and to call tallent luck, while those who identify with people who earn a lot tend to support more individualist ideologies, and call luck tallent.) I think it is somewhat self-reinforcing, a person who believes that it is all a roll of the dice is less likely to put as much effort into self-improvement than someone who doesn't believe in luck. But then, I don't believe in luck. A religious friend has suggested that this is because I'm just lucky :) Yeah. I know some very good developers who were first SysAdmins. Even I have written a patch here and there to various system programs. To 'level up' as a sysadmin, even if you don't want to be a dev, you do need to know some programming. I don't know if I have the attention span to sit down and write a large app from end to end, but many times I've had to hack up the programs a client was using. I once patched courier-imap so my employer could continue to use the same UIDLs Ugh. nearly all customers were using pop3 like IMAP- 'leave mail on server' the problem was that UIDLS needed to stay the same, (the UIDL value is an identifier of a pop3 message- the pop3 client uses it keep track of what messages are new in the pathalogical 'leave messages on server' scheme. If we changed the UIDLs, all messages would be 'new' to the mail client and customers would scream.) and qpopper UIDLs contain characters that can't be in filenames, while courier-imap's pop3 daemon uses the UIDL for the filename... so I hacked it so that if the filename started with 0x, it treated the filename as a hex-encoded UIDL. (otherwise it acted as normal... that way next time they upgrade the courier server, they probably don't need to include my patch... most of the old 0x mails will be gone in a number of months.) A simple change, but it allowed us to move to maildir (which isn't always faster, but in this case was massively faster) without disturbing the customers. But yeah. as a more senior SysAdmin, you are expected to occasionally deal with that sort of thing. Being able to kindof read debugger output also really helps. Oh, also the 'got lucky' comment was more about coming of age during the .com boom than about becoming a SysAdmin. The .com boom (and my timing) was luck. Becoming a SysAdmin, well, that was more the 'path of least resistance' at least once I got started down this path. this is key. Look at Google. they target technical types, but for joe average, their product is just as usable as the compitition, who explicitly targets the average user. Joe average is going to have a technical person setup his computer- If that technical person, say, makes firefox the default browser, assuming it mostly works, joe average is going to use firefox. This might also be why OSX is doing so much better than previous macOS versions. Whenever a non-technical person asks me for a laptop reccomendation, I tell them to get a mac, in part because I know they might come to me for help (and I'll be damned if I start rooting around in a windows box that isn't properly backed up. Reboot, reboot, then format and reinstall, I say.) the other side of this is that it needs to work for joe average... this is why Linux on the desktop took so long to take off (it looks like it's getting a toehold in the low-end- by 'just working' for simple tasks) even now, linux on the desktop only 'just works' if you don't need commercial software. so yeah, you must target the early adoptors, but targeting the early adoptors alone is not enough. You must make it usable for the average person. (which is funny, because I've put almost zero effort into the usability of my product. I don't have a support budget, so if you don't know UNIX well, eh, for now I'm not the best product for you.) a problem everywhere I've worked, especially in places where the rack is 'organically grown' is power cables getting accidentally pulled when other servers are added or removed. on all servers that I have physical access to, I use zipties on both ends of the power cable. you need a knife to unplug anything. One problem, at least, solved. Generally, I categorize mistakes as 'mistakes of knowledge' (that is, I did the wrong thing because I believed something that was incorrect.) and 'mistakes of inattention' (where I knew it was the wrong thing to do, but I wasn't paying attention and did it anyhow.) Generally, you don't make the same mistake of knowledge twice, so I don't worry about them much. They happen, but they only happen once. Learning, we call it. Mistakes of inattention are much worse, in my opinion. without further action, I will almost certainly repeat a mistake of inattention. The idea is that every time you make a 'mistake of inattention' you put in place a procedure that will prevent the mistake. wow. Uh, first, a 300W server is moderately heavy. I run core2quad boxes w/8G ram and they run about 120W. I soppose if you had dual quad core xeons, 300W isn't unheard of, but that's a beefy server. power(and cooling) in a datacenter in the bay area costs me around $400/month for 2000W (1500W usable if you are smart) so that is $400/month or $4800/year for 5 300W servers, or $960/year/box (for a massive 300W box.) so I'm not seeing where he's getting $8000... Well, I guess it's more expensive to build a datacenter than to rent, I guess? then why not rent? a velcro strip isn't going to keep a power plug from getting jerked out of a server by a careless admin. the difference between zipties and velcro is that velcro is best for organizational binding... zipties are structural, and should be largely considered permanent. You shouldn't cut a ziptie holding a cable that would take down production any more than you should move a rack while production servers in it are still running. If it is the sort of thing you might want to move while the servers are running (like, say, ethernet, or a bundle of cables that goes to more than one server) like you said you should use velcro or something else temporary. changing the process is exactly what I am talking about here... not so much changing, though, as creating. Usually, when you tell a SysAdmin to do something (install a server, remove a server, etc...) she just does it. I mean, most of this is pretty simple stuff. my suggestion is that when you see a mistake of inattention, you add process so the problem does not occur a second time. set up a checklist for that process, or as in the power cord example, change your process for installing new servers. the alternate is to just fire people when they make dumb mistakes... but for me, that is unjustifiably expensive, especially when compared with the cost of adding process. Sure, if you control the app you can set things up such that losing one physical server isn't a problem, but that is usually a lot more expensive than a few zipties. One thing I've learned in my years as a computer janitor is that a fix I can put in place now with materials I have on hand gets done. A fix I suggest to the devs, even if they agree it is a good idea, rarely gets done. Process, when it includes humans, is bureaucracy. And yeah, you need to make sure it doesn't get ridiculous, however, having a checklist for, say, installing a server, or replacing a bad disk is still, I believe, in the realm of 'good bureaucracy.' When you get paged at 4am after a late party, you can't count on being sharp and remembering everything. You have to accept that especially for emergency maintenance, sometimes your admins are not at 100%. you also need to accept that things you don't expect will happen. You can't always rely on process. I'm just saying that you can use process to avoid making the same mistake twice. most body shops don't add value Yet companies still insist on using them. I don't understand why. At one company, I was a contractor. I was leaving for another job, and they needed someone with my skillset. Well, I had a guy who was suitable working for me at the time, and I offered to rent out my employee at a below market rate. They refused. Well, I moved to my new gig and my side business slowed down, so when the recruiter who got me this contract gig called me asking for recommendations, I referred the guy who was working for me (I wasn't exactly paying him a fair wage, and even at the poor wages I was giving him I didn't have many hours of work for him) Anyhow, the company hired my guy through the headhunter (and liked him for more than a year) - but they paid twice as much to go through the body shop they liked rather than going through my corporation. It wasn't like the body shop was big... it was some guy running the operation out of his front room, just like my corp. body shops offer a degree of protection from contractors who later decide to sue for employee status, but I don't think that makes them worth it. I mean, your liability there is usually less than 50% of what you paid for the guy (if the government thinks you were paying an employee as a contractor, you have to pay the employer portion of SSI and unemployment insurance and other benifits, for the entire time the guy worked for you.) It's bad, but that's about what most body shops charge, and it's fairly rare for a contractor to come back and sue for employee status- but even if you had to pay those fees for every employee, I think you are still coming out ahead doing it yourself over paying the body shop. I've not met one headhunter who was capable of distinguishing between someone who is technically good and someone who is not. Granted, it's a hard problem- but it also requires a whole lot of domain specific knowledge. Knowledge that headhunters usually don't have. We can't answer that for you... but we can tell you a bit about our own situation. Personally, I've been running my own (much simpler) VPS hosting startup ( http://prgmr.com ) for more than two years. I'm on my second Porsche worth of personal money plowed into the thing (ok, second Porsche boxter... I'm probably still on my first, you know, real Porsche.) I dono. I mean, my company breaks even these days... most of what I've gotten out of it is experience and contacts (and those are worth something... my bill rate as a consultant verges on ridiculous, and I have a book deal. Pretty good for a Midwestern hick with no formal education.) I don't regret doing it, but if I had a chance to do it over I'd focus more on being more public (blogging, documenting, etc...) and less on the actual business. If I could 'open source' my project, I think that would magnify the benefits (that is, credibility and contacts) But you can't really 'open source' an ISP, which is essentially what I am. So yeah, personally I'd advise you to go for option #2, unless you can get significant investment from someone else. But then, you sound like you started from a different position than I did. It's possible that because I had so little when I started the credibility is worth a lot more to me than it is worth to you. Also, I have my own conflict of interest... your project sounds pretty cool, and I'd like to be able to use that technology for my own projects, or use products built by other people using that technology. Open-sourcing it is likely the best way to get the tech out to the masses. this is part of why I do everything in the terminal latency is acceptable, even when my workstation is on the other side of the globe, and I can buy a new workstation for 'change in the couch' money. (I currently have a $300 Everex CloudBook (via nanobook) I got at Wallmart for the bus rides. that and a usb 3g modem, and I'm good to go.) Backups are easy. Granted, the box isn't entirely redundant. If the motherboard blows on it, I've got to run to the datacenter and fix it or restore from backup to another box (if I'm remote) and I have a problem if the datacenter goes up in smoke, but it's been a pretty reliable system so far. The disk I'm on is mirrored, so I've not actually had to restore from backup in a few years. But yeah, it's nice because I can take a total 'it's disposable' attitude towards any laptop or desktop. If it gives me trouble, format and re install. If a client wants me to use one of her workstations, no problem (though I change the password from somewhere trusted when I'm done.) Heck with a sufficiently advanced cellphone I can console in. confidence is for marketing guys you should make important decisions on the rational level, not the emotional level. You should weigh the risks and rewards in a rational manner, rather than running with what you feel. Feelings can be quite mercurial, and if you quit after you have a depressing weekend, or (sometimes worse) get in over your head and charge up lots of personal debit because you 'feel good' you can get in a lot of trouble. Once you find that there is a positive expected return, keep making rational decisions. But then, my start up isn't making any money, so what do I know? One can commit to a plan while recognizing that it has a relatively small chance of success. The only other way to get past the startup phase of the business is to actively conceal the truth from yourself. To aim for "confidence" are you trying to say that starting a company is an irrational act? The difference you are speaking of is a small number of millaseconds. Maybe the difference between 50 and 80ms. this might make a difference if you are doing something like trading stocks... but for most webapps, your database is way slower than that. 20ms lag in loading a http page is not going to be noticed by anyone. more importantly He points out an easy way to get people to like you. Buy them food. It has worked for me (though I haven't tried it on the scale he speaks of.) a secretary and an accountant are both usually good ideas. Usually businesses have the accountant part down pat (most people I know like this live so far below their means that being bad with money doesn't really matter) but often companies will ask this guy to do things that are better suited to the secretary. S/he should be designing the inventory system, if some thing s/he builds needs to go in the inventory system, have someone else deal with that part. 'uninteresting details' are better left to those who are good at dealing with 'uninteresting details' I'm still not sure why it failed. it sounded like he just got tired of working on it. I mean, for a job like that with lots of physical schlep work I'd budget for a few people to handle the physical labor. Maybe $10,000 was a hard budget limit? I dono. it sounded to me like he should have stuck it out for a while longer, maybe after finding an underpaid lacky or partner. I turned down money from my family... but I'd turn down money from anyone who wasn't going to provide me with more than just money. I want a business guy, with relevant contacts, and this family member was a business guy, but he didn't want to advise me on the business side of things. I've run my own business by hiring people who are new (or down on their luck) that are obviously smart and have potential. I've done this for several years, and while the business has not done well (I attribute that to my own incompetence) I can point out a long trail of people who worked for me at $10-$15/hr who left my company to get real jobs paying more than 5x that. Uh, but yeah, actually I've had more people asking me for work than I have money of late, though, so if you shoot me an email lsc@prgmr.com I can send you a few promising resumes. buy me lunch or something if you like one of 'em. but yeah, how do I find people? Uh, the first was a few years after the .com bust. The guy was my roommate, randomly. Obviously he was really smart, and an excellent programmer, though he was chronically unemployed. I paid his rent and used him on my 'book price search' venture, which flopped due to competition, and on some consulting gigs. He left for a real job, and hasn't had trouble keeping a job since. the second was a guy I worked with during the first .com boom. I met him working in a deli a few years after the crash. I hired him for a little more than what the deli was paying, he worked on my current xen vps hosting venture. The third was that guy's roommate. I really got lucky that time. The forth was a guy just out of highschool who I met when I spoke at the LUG in Davis. He was a customer for more than a year before I hired him. Uh, that's the other thing. You have _much_ more flexibility if you are willing to let 'em work from far away. I haven't listed the foreigners I've hired, but there have been a few, good and bad. But yeah, overall, make sure your social circle includes people who are both poor and smart. Make offers if you know people working jobs that are beneath them. But the thing is you are looking for a market inefficiency. these are rare things. People who are good don't stay cheap for long. Be patient, and don't hesitate to act when you spot someone good. oh, yeah. ask friends. Let everyone you know that you are looking for someone willing to work cheap to gain experience. Many people have siblings and other contacts who are useful in this context. If he doesn't know how to do the jobs, you are correct, he's screwed unless he hires someone who does, and the median Sr. SysAdmin in this area is paid $140K (full load) per year. The market tends to agree that an experienced SysAdmin is worth a lot. However, if the original poster does have someone on staff who knows how to do the tasks in question, but lacks the time, (and enjoys and is good at teaching) then there is value to be had in Jr. SysAdmins. you have 2 options. 1. buy a much more powerful server/VPS. for seventy some odd dollars a month you can just leave your amazon ec2 image up all the time, and that's something like 1.7Gb ram. if you are willing to use a small provider (like me) you can do even better- I'll give you 2GB ram for $64/month. Having more ram makes a lot of problems just go away. (using a Xen based host also means that you can use swap, which means that your out of memory events would be slowdowns rather than crashes.) 2. get a skilled SysAdmin (possibly you) to optimize your system from a systems standpoint. ultimately, you want both. But often just buying a better server is the cheapest option. But yeah. no matter how much you like your host, I recommend that you always have a hot copy of your website/application at another server, ready to switch the dns over at the first sign of trouble. you should test this periodically. You need a SysAdmin. Now, this SysAdmin can be you (really, knowing the basics of server janitoring helps you as a developer and as a web designer, and as the guy who makes hosting decisions. Learning at least the basics of Linux is a good career move for almost everyone) but if not, you need to find someone you can depend on. The other option is to find a host that specializes in hosting drupal sites and is willing to take care of all that for you. The biggest problem with this is that you can only use the features they install for you. Of course, they will also charge more than generic hosting, but it's still cheaper than getting a SysAdmin. this is another example of why you always need offsite backups (even if it's a server on your DSL line) People make mistakes. web hosting providers are run by people. Data loss happens. I go even further and say that you need to make sure that no single person can delete every copy of your essential data (unless that single person owns most of the company) - if nothing else, you should keep backups under the founder's bed. I think (I hope) this is an excellent time to be competing on price/value. Competing on price and/or value is a difficult thing during the fat times, but when people start feeling the squeeze, I believe it becomes a much easier sell. Personally, I just blew 4 months operating expenses on new server parts in preparation for launching a 'value for the dollar' initiative, so I obviously agree that businesses will become more cost sensitive. I wasn't thinking about the capex vs opex change, but that's good for me, too. Interesting times indeed. effort is necessary but not sufficient. You need to put effort into areas where you can improve. As a child I wasted years learning how to write by hand. I still can not write legibly. Continuing down that path would be a waste, even if the skill wasn't completely obsolete. there are traps like this everywhere. You need to recognize areas where effort isn't bringing you returns, and somehow reorganize your life so that you don't have to do those things. find someone who isn't good at something you are good at, and vis-a-vis and trade. (this becomes much easier once you can hire people.) you are always dealing with incomplete knowledge. You are making decisions based on the evidence you have. Especially in a field as 'fuzzy' as business, if you are certain that a plan can not fail, you are almost certainly not evaluating it rationally. A tested disaster recovery plan (including tested off-site backups) is much more important, in many situations, than your choice of host. Choosing a good host is like running on raid disk. It's a great idea, and it dramatically reduces downtime, but if you keep important data it's not nearly as important as a good, tested, offsite backup. This does depend on your business model. Ask yourself: what is worse, being down for a few days? or losing all your data? Now, you did say that your site was news focused, so it's quite likely that losing the archives would be a fairly survivable event, if expensive (as you'd need to rewrite the code) but if you are entrusted with customer data, well, a failure without backups usually means death (or starting over with no customers and a bad reputation.) My experience has been that if you lose a customer's data, even if you warned them ahead of time that you were not keeping backups, the customer will leave, and more importantly will tell other people to avoid your service. on schwag: I was kindof thinking of distributing free T-shirts when I speak at LUGs and/or to customers who express interest. At $5-$10 each, well, it might be a dumb idea, I'm not sure. Average customer gets me $10/month or so in revenue. See, I was thinking that my target market (cheap Linux hobbyists and cheap micro-businesses) might actually wear free shirts. I would think the value of the schwag as advertising directly correlates to how much it is used in public by the recipient. The thing is, as I'm self funded, the credit crunch doesn't mean anything, so long as I keep my consulting gigs. I'm buying hardware right now like it was 1999. This next month, after I get my new capacity up, I am going to need to spend some money on advertising. I do ok for the relevant google searches, and my target market is very technical (yes, I could vastly expand my market by making it easier. I'm working on it, but my core customer base is people like me- people who don't click on ads.) so I don't think buying 'sponsored results' from google will make much difference. yeah. I guess I would extend this to all advertising that goes beyond making me aware a product is available. If I know about it, and I need it and can afford it, I'll buy it. If you have to browbeat or manipulate me into buying it, you've created negative value. first it wasn't a good deal for me (or else I would have bought it without the browbeating) and add to that the cost of browbeating or manipulating me. But then, most people seem to prefer to buy from salesmen, even when buying technical products that the salesmen often don't fully understand. After getting the facts about various products, most companies I've worked for then invite salespeople to pitch (salespeople who are often not technically qualified to even discuss the product) and then make decisions based on how good the salespeople were. This seems irrational to me, but it also seems to be how most businesses work, so maybe I'm wrong. yeah, but none of that conflicts with my 'sales subtracts value' theory, it just explains that people working at large corporations are more concerned with what decision looks right than what decision is right. That aside, I've seen the same thing happen at small companies that just had a lot of money. In one example, the guy making the decision was as technical as I am, and owned a good chunk of the company. I wanted a cheaper homegrown solution. "Dude, that's your Porsche" I said. I can understand why he went for the expensive solution instead (I was pretty young at the time, and prone to rash decisions and mistakes, and so was the rest of the technical team. The expensive product was expensive, but it worked.) Still, I felt he went with the vendor who looked good over the vendor that actually came out ahead in all our tests (and was cheaper, too... partially because they didn't take us out to lunch at fancy restaurants.) I've hired many a foreigner to work remotely, paying more than (USian) minimum wage. However, key here is comprehension of written English. (well, to work for me. And to work for me, you have to convince me that you are smarter than I am. I imagine those are different for other people.) I don't care about spoken English. Plenty of ways around that problem, I don't want to talk with you on the phone anyhow. Of course, right now I have a huge number of options in my price range, so until more people catch on to this 'location doesn't matter' fact, he's got to get good before I will be interested. But there are many people willing to hire across borders. Obviously, if he doesn't eat, that's his biggest problem. I don't have any good advice there. It sounds like you are up on the price/nutrition ratios of local foods. But to become a good nerd, he needs a computer. I remember my first computer. my dad gave me a giant book 'Upgrading and repairing PCs' by mark minasi. good book. he said read it, and he'd get me the parts for a computer. I did, I convinced him that I did, and a few weeks later the parts for a thoroughly obsolete (but completely loaded) 80286 were spread over my room when I got home from school one day. I mean, it was like '93 or '94, so even with the full megabyte of ram (it had a add-on ISA card) it was thoroughly obsolete. But it was mine, and I was able to get a shell account on a local BBS that had internet access. it was one of the formative events of my childhood. Of course, I dono if it's possible to get 'free computers' in that part of the world. I mean, around here you spend some time looking in likely dumpsters and you will find some good stuff. (I have a friend who has a nice collection of obsolete RISC medium iron that he got out of dumpsters at the local university) I don't know how it is in Turkey. I think learning how to be a support monkey is a very good first step (well, it's what I did first. And it was awesome. I remember I looked forward to getting out of school every day and going to work.) And it's usually an easy thing to get into, if you know a little bit and you are willing to work for menial wages. (my first job was fixing computers, but it paid maybe 80% of minimum wage.) Of course, I don't know how much my experience applies. I grew up in America, and while my jeans came from the salvation army, and I've eaten my share of rice and beans, I've never had to worry about not having enough to eat. I do think that having a computer to take apart is important. Thinking of your computer as a 'black box' appliance is an expensive luxury. if it's possible there, it's a great idea. It's how I got my start, though I grew up in the USA. I started by fixing computers for my parent's friends for a low fee. the hard part for this kid will be acquiring the skills. he needs his own computer to practice on. If he can find 'junk' parts, those provide excellent practice (or, at least that is what I learned on.) Long-term, something that can be done remotely might be a better idea, but after about three (paid) years of fixing PCs I was able to make the jump to Linux administration- it's a pretty common career upgrade path, and (at least in the USA) is commonly done by people with no formal education. eh, I think the big problem is that nerds, in general, regardless of gender have poor social skills. This is to be expected... I mean, we all have limited time, if you spend more of your time learning about computers than you spend learning about people, your social skills are not going to be as good as if you spent all your time learning about people. Ok, so we have a group of people with poor social skills. Note, people within this group can relate to oneanother much better than they can relate to people outside this group. Add to that an extremely skewed gender ratio, and you will find a lot of lonely men. Lonesomeness often leads to bitterness and misogyny. I don't imagine it's particularly pleasant to deal with someone who is both attracted to but also has a deep-seated anger towards your gender. Add to that the usual friction you get when people with poor social skills get together, and I can see how you might have an unpleasant situation. I've also heard it explained like this: Assume everyone wants to work (or talk about technical stuff) 95% of the time, and flirt 5% of the time. Assuming your company (or LUG) has a 1:10 female:male ratio, and furthermore postulate that all participants are hetrosexual. The women who do show up will be irritated, not because they don't want to flirt, but because they want to do other things as well. the sla only covers network connectivity, not hardware/systems problems? I guess that makes sense, but three and a half nines is a lot easier to get on a network than on PC hardware. huh. well, I imagine they still have the credibility edge over small providers. I guess if you really are using it as a cloud (that is, provisioning as needed, and not worrying about it if your existing systems go down) one out of 3 availability zones seems like it would be enough. But then, I bet a lot of people use ec2 like an ordinary VPS provider, which is to say they keep their image up all the time. (this is why I see them as a competitor, even though I rent by the month, not the hour, meaning you can do things with ec2 that you can't do with me. I am working on better provisioning/billing scripts, but I've been talking about it for a while, and it hasn't happened, while I have to say the ec2 system is pretty slick) you save a lot of money on office space if you let people work at home; and usually you can save on salary, too- many people will work for less money if you let them stay at home. This is what I've been doing, more out of necessity than anything else, Office space would cost more than what I'm paying people, and it's much easier to find people in my price range if I don't mind that they live a few timezones away. eh, I've given most customers a free month more than once, on my 99.5 sla. there's no reason why you can't have a real SLA, the company in question just needs to have the financial reserves to lose a months revenue without going into default. I see it as a way to gain credibility while I'm still small (and my reliability isn't what I'd like.) redundancy is key keep complete copies in different hosting companies on different continents. For details beyond that, we'd need to know what kind of trouble. The US is pretty good for most kinds of political speech, but horrible for many kinds of commercial speech. Many other countries are the opposite. But yeah. if you make sure you have a hot spare of your complete system in more than one country (this should be pretty cheap with the proliferation of VPS providers) you will be in much better shape. Once you have that covered, you really only need to worry about your DNS provider. 1. is the cheap way. as someone else said, you can use BGP instead of dns for failover to improve downtime, but then it's no longer cheap. Personally, this is my preferred solution. keep as much as possible in MySQL cluster and have the rest built on a central dev server and pushed out when there are changes. San is not cheap, and it's pretty easy to screw up the whole san. It's still a single point of failure. (I ran prgmr.com on a san for the first few years, and I switched away from SAN not because of cost, but because of reliability. With a san, it's really easy for the new guy to accidentally trash everything.) so yeah, I'd do #1. if you can use a active-active VPS, that's best, if you want to save money, run a smaller active-active site with ec2 images standing by (remember to test weekly) - the problem with 'cold' backups is that they are usually broken. active active means they are up all the time. sounds like entitlement to me. professional? professionals wear suits. I'm running a company, but I still work days as a contractor to pay for it. please, then, define what 'professional' means. It is interesting how this reads like a "how to recognize a person who is bad at marketing" list. Really, I think as a customer, you get a much better deal if you place more value on logic and honesty than on rhetoric, confidence, and the tall guy in the nice suit. the thing is, if joe average thought less of people for being intellectually dishonest, joe average would be in a much better place. Instead of just appealing to his emotions, politicians (and salespeople) would need to appeal to his interests. no, it has nothing to do with being a 'nice guy' - it is about being direct and honest. I know several brilliant people who are completely confident even in areas where they know nothing. The problem with this is that for me to use that brilliant but intellectually dishonest guy, I need to have a good idea of what he knows and what he doesn't. This one guy I know is a brilliant computer scientist, or at least, he's much better than I am. He's not going to deliberately mislead me, but once he gets an idea in his head, to him, that idea is truth - this is fine when you ask him stuff he knows. You get the right answers, and aggressive rhetoric to back it up. He's a great counterweight to salesguys, 'cause he can talk the boss into doing the right thing. However, if you ask him about something he knows nothing about, he will back up his uninformed opinions and half-baked theories with rhetoric that is just as strong. With someone who is intellectually honest, I can ask advice on a wide variety of subjects, and even if I know nothing of the subject in question, I can figure out how much my intellectually honest adviser knows about the subject in question, as well as what he thinks I should do. I also know people who are assholes who are also intellectually honest. Really, any kind of honesty requires being at least a little bit of an asshole. sales is important But it's not everything. There are other aspects of marketing that hackers are usually pretty good at (for instance, giving the impression that your company is honest and hires smart, competent people.) Many companies skip the "buy a suit, meet the client, buy them expensive dinners" kind of sales. Selling to consumers is much easier (well, for me) you still have to market your company (like I said, can be as simple as giving the impression you are smart, competent and honest, depending on your target market.) but the actual sales consists of posting the prices and setting up an automated system to take money. No fast-talking is required. Some people say you need sales skills to attract investors and partners. Personally, I wouldn't take an investment from someone I wouldn't want as a partner, because they will act as a partner. And I don't want a partner who is willing to give more money to a smooth talking salesguy than to a smart, honest hacker. Granted, I do want a good salesperson on my team, but I don't want to put anyone who is vulnerable to sales anywhere they can make decisions that effect my company. It is critical that small companies buy products and solutions that provide the best value, not products or solutions that are sold by the best salesperson. My current plan is to get the technical side of my house in order (and I have no trouble selling to technical consumers, so far I haven't had any trouble selling faster than I can put up new capacity) and get a customer base under me. After that, it should not be difficult to get a sales person to do corporate sales or the like, if I choose to go that direction. finding good people is hard, very hard. Finding good people for below market wages is even harder. It's possible, though. It is much easier if you have the skill set you are looking for. I bet that if you just hire blind and fire the people who don't work out, you will end up paying for a lot of unproductive hours. It also adds a sense of urgency. The thing is, once these good people working for below market wages get some good experience (working for you) they will get jobs that pay market rates. This has happened to me many times. Expect and understand this. Don't feel betrayed because someone with little or no equity abandons you for several times as much money. Be honest, you would do the same. Give good references. The best resource I've found for finding people who are both skilled and poor is other people who are skilled and poor. I'd actually like some advice on how to handle equity in this case. I've always done handshake kind of deals, which is asking for trouble if you become successful. If the company does succeed, it seems fair to me to give some equity to the people who were working for below market wages. (now, personally, I still think I should have more equity, because I was both the investor and one of the workers.) but that's the thing. worse is better. The Internet doesn't need to be re-designed for every new type of technology that comes around. Sure, you can do a 'content centric' setup on top of IP, on the most hackish level, just set a squid cache with big disks at the head of your network. (at a more expensive level, you can put your content on akamai or the like) But you don't have to be content-centric, and this is good. How would you do VoIP over a content-centric network? The decentralized and hackish nature of the internet is precisely why it has become so successful. Personally, I would argue that 'worse is better' is the only way to go if you need the cooperation of many people, as it requires the least agreement. more complex, more "perfect" systems can sometimes be better, but they usually need to be created and operated by a single entity. This would be completely incompatible with what makes the internet great. probably depends on your position. I'd think twice before investing in a business person who declared bankruptcy. I mean, it would matter why, and it wouldn't be an immediate no any more than having a failed business would be an immediate no, but it's a black mark. The technical partner having that black mark? especially if the technical partner had a business partner who was responsible (and who would presumably be responsible for the money) well, that wouldn't bother me so much. physical access is root access... I don't think renting virtual servers (what you are doing with ec2, at least) is inherently any less secure than renting a physical server. Either way, if I am the provider, and I am willing to do unethical things to your server, I can. Virtualization makes this slightly easier, but it's certainly possible on physical servers. If you are co-locating your own hardware, I only need to fake one crash to give myself root. If you are renting a server, well, it's easy enough to trojan the image I give you. Like most of the 'cloud computing' hype, these problems have been around for a while. 'cloud computing' seems an awful lot like 'what we have been doing all along, only faster and in a standard manner' Not that it's not awesome, but I'm just saying that the problems are not new. (unless you mean application-level cloud computing like google app engine. that's something different, with different concerns. I was speaking of 'quick provisioning' clouds, or 'utility computing' like amazon ec2) ah. Well, then I guess it would depend on if I thought you went through bankruptcy because you started a company without a corporation and it crashed, or if I thought you went through bankruptcy for personal reasons. The latter, in my mind, would pretty much disqualify you, as it suggests you are not good with money. The former is just fine, assuming you can get me to believe you. (but convincing me of this would be difficult. Everyone with a shopping problem would like to think they were really 'investing' Financial records from the failed company would help a lot, and would provide evidence you are good with money.) Of course, I invest in my own companies, not in other people's companies, so my opinion may not be representative. Oh, also, especially if you are young, it will matter a lot less as you get older. We all can relate to doing irresponsible things when we were young. how do you prevent this from becoming a haven for spammers? the only reason to virtualize MySQL that I can think of is if you have 2 servers with way more ram than you need. Say that, like me, you buy servers based on the dollar-per-ram metric. Right now, this means your servers have 32GB ram each. (I use two quad-core opterons in each 32GB ram server) so say I have 2 servers with 32GB ram each, running Xen. (I do, in various states of assembly and burn-in) Further say I only need 1GB of data on my MySQL server. I can easily carve off a 4GB ram server from each Xen hardware host, and I can setup a MySQL cluster server, with redundancy for much less than it would cost to build two 4GB servers. Remember, virtualization is just a tool to make consolidation easier. Consolidation saves you money when the best value per unit of CPU/RAM leaves you with a server that is larger than you need. Consolidation, though, tends to reduce redundancy. Be careful with it. "hire slowly, fire fast" sounds like good advice to me. I'm surprised how hard most people seem to find firing people. I mean it's usually pretty clear within the first month or so if you made a mistake, and at that point it's not like they have a lot of company-specific knowledge, so I think at that point, often it's best to apologize to the (now ex) employee for the hiring mistake and part ways. Hiring good people is hard, and you are bound to make mistakes. It seems to me like you need to have a procedure for correcting same. "human qualities" You need to be careful here... turning away a good programmer because she has a touch of auspergers usually means you end up with a mediocre programmer. If programming is core to your startup, hire the best programmers you can get, and then hire other people who are compatible with the programmers personalities. Of course, if your startup is largely marketing focused, a mediocre programmer who can deal with your marketing guy might be a better choice. But my point is that you don't need everyone on the team to be socially skilled or friendly- but you do need to make sure you have compatible personalities. yeah, well, part of it depends on how smart you are. As the article said, you need someone who fits in to the team, someone strong where the rest of you are weak. Me, I'm kinda dumb (well, I mean, I qualify for mensa, but only just. Meaning, compared to most really good programmers, I'm kindof dumb) But I'm really good at dealing with people who are less socially able, so for me, it makes sense to hire the smartest person I can find, at least for technical positions. If I were smarter, and/or if I had a harder time getting along with people, or if I was hiring a marketing and/or bizdev guy, hiring down might make a lot of sense. I really enjoyed that article... he put in to words many things that I feel are true about marketing. (of course, he also seems to be assuming that Obama has won, and it's not over yet.) "marketing is tribal" - seems key to me. Of course, I set out to create a product that I would want to use, so obviously, I am going to try to sell it to my tribe. But yeah. "cool" only applies within a tribe. It has been obvious that if I want to sell to corporations (that is, executive decision makers) I will need to get a sales person who knows how to handle that tribe. good advice (well, I think so) but then, I've been doing this for some time. I use xmlresume and use the skilllevel=tag. (which reminds me, I should probably update my resume.) http://xmlresume.sourceforge.net/ Eh, I think listing some sort of 'skill level' (for example, my resume lists lisp under programming languages, but notes that I'm a novice.) The best of both worlds, I think, because it gets you noticed by the keyword seekers, and sets reasonable expectations for the technical person who actually interviews you. I waited to graduate highschool... I had an equivalency in 10th grade, though. I regret not leaving highschool as soon as possible. I would have had another year working during the .com boom. as it is, I only got in on the tail end. Not all employers are assholes about schedules. Find one that isn't. You sound like you are pretty good. If you are pretty good, you should be able to find a company that is willing to work around whatever weirdness you have. I don't have a sleep disorder (or at least, haven't been diagnosed) but I am a lazy fuck and have a hard time getting up at the same time every day. everywhere I've worked they've put up with me showing up at noon pretty often. (my favorite quote "I know I said we had a flexible schedule here, but I'm going to have to put my foot down and ask you to show up by noon") I mean, I can't show up at noon every day, but if I get there by 10:00 for most of the week, they usually forgive me showing up at 13:00 one day. I've never been fired for being late. Oh, yeah, the trick to this? most of those places really did want me to show up on time. However, they wanted my work done even more. I can force myself awake at the same time every day (It's easy enough, I just keep a bowl of no-doz by the alarm, and eat one every time I hit the snooze) but I'm a zombie. So yeah, when they start giving me shit about showing up on time, I put in effort for a week or two, but at that point my performance starts falling, so I start showing up late again, and they are usually glad enough to see results that they are OK with my tardiness for a while. Many employers (myself included) will let you work from home, when you want to. (Of course, many of us do this because we find that people are willing to give you better work for less money, if you are willing to let them work when and where they want to. When you give people a choice, they usually sell you their most productive hours, which is awesome for the employer.) those online sites where you bid for work? e-lance and guru.com? they are about the worst place I can think of to look for contract work. Craigslist. Seriously. http://sfbay.craigslist.org/cpg I don't care if you are in the bay area or not. you get plenty of 'work from home' gigs there (and most of 'em are posted in the san francisco craigslist even if the client is in New York.) Oh, and another thing; if you do get an on-site contracting gig (this is how I pay for my business) remember that most on-site contractors are basically people who were not skilled enough to get the job full-time. If you are shockingly better than the other contractors on the team, they often put up with a less-reliable schedule. Oh, and developing a reputation for honesty on your timesheets is also recommended. The body shop is going to want you to just put all eights, but if you are good, and the client notices that you are good (and that you are honest on your timesheets) they will go to bat for you. You may technically work for the body shop, but the only people you really need to like you is the client. (If you can contract without a body shop and still get a good rate, shoot me an e-mail and explain how that works.) I've gotten really good foreigners for cheap, but not through agencies. keep in touch with your college friends on F-1 visas. Hire them if they go home. Keep in touch with co-workers on H-1 visas. hire them when they go home. Both can sometimes point you at others who are similarly skilled who don't have much by way of economic opportunity. for me, something familiar. set on repeat. the primary point is not the music, it is drowning out conversations my co-workers are having. Otherwise I become that irritating guy who jumps into every conversation within twenty feet of his cube. white noise doesn't work as well... the simple patterns in music, I think, help a lot. At a secondary level, some music seems to act a little like stimulants. But that is secondary to drowning out conversations. huh. both use xen... you'd think you'd be able to put a 32-bit image on there (unless they are using some ancient version of Xen) 32 on 64 seems to work pretty well on Xen 3.3. this reminds me, I need to start providing some 32-bit images. Hah. I know this one. Ok. first, are you willing to use a wrist strap, to buy an anti-static mat and verify you are grounded? http://prgmr.com/~lsc/luke_opterons.jpg (my setup) If you are not, stop right now and take someone else's advice about how to get a good deal out of dell and HP (me, I can't afford dell and hp prices... my business model cant take that kind of markup on the ram. Dell and HP have OK deals on the base server, but you get screwed if you fill it with ram.) Ok, you have the wrist strap and the dissapative mat? Ok, now first the ram. If you want 32GB ram, remember that 4GB modules cost twice as much per gigabyte as 2gb modules. this means you really want a board with 16 ram slots. Second, the hardest part of assembling a computer is fitting the motherboard into the case and designing the cooling. Me, I buy SuperMicro SuperServers where that sort of thing is alrealdy done. It probably costs me $200 extra over some homebrew solution, but it saves me time and gives me a better finished product. Here is the computer I settled on: http://supermicro.com/Aplus/system/1U/1021/AS-1021TM-T+.cfm Now, just search around for the lowest prices. if you are buying 20, you can call salesjerks, but my experience has been that they spend a lot of your time (time that I can bill out for close to $100/hr) and almost never give you a better deal on parts (remember, the salesguy wants to get paid, too.) I got the aformentioned case from newegg for around $1200. Next, do the same with CPUs. I ended up buying quad-core opteron HE chips at 1.9ghz for $260 or so each on newegg again. Now, for ram, I very rarely beat the price on shop.kingston.com. They have a nice thing for finding the ram that fits your motherboard, and a good warranty. the 2 servers in that photo? they take 1u of rackspace, around 350 wats power, and the whole ball of wax, for 2 servers, each with 8 cores and 32GB ram and 2x1TB disks, came in at under $5000. But again, if you are unwilling to use anti-static equipment, buy the servers from a reputable vendor, and never open them. the biggest problem with dell is only 8 ram slots. if you want 32GB ram, this means 4GB modules... you will end up paying more than a grand more per server than you would if you got a box with 16 ram slots. yeah, the IPMI kinda sucks... more than DRAC, even (which is worse than HP ILO) I use SuperMicros but I just redirect console over serial (they can do this even for the BIOS setup, nearly all 'server' boards can) then I hook the serial to another server with a $5 USB to rs232 dongle (or to a terminal server in the case of racks with a lot of servers) then you want a remote rebooter. You want that even with DRAC, 'cause DRAC isn't particularly reliable. if you leave that on all the time, and plan on keeping it for more than a month, that's a horrible deal. I can build a super micro server w/ 32G ram and 8 cores for around $2500, and I get to keep it. Heck, I'll rent you one of mine and host it for $512/month. Of course, if you only need it during the day, or temporarily or something, ec2 is an awesome deal. Good advice about not wasting time on people who want 'credit' - always check before hand how long it will take you to get paid. And don't count your money until the check clears. (though personally I'd wait two weeks, or even a month for a client if I couldn't do better.) about selling crap: sure, selling your video game system and TV is fine... if you have systems that are worth more than the time it takes to sell them. Right now it's pretty easy for me to get work at $80/hr... selling, say, the obsolete servers in my garage or my TV won't net me $80/hr. I guess it might make sense if you have nice stuff, or if you can't find contract work at all. (I've been there, I've made rent by selling obsolete computer parts. talk to your tax person You really want to pay off that debit out of pre-tax monies. (well, unless you are declaring bankruptcy, but your debit seems small for that.) Either way, a $100/hr tax dude seems expensive, but it's not as expensive as paying off that debit out of post-tax money. you have a good point. It's hard to find a co-lo that doesn't have excessive fees for 'not knowing exactly what you will need for the next two years' - I myself have gotten in trouble with bandwidth contracts. My point is just that at $700 for 4 cores/15G, you are better off paying for a server if you need at least two and stay more than two months. (I pay under $2500 for 8 cores/32G ram) Even if you buy a dell and have to pay for the more expensive 4GB modules ('cause all the dells I know of only have 8 ram slots) and pay for the 'sales guy tax' I imagine you aren't more than twice that, unless you get silly on the CPUs, so even then you are talking only 4 months to make your investment back. You do need to be careful about co-lo contracts, though, they are professionals (by which I mean they are really good at screwing you.) so watch out, and always assume the worst of any document you sign. There are places that let you go month-to-month, especially on the low end. He.net usually lets you get full racks on a month to month basis, with a reasonable ($500) setup fee... I know lots of smaller providers that give you month-to-month on a per-U basis. (see rippleweb.net - I host my backup servers there. Something like $80 per U/month, but that includes 1TB data transfer, and they let you host one of the aforementioned 8 core monsters without charging extra, and they let you go month to month.) Heh. so the article basically says 'open source is really good for software users, therefore it is bad for software vendors' - perhaps they are right, but that seems more like a positive than a negative to me. Personally, I wouldn't want to buy software from someone who wanted to lock me into something broken. RDP is actually a little better than VNC if you are using windows (imo) personally, I do everything in Linux in a shell. The only GUI I use on a regular basis is the web browser. With SSH, unless your connection is just horrible, it's difficult to tell if you are working locally or on a box hundreds of miles away. But if you want a GUI, that doesn't help you. Use RDP. ah. Yes. well, that's what I will do next. ask them to go to stores and sit in chairs. this person has used a standard, cheap office chair forever, and thinks back pain is normal. (which it might very well be, but this person hasn't spent much time on ergonomics yet, so I was looking for guidance from the chair enthusiast crowd here.) heh. yes, they should, but I hope they don't. When they started (I was accepting customers before they were) they beat my prices soundly. I was able to lower prices to slightly below ec2 probably a year ago, and now, my prices are about half amazon.com. Really, though, I don't think of it as lowering prices. I think of it as giving the customer more resources for the same price. The cost of ram and cpu (both capital costs, and recurring power costs) per unit is dropping rather fast, while the per-account overhead (a big deal for me, because my provisioning system sucks. probably less of a big deal for amazon.) remains about the same. really? While I agree that Tesla was much more of a genius (and that Edison did both himself and the world a disfavor by not putting up with him) I do think there is a place in the world for Edisons. (though I think they need to be careful to treat their Teslas well.) Tesla, while brilliant, was also kindof crazy, and from what I understand, had poor human and business skills. He died penniless, and getting funding for his work was always a problem. (a travesty, I think, after his early successes.) The optimal solution, I think, would have been for Edison to keep his ego in check (at least around Tesla) - I bet if Edison had handled the situation better, and managed to keep Tesla happier working for him, Tesla would have had a much more productive life. I mean, If you are lucky enough to have a Tesla, and he gives you something as awesome as AC, I'd set aside a portion of the resulting money for his future projects. Buy him a lab and some assistants (and whatever else he wanted) and let him focus on his next idea, rather than on trying to get funding. Edison could have done this... From what I understand that was kindof his business model, only he failed to keep Tesla happy. just a guess... but did you only work for small companies in the US and large ones in Italy? 'cause my experience (within the US) has been that large companies are very much like you describe Italian companies, and small companies are much more like the US companies you describe. I guess I also get pretty bored with jobs after a year or two. It's funny, though, I have been running this business for quite a bit longer than that, and it's not boring. I think the boring parts of the dayjob are the stupid that I can't change. I mean, sure, there is stupid at my company, too- sometimes a lot of stupid. but it's my stupid, and I'm allowed to figure out how to fix it. I think most of us are working towards a point where we can choose what we spend our time on. Me, I'm currently working a full-time contract gig for the money, and then coming home, working on my book and my hosting company. The book is winding down, and the hosting company, well, I might not be an awesome manager, but I do seem to be pretty good at finding and hiring underemployed people who turn out to be quite good. (as confirmed by the salaries they command when they leave my company.) so I do have good help. Obviously, I'm not to the point where I have less 'forced work' - in fact, I'm doing the opposite. Right now, I'm working way more hours than would provide maximum effectiveness (I think it's been more than a month since I've had a week with less than 80 hours.) I keep my productivity from going negative by switching tasks often and outsourcing many things normal people do themselves (for example, I pay someone to clean out my house once a week. It costs me $15/hr, and she's much faster than I am. Being as I bill out north of $70/hr even in my current state, it's a good deal) but it's still completely unsustainable, and there's one guy working for me that I lean on way too much. If he quits before I expect him to (usually people stick with me for around a year) I am so fucked. I don't see these 80 hour weeks as a good thing; they are, in fact, really stupid. I'd almost certainly get more done if I could cut it down to 60. But the book needs to get out soon... the publisher is getting antsy, and already Xen has changed so much we have to rewrite parts. And the hosting company, well, that's kindof the point here. that's why I'm putting up with this other crap, so I can't put it on hold. I figure after the book is out (assuming the hosting company keeps improving as it has been) I'll be able to cut my consulting hours, relying on the credibility of being published to reduce some of the marketing effort. If I had to do it over again, I would have set things up so that I could support myself on a part time job, and grown the hosting company more slowly, so it could also be supported by that part-time job. But I do find work, even work for other people to be pretty interesting for the first 6months or a year. This actually works out pretty well for me as a contractor. I mean, if you want someone for longer than six or twelve months, you shouldn't be using contractors anyhow, so nobody get's bent out of shape if I want to leave around that time. If I didn't have the entrepreneurial bug, I'd probably work as a contractor for three to six months out of the year, and read (or write) the rest of the time. Especially if you spent your working time in the bay area and your relaxing time somewhere cheaper, you could live pretty nicely that way. uh, yeah. they can also fail just like "web startups" - it's just you have a more obvious business model. Me, I've been running a Xen virtual private hosting company for the last few years. I sold backup space before that, and was utterly crushed by amazon S3. By the time EC2 was in public beta, I had been selling Xen VPSs for some time... they were cheaper than me for a while... but these days I'm rather a lot cheaper. Still, the competition is fierce. Sure, you don't need to get venture capital (one of the main reasons why I chose it, also, because I already have an important asset: I'm a pretty good SysAdmin, and I'm good at finding .) but there's no guarantee that you will make money. Margins are pretty thin, and like everything else, people still want to see you advertise. I would argue that it's not something 'anyone can do' any more than writing a webapp is something 'anyone can do' - either way, you need some technical skill, or the money to buy some technical skill, along with business and marketing skills. time. Resources. Lack of artistic/design skill (actually, I'm selling about as fast as I can get servers up, so marketing is not high on the priority list right now) check out http://prgmr.com/xen/ Horrible, no? I'm moving to a design based on http://prgmr.com/~lsc/css/ - very minimalist (when I'm done, most words on that page will be links to more information) The idea is that I have no taste. I can come up with something that conveys the idea, but I'm pretty much operating on blind trust when choosing a designer. I can give you a long list of links to designs that I've got from people which were either clearly bad, or that other people told me were horrible. In my business, credibility is very important. Well, that, and price, but I'm the cheapest of my competitors by quite a lot, so it's really only credibility I need to worry about. A web presence is part of that. I was also approached about writing a book on the subject, so I imagine that will help: http://nostarch.com/xen.htm though I clearly have missed the hype sweet-spot. where in the bay area? I'm in the south bay, and might be interested in something similar. let me know if you end up finding something in the south bay. Convenience, for me, is paramount. Right now, I'll usually take a laptop to a restaurant or cafe... Starbucks is not the place to do this, usually. too busy, and they are setup to move people in and out quickly. (they have an interesting business model... basically be kindof like places that loose money being a cool place to hang out, only without the expensive space-using 'hanging out' part.) There's a 'bubble tea' place near where I live that I like, they aren't busy and the owners seem friendly, and they don't seem to mind me being loud while working with others. they aren't open late, though. and I've got to bring my own network. and no external monitors or anything nice like that. (really, I can't work for more than an hour or two on a laptop without tweaking out my back. External keyboards and monitors solve the problem) so long as you can still make money, you need to be careful with this... it is easy to spend an hour saving $10, but if you bill out at $80/hr, that doesn't make sense, unless you can't find any work at all. Personally, looking over my personal expenses, I see I can save a lot of money eating in more. However, I think the returns diminish quite a lot when choosing cheaper raw materials over more expensive raw materials. Either way, groceries are still so cheap that it's not worth the time to optimize. (but then, I'm not really an organic/premium guy.. I guess for some people looking at that might make sense) same thing in the business... optimizing the co-lo costs makes a lot of sense... but saving a hundred bucks per server by not using hot-swap drives is a false economy. It only takes one bad drive (and the resulting downtime) to pay for a whole bunch of hot-swap bays. I think usually the easiest way to save money is to look for 'premium' services. If you are buying $15/Lb 'premium organic' beef, eh, you might want to think about switching to the normal steak at $5/lb. If you are going with rackspace.com, you might want to look at a less expensive hosting provider. (generally speaking, if you have to ask how much it costs, you are getting overcharged. If you have to talk to a sales guy to buy the product, remember that his salary is being added to the cost of your product.) Another thing to point out here is the premium for renting servers. At what I pay (that is, small business prices) I can usually build servers for what it costs to rent them for two to three months. Sure, ec2 is great if the servers are only on a few hours a day, but you can save a whole lot of money by moving your core servers to dedicated boxes you own and co-locate. "Never buy from a rich salesman. Always use a rich lawyer" Remember that the confidence and good looks of the salesguy have zero correlation to the reliability of the service, and usually have a inverse correlation to the value for the dollar of a service. Good salesguys are expensive. If you like that sort of thing, during good times, it's fine to spend the extra money and get the guy to take you out to lunch. But during the hard times, that's a premium you maybe should look at giving up. Let employees work from home, if you can give up the office. If you are good at communicating over the computer, think of hiring people to work from home in the midwest or the south. Drop your recruiting firm or body shop. Hire directly through contacts, or if worst comes to worst, craigslist. Usually headhunters add little value, and they are quite expensive. (actually, my experience has been that body shops give you the resumes of mediocre people. They do cull the worst, but they also cull the best, has been my experience.) Going through resumes isn't that hard, and really it's something you can probably do better than most headhunters. The layoffs are cutting pretty deep, even people who are moderately good are getting the axe now. And fresh graduates? good god. Times are tough for them... more and more people with degrees (and even a little experience) are moving into my price range. Nice! hm. and Python support means that even those without as much C++ foo can contribute. I will check it out. I would say "do both" - aws is awesome if your site is running slow 'cause you are out of capacity, or you otherwise need a box 'right now' or for only a short period of time. spin up another instance and be done with it. But for the boxes you leave on all the time, you are probably better off buying and co-locating your own server. Usually the capital cost difference is made up in only a few months. The times when a Xen host makes long-term sense are when you want a box that is smaller than optimal. Right now, I buy dual quad-core opterons w/ 32G ram and 2x1TB disk... assuming I am ok with moderate-speed low-power opterons, it costs about $3K up front. Hosting, say, another $150/month. That's a whole lot of ec2 instances. At those prices, well, AWS is pretty expensive over the long term. But yeah. AWS is awesome for the servers you don't need on all the time, or servers you don't have time to setup (or your whole ball of wax if your margins are such that paying more for computers won't break your business model.) the upside of dedicated servers (that you own) is that after a few months they are dramatically cheaper. Personally, I think that if you are small enough to need less than a full physical box, a VPS usually makes sense. If you are large enough to need more than one physical box, it usually makes sense to use ec2 or other VPS providers for the stuff you need right now, and then build out dedicated servers for your longer-term needs. This explains why the 'you act like an employee, just easier to fire' in-person contracting gigs usually only pay 25%-50% more than the same gig as a salaried employee, while my experience has been that off-site, work-when-you-can freelance work more often commands two to four times the hourly rate you'd expect as a salaried employee. my experience with the 'hour here and there' consulting that I did a few years back was that the marketing time is more like 1 hour marketing to 30 hours work, or better. But then, I charged closer to 150% what I would expect salary (vs. 200-400%) It would have worked swimmingly if I didn't have a capital-intensive side-project. It was a pretty easy way to support myself while working two days a week or so, leaving lots of time for self-improvement. I dono... maybe I would have gotten rejected more if I charged more, but I usually enjoy the technical stuff more than the marketing, so it makes sense to work two hours on technical work rather than one hour marketing and one hour technical work, if that is indeed the choice. I have had the occasional client willing to pay me 4x what I would expect from a salaried gig, but I mostly lucked into those. Some clients offered me more than I was asking, so maybe I would have done OK insisting on the higher rates. there is a difference between increasing the value you can provide in the future and directly providing value to your customer. The lines blur some if you are salaried and unlikely to leave your employer or if you are learning things specific to your employers needs. I use S3 for small things... it can't be beat if you only need to back up a few gigs. I agree, though, that once you scale up it gets pretty expensive. I host my own backups for the heavy stuff. (there are other providers willing to host your backups for cheaper as well, if you are willing to buy in terrabyte-size chunks) now is the time to hire. You can pick up some good deals. Right now, especially with the 'just out of college' crowd, and if it's like the last downturn, in a year or two you will be able to find good people who got discouraged and did retail work for a while. Most companies charge more because they can. the same reason why if you buy the base dell you get a really good deal, but if you load up the dell with ram you end up paying a lot more than if you bought the parts yourself. The idea is that most businesses want to charge people with money more. I'll rent you a 32GB server for $512/month, if you want. I'll have an extra later today. dual quad-core opteron (1.9Ghz) with 32GB of registered ecc ddr2 and 2x1TB sata disks. It's one of those supermicro 1u twin dohickies. shoot me an email and arrange things. lsc@prgmr.com I can arrange for a serial console but no rebooter. eh, some are, some aren't. for $20/month, I give you a gig of ram. (I'm out of space until I get my new server in this evening, which tells me that my prices are low) It's not quite as simple as just adding more ram to the single-socket box that you get when you order a dedi with 1G ram. see, ram gets more expensive the higher density you go, 2gb modules are pretty cheap, 4gb modules are about twice as much per gigabyte, 8gb modules twice as much again, per gigabyte. (It's slightly more complicated... quad-rank ram, for instance, is basically a way of fitting more ram modules in the same number of slots. Most motherboards don't support it, and those that do don't support very many of them.) If you can find a single-socket core2 or opteron board with more than 4 ram slots, let me know. this puts an 8GB limit on economical single-socket boxes. dual-socket boxes, on the other hand, I can get supermicro dual-socket opteron boards with 16 ram slots. Of course, you can get 1.9Ghz low-power quad-core opterons for around $256 each, so it's still not as expensive as people seem to think. I'm just saying you can't just cram more ram into the box they use when you order a 1GB box. there are many cheap quad and dual-core Xeons and Opterons. I use 1.9Ghz low-power quad-core Opterons, which cost around $256 each. You pay a large premium (in power or money or both) for the last few clock cycles. If you need more ram than CPU, which is usually the case for me, you can save quite a lot. eh? if you find a startup that works remote ( I know PG doesn't like it, but it does save a lot of time and effort, and really opens up the number of applicants) you can avoid all the visa bullshit. even if you want to come down here, other than visa bullshit, it should be easy for the startup company. The big problem right now is that with the economy how it is right now, I'm getting experienced and good people for intern prices, but that doesn't really have anything to do with where you are from. I suppose it depends upon your audience. Personally, I become somewhat irritated when people try to guess what I am feeling rather than believing what I am saying. I've also had good luck trusting people to tell me what they want, rather than trying to construct a model of what they are feeling. But then, most of my friends, and all of my customers are technically oriented people. there is another option: 4. put yourself in a position where you deal with other people who value logic and reason. I mean, you need some of 3, as well... Personally, I have succeeded at 4. to the point where I am one of the more emotional and irrational people in my life. I think my life got a lot better when I stopped listening to people who said I was too analytical. Sure, we are none of us completely rational, but I think there is a difference between striving for rationality and consciously avoiding it. 208v AC is easier to find than DC, it works with (most) existing power supplies (look on your power supply... most say that input voltage can be 100 to 240 voltage, and most are auto-switch, though a few still have to be manually switched) and it still gives you a nice efficiency boost. some of my servers run 208v. As a bonus, many places will give you a 30A 208V circuit for less than the cost of 2 20a 110v circuits. (watts is volts times amps, so that is quite a deal.) Economies of scale? The thing is, hosting takes commodity parts (where most of the 'economies of scale' are available almost at the retail level) and uses those parts to provide service. The barriers to entry are small: one really good SysAdmin and enough money to rent a full rack with power and servers. see, I think that if you buy less than a full rack, sure, you get eaten alive. But if you can fill a full rack and 1 30A 208V circuit, the savings as you buy more space diminish. Again, hosting is a commodity, and most of the economies of scale are available almost at the retail level. (in this case, from what I've seen the full rack with 1 208V 30A circuit is about the minimum you need to buy to get a reasonable price, but buying 10 racks like that doesn't get you much of a discount.) SysAdmin time... well, really you need at least 2 SysAdmins, for reasonable coverage, but one can be less experienced (but still very, very careful!) Now, two sysadmins can handle more than one rack, so you do gain benefits if you scale out the capacity to what your two guys can handle. Look at amazon EC2, they are still charging $70/month for 1.7GB ram. That was a pretty good price, in 2006. Think about how many of those you can fit on a $4000 dual quad-core system with 32GB ram. that's a lot of money. From what I have seen consulting for large companies, they don't get a discount on hardware or people, either. Sure, they might give dell millions of dollars, but I pay $1.5K per 32G box less just 'cause I buy motherboards with 16 ram slots and use 2gb modules, while the dells use motherboards with 8 ram slots, requiring expensive 4GB modules. And SysAdmins, well, from what I have seen good people are much cheaper for small companies (at least in part because small companies can hire people and then easily fire them if they aren't that great.) I don't know, I haven't used them. It's possible that they really are cheap, but I kindof doubt it. From what I have seen at large companies, purchasing decisions are first filtered based on what companies are willing and able to jump through the 'preferred vendor' hoops, and then largely decided on whoever gives the best kickbacks (or whoever has the best 'relationship' with the otherwise powerless middle manager making the decision) rather than on price or other objective concerns. Maybe I am wrong, and there really is information being exchanged that I am not seeing. I'm just saying how it looks from the point of view of a consultant brought in to advise on the technical suitability of the servers. I worked at a company that bought large volumes of servers from rackable a while back, (as a SysAdmin, not a consultant) and I don't know about the price, but the support was pretty good, re-read my comment. I recognize that we are not completely rational. Rationality and logic, though, are still very powerful tools, even when wielded by emotional beings such as ourselves. Some of us are more comfortable with logic and rational models than we are with emotions. What I am speaking of has much to do with cultural values. Just like a Scientist is not going to feel valued by a community that believes science can teach us nothing, I didn't feel valued when I was around people who valued emotions over logic. I'm not really sure where you think you are in conflict with what I said. Emotional people can have high value, and you are missing out if you avoid them completely. I earn about 300% more when I let a recruiter get me a gig than when I contract myself out. All I'm saying is that when I feel like 'everyone' doesn't value rational thought and logic as much as they value some emotional quality I don't understand, yes, I don't feel valued. I have seen programmers in environments like that quit and dedicate their lives to creating mediocre music. (Not that musicians aren't valuable... but I have seen some really awesome world-class programmers go on to be mediocre musicians, which just seems like a waste.) "I don't know everything" and "I might be wrong" are core to creating a useful rational model from incomplete data. I think that surrounding myself with people who are more rational and/or more intelligent than I am helps to develop that humility. Spending my days amongst managers does the opposite. for something big that lasts a while, it almost always makes sense to optimize. the problem is that usually when you write something, you don't know if it will get big. You might write five or ten webapps that go nowhere before you get a hit. The optimal strategy, I think, is to throw hardware at it in the prototype stage, and then, if the program becomes popular, efficiently rewrite the slow parts as you grow. I dono... do you think you can compete better by marshaling lawyers? or by implementing a product better and sooner? How much of an opportunity cost does that money represent? (I mean, do you need that funding to run?) The big thing I see is that it takes money to be a patent troll. I guess if the patent is really strong, you might be able to get your lawyers to work for a cut of the proceeds (maybe ask your lawyer?) but that sounds unlikely to me, not that I know anything about patent trolling. if your resources are like mine, I'd not worry about the patent, and I'd focus on making something that is worth copying. But yeah. I'd argue that patent trolling is a lot like starting fist fights- don't start if you can't win. If you loose, you get nothing. You just get a black eye and look like an asshole. On the other hand, if you build a product and then get crushed by copycat competition with better resources, eh, you still learned something, and you still look good. You created something that was worth copying. At the very least it helps you get your next job. But then, Maybe you have access to cheap lawyer time like I have access to cheap SysAdmin time. that'd change the equation. no idea. I only take paypal, 'cause I don't want to take the time to harden my billing system to the point where I'd trust it with other people's credit cards. Some people complain about high fees and chargebacks, but I've had a merchant account before, and they have the same problems. yeah, that's the idea. those sorts of people tend to think that any traffic originating outside of the US or EU or JP is fraudulent or criminal in nature. That hasn't been my experience... I've personally had more trouble with USian spammers who claim the user signed up... and the user disagrees. (I've largely solved the problem by prohibiting bulk mail from my service entirely) I've had plenty of customers who were intelligent, legitimate and profitable who came from outside of the 'first world' This, I think, is the key distinction. Running a business is a whole lot of work, and much of that work does not make your guy a better software developer. Running a side business is probably going to diminish a programmers productivity. Writing an application (and ignoring the business and customer service side of things) likely will make your programmer more productive, 'cause he learns all this new stuff. The employee running his own business is going to be somewhat distracted, just like an employee with a family or kids. It's something else that is more important than his job. The thing is, an employees interests don't exactly align with the business owners interests. As a business owner, almost everything I do is focused on growing that business. The closest you can come to that in an employee, really, is a single person who is really into programming. these people will have hobby projects, but that's ok, especially if they can be things kindof related to technologies your business uses. Like the SysAdmin who writes apache modules. That said, you don't always just fire people when they get married. the question, simply, is 'Is the employee, with all his or her distractions, still worth his or her salary?' - Most of us are unwilling to remain single and completely dedicated to our jobs for our whole life. Right now, for instance, if you want to hire me, you have to put up with my business being my primary focus, otherwise I won't work for you. (but then I'm a contractor, so that's not unexpected.) And just imagine the outcry if you acted against people who valued their family over your business. If you are self-funded, or can self-fund, accelerate. I personally see this as my only chance. Nothing has changed for me, in terms of revenue. I still have more consulting work than I can handle, at ridiculous rates. What is different now is that none of my competitors can get loans or venture capital, and I can hire really good people for quite a lot less than usual. Marketing, too, seems easier than usual. Consumers care about price now, which unlike the intangibles people usually compete on, is an area where I can compete. but then, I don't have kids. well, I think this makes sense for interviews; Of course, you should have the person come in and interact before finalizing it, but I think that for most technical positions, you will get a better candidate if you judge them based on how they answer questions, not on how well they interview (which is largely a test of 'charisma under pressure') I personally try to do this because I find it easier to overcome my own biases and make a rational decision this way. Discrimination based on writing style (and correctness) will continue, and personally, I think that's fine. I think it's rational to weight a good writer over someone who can barely communicate in text. If you are a business that operates mostly on voice communication, well, you are going to be a more homogeneous organization. Most people feel about accents the way I feel about poor writing skills. The problem is that many good people are just as confident and stubborn about subjects they know nothing of as about subjects they know a lot about. Sure, having a company full of people who know themselves is the best answer, but that's hard. your field is much wider if you can deal with arrogance. I have had the problem of good technical people asking me to rewrite my business plan. One way of dealing with that kind of arrogance is to have upper management that lets each person make the decisions they know the most about. It requires good management, but it means that you can hire people who do not modify their confidence level based on their experience. on either coast, sure, but in the rest of the country, $80K is pretty good. if you are willing to pay per month, there is a lot of competition in that arena. I'm one of the cheaper offerings... see http://prgmr.com/xen/ but then, I don't have the cool provisioning system ec2 has. In fact, I need to finish up my next server before putting people on it. But yes, competition will force ec2 prices down. 4gb dual-rank registered ecc ddr2 is almost cheap enough for me to move to 64GB servers (meaning I'll be able to lower prices again.) - how much cheaper would I need to be before a service like mine became compelling vs. ec2? hey, so I'd be happy to donate 16GB worth of Xen instances to the project,just to say I did, if you need mirrors. my boxes are 32GB ram/8 core, and the CPU is proportional, so if you want 4x4GB instances over separate servers, I can do that. (well, you will have to wait a bit for me to put up the 4th server.) thanks for the feedback! I'm looking at eucalyptus for provisioning. I want something standard. the optimal situation is one where you can easily move from me to another provider and back. the idea is that you'd run your backup images on ec2, but mostly run through prgmr (or whoever is cheapest at the time) for your day to day needs. You'd have the instant provisioning if you need to expand right away or if the guy running the cheap provider gets hit by a bus, but you'd be able to save money running with the cheap provider most of the time Automatic provisioning would also allow me to drop the price on my smaller images. (right now I charge you $4 per account, plus $1 for every 64Mb ram you want every month.) I give you console access, and access to PVGRUB, so you can change your kernel, or boot into a read-only rescue image I provide if you mess up your own image beyond recoverability. Any easier interfaces will be built using whatever provisioning API I end up with (like I said, right now I'm looking at Eucalyptus, but I haven't implemented anything yet) the idea is that if you have managed servers before, the concept of a remote rebooter, a serial console, and a read only rescue image (a cdrom in the drive) will be familiar to you. I don't think I want to get rid of the cheap plans. I meet lots of interesting people that way. I've hired a few of them, with good results. But on the other hand, I think my larger plans are a much better deal. Personally, I agree with you on the 64MiB plans, I'd rather pay the extra dollar to double my ram, but some other people disagree. I sell more 64Mb plans than 128Mb plans. (though, like I said, the 256Mb plan is the most popular.) I've got some people running NetBSD (which runs fine in 64M, if you aren't doing much) and others who upload custom linux distros, replacing sshd with dropbear. But then, I know at least one customer who lives (in China) on what amounts to about USD$200/month, so I imagine he cares a lot more about that one dollar than you or I do. I like the sort of people you meet running these low-cost services (the big problem is making it unfriendly to spammers and other scum. I run snort on my outgoing traffic, proactively monitoring for abuse, which helps.) and I think the contacts you make on the low end (because even us wealthy bay area nerds can be pretty cheap sometimes.) often help with the high-end stuff, too. It certainly has allowed me to up my consulting rates, and it has gotten me a book deal. http://nostarch.com/xen.htm (Yes, I got someone who went to college to help. Also, most of it I wrote when I was not this tired.) I compete on price because I don't have sales skills. I understand I need to make my website look better (and start buying hardware ahead of time) but I will always be at a disadvantage there. From my point of view, selling 10x as many images at 1/2 the cost (which seems to be about what happened last time I lowered my prices) seems like a damn good deal. I don't have to deal with salespeople or even focus on sales skills. I focus on building out new hardware and keeping my system reliable, and people keep coming. with the price of dual-rank 4GB registered ecc ddr2 modules coming down, I will soon be able to move to 64MB ram per server rather than my current 32GB ram. (to give you an idea, right now each 32GB ram/ 8 core box sets me back around $2K, including disk.) I've been doing this since '05... well, I was jerking around with FreeBSD jails before that, but I moved to Xen (Xen 2.0 on NetBSD) in December of '05. when ec2 came out, they were cheaper than I was. It looked like the end, and I even warned my customers and quit. (I kindof screwed myself there.) But it became clear that ec2 had no intention of lowering prices. With my next server, I will experiment with providing more disk space (via NFS or ISCSI from an OpenSolaris storage unit.) but yeah, this is all home built. Dell? why would i pay extra for a box with only 8 ram slots? There's almost always enough spare parts for another server in the garage. My new workstation (the parts are in the mail) will also use the same hardware, so that's something else I could pull from. But since I switched to new hardware (sometime in '07) the only hardware failure I've had was a disk (and that was half of a mirrored pair, so I was able to replace it at my leisure.) It's all standard stuff, though, so if worst came to worst, I could always run down to fry's and get the parts I need. (not that I regularly buy anything but retail-packaged hard drives from Fry's, for quality and price reasons. But if someone was down, I could do it.) Really, assembling computers is easier than jerking around with the salesguy long enough to get the 'real price' at least for me, and I'm something of a paranoid asshole when it comes to ESD (you see, for quite some time now I have been the guy who gets woken up in the middle of the night when a server mysteriously reboots. It doesn't take many of those before you are willing to perform any ritual that might make your server even slightly more reliable.) Now, I do have a lot of good price competition in the below-512MiB size range... but it seems that few competitors discount the higher ram amounts. I wonder if it is because they are using Dell or other hardware that only has 8 ram slots, requiring the more expensive 4GB modules? or if it's just 'If you need eight gigabytes, you can afford to pay through the nose' ? the 25% more ram a year idea is a good one. Right now, for people willing to pre-pay, I offer discounts that amount to almost that much. pay for a year and get 20% off. (10% for 6 months, etc...) Also, when I lower prices on a plan, I lower prices for all my existing customers. It is important, I think, if you want easy to manage customers, to treat your non-complainers as well as your complainers. If your competitors lower prices, and you lower prices for new customers, well, existing customers will leave if you don't also lower prices for them. on time, yeah, I'm undervaluing my time some. But one of my skills is that I'm good at picking good people. I've been able to consistently get really good helpers for around $15/hr. Sometimes customers, sometimes friends, always people who either have little paid experience (I will take someone with no paid experience and lots of hobby experience over the other way around any day) or someone who has been underemployed for a while. (a few years after the .com crash I met a sysadmin who worked with me during the bubble years making sandwiches, and hired him for about a year before he got a real job) so if I can get $50-70/hr people (judging from what they get hired away from me for) for $15/hr, I can afford to undervalue time a bit. Key here is automating abuse, though. I will write more about the snort bits. my capital right now comes from my consulting gig... if you can spell Linux, you get huge amounts of money for sitting in an overpriced chair in the bay area, and between interviewing well, and having some impressive experience, it will be a while before the hosting revenue passes the contracting revenue. (the real problem here is burn-out, which needs to be carefully managed. But right now, good cheap people are easy to find, so it makes sense for me to work for the client and then hire several other people to work on what I care about.) I'm running 3.3.1 on all new servers. 3.1/3.0.3 (CentOS 5.2) on the old servers. I need to update the kernel compatability. I agree that auto-provisioning is going to be really important. right now, people usually wait a good 12 hours. my current plan is to set it up so that from the PVGRUB menu you can choose the net-install kernels of several different distros. that way, you set it up how you want. (of course, I'll need to setup local mirrors for all of them.) right now it's $0.10/gb. (hopefully I'll lower that when I get to my new location later this month. My goal is to keep everything below half what ec2 charges.) - Nick finished up the new server and put ordering on last night, it's got 30GB still free. there are parts for two more 32GB servers in the UPS system as we speak, so hopefully there won't be a gap between when this one fills up and when I get the next one installed. the key to cheap ram servers is twofold. 1. get motherboards with 16 ram slots. this is changing, but 4gb modules are still more expensive than 2gb modules. 2. get motherboards that support registered ecc ddr2 (not FBDIMM- they take a whole lot of power) I use the low-power quad-core opterons. then don't go crazy on the CPU. (most of mine are 1.9Ghz bartons. if you go that route, make sure you don't get a broken stepping. one of the new servers will be a 2.1Ghz low-power shanghai that just came out. they are cheap! Shanghais look really good.) heh. IOdrive. Like striping 3 intel X25-X SSDs, only more expensive. how much are you willing to work for? what skills do you have? what hobby cs projects have you done? (when I hire, that's what I look at. If you don't have hobby experience, you are probably a 'just a job' type, and you are at a serious disadvantage competing with someone who is actually interested in the technology. I can give you production experience. I can't make you think it is interesting.) If you don't need money, your options are wide open. you can do a starup with $0, if your living expenses are taken care of. Try to create something that is more valuable than your competition. Either go cheaper (difficult, in the shared hosting biz.) or provide some service above and beyond your competitors (I know of many successful hosting companies that targeted a certain kind of customer, for example, real-estate agents during the boom, and basically sold nice templates for their niche.) Another thing I notice is that if you post good technical info about what you are doing, you get good links (and thus pagerank.) You need documentation anyhow, so cleaning it up and posting it online is like free advertising. But what do I know. it's not like my hosting company is wildly successful, and I had what was once a unique product, Xen VPS hosting (I started before ec2, using Xen2 on NetBSD. Of course, I now have a whole lot of competition, and I don't have the cool provisioning systems they do.) and I still have a almost 2x price advantage over my nearest competitor. My biggest problem is credibility. I need to dedicate a weekend to web design, as my current website is inconsistent and out of date. (I have some technical issues, too... but after last weekend, I've cleaned most of those up. I will be writing up a thing on puppet this coming weekend. So embarrassing. I was aware of the problem, and policy was to fix it on all new servers, I just forgot to edit the config files in question. Yeah. moving to puppet.) Still, my company is growing about as fast as I can get new infrastructure up (which isn't as fast as you'd think. I've got two other essentially full-time jobs.) your provider (or your network guy, possibly you) needs to blackhole the source of these attacks (preferably notifying the ISPs in question.) most of the better co-location providers will give you a way to blackhole traffic from certain IPs. Really, you should be able to do that from your OpenBSD firewalls without help from anyone else, assuming the problem is too many syn packets rather than too much traffic. dropping all packets from a particular source IP is not expensive, even when you multiply that by a large number of source IPs. I'd extend that warning... watch out for any company, even if it's large and reputable and the salesmen have nice suits, that promises to solve your DoS problem by selling you an expensive firewall. If your traffic is below 100Mbps, there's nothing the fancy box can do that your OpenBSD box can't. (this changes as your traffic climbs significantly above 100Mbps, but most of us little guys are below that line.) depends on how smart your attacker is. the source IPs must not respond or the attack won't work, so potentially you could block enough bogons. Also the first syn flood attacks came from a fixed source IP. You have OpenBSD firewalls... have you checked out OpenBSD SynProxy? I haven't used it, but it was designed for just your case. http://www.openbsd.org/faq/pf/filter.html#synproxy the response to my post was saying I was wrong (and is right in saying I was wrong) because the attacker is spoofing the source address. This makes it a harder problem to solve than zombied PCs (the case of zombied PCs sending unwanted traffic can be blocked by a firewall or other means, you just need an automated method of identifying the boxes you want to block.) hm. you are in for an uphill battle. it's hard to identify good people with skillset X unless you also have skillset X. That's the challenge if you have money. the problem is that you don't have money. You have to convince a hacker that your skills are worth something (and often hackers have the same problem picking business guys as business guys have picking hackers.) Think of it as your first sale, perhaps? I might be interested in a trade. lsc@prgmr.com. My experience is in SysAdmin/Networking, but if you do want a youtube-alike, you are going to need a lot of bandwidth, and I have that. You say you have an 'image' do you mean a .jpg? or do you mean html/css? It's called BCP38 and decent ISPs and competent network admins do it. I do it on the port level for all my IPv4 addresses (that is, all packets leaving a xen vps of mine are dropped unless they come from the address I assigned them.) and I will do it for IPv6 when I build out the routing infrastructure for my new location. It's really pretty easy to do... especially just edge level like you are talking about. The problem is that it costs me some time/money (even if it's only a little) to do it, and it mostly benefits other people. So some ISPs still don't do it. http://www.faqs.org/rfcs/bcp/bcp38.html but it's really easy. on my router I look at all outgoing packets, and I ask "Does this IP have a source address that is reasonable? (one of my IPs, or an IP of someone for whom I am carrying traffic.)" If my router sees a outgoing packet with a source address not associated with me, it's obviously spoofed, so it drops the packet. If everyone did this, spoofing would only be possible within your own network. Every time an ISP does this, the world becomes a little better for all of us. But spoofing will still be a problem until all ISPs do this, and that probably won't happen for a while. (you also do this to incoming packets, if it is an incoming packet coming in from the internet and it has a source of one of my IP addresses, something has obviously gone horribly wrong. drop the packet. but this only protects you from the most obvious spoofs. It is very important if you do IP based security.) this guy is suggesting that the mailman check the return address when he picks up the mail. It's actually a good idea (and fairly common amongst competent ISPs.) the wikipedia explains it well, I think: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ingress_filtering html/css is a skill in and of itself. If you can write good, clean html/css, writing a few perl script to substitute out stuff becomes much easier. I'm not sure it's too extreme. take it to NANOG. We'd need the support of big players, much more than one-and-a-half rack operations like me. (though bcp38 compliance is much more common amongst the big players. Heck, the provider I'm moving away from doesn't do it, something I didn't know before I signed a contract. For that matter, I only do it on outgoing IPv4. I don't do it on incoming packets or IPv6. This will be corrected in the network upgrade that is in progress now, but still.) The big problem with your proposal is verification. It seems... difficult to verify that another network properly implemented BCP38 without actually putting a probe on that network. openbsd has synproxy http://www.openbsd.org/faq/pf/filter.html#synproxy and urpf http://www.openbsd.org/faq/pf/filter.html#urpf which sounds a lot like the features you describe. From my experience at ISPs they tend to be very cost conscious, and far more likely to use a NIX box to do this sort of thing. ISPs are generally competing in a comparatively low-margin market. Usually it's the large corporations with less NIX knowledge (and someone else's money to spend) where I see the really high end firewall/proxy/load balancer gear. If an attacker can not change it's IP, it is easy for the person under attack to automate the identification of an attacker. In the case of a syn flood (that is, if the attacker is sending an amount of traffic that overloads your box or application rather than your network) it's simple enough to automatically block attacking IPs. The reason why this doesn't work now is that the attackers are usually spoofing the source. it's easy to track down an attacker if they do not spoof their IP, at least to track it to the network it came from. Its something the victim can do. tracking down the network a spoofed packet came from can be quite a bit more difficult; If you have access to all your routers, you can track it to the peer or upstream the traffic is coming from, but it might be a peer of a peer of a peer (or a customer of a customer of an upstream of an upstream) requiring quite a lot of cooperation to track down. now, this is an interesting part of allowing edits. I could have changed my post entirely to make it look like I was right all along and the guy below was just ranting. It seems like the 'edit' button needs to have a wikipedia like 'view changes' mode so people can see how your position changed, or maybe the 'edit' mode should be disabled after someone responds to your comment, to preserve the flow of conversation. ah. sorry. I was under the impression that this was a sub 100Mbps attack. what do you think of http://eucalyptus.cs.ucsb.edu/ ? It's pretty much just a clone of EC2... but it's open, so just about any VPS provider (such as myself) could provide almost ec2 compatible services. I wonder if something 'thinner' would be better, though? something that required less cooperation from the hosting providers? hm. Do you have other suggestions? I do need to implement something, my current situation is clearly untenable (currently, my provisioning system is a guy named Nick.) and yeah, I don't particularly like EC2's abstractions, but they are a standard that many people know. (and I certainly would like a situation where it's easy for EC2 users to switch between EC2 and myself. As I'm much cheaper, I believe that would be a big win for me. I was here before EC2.) But yeah, I certainly am interested in other ideas. what I'm not interested in is coming up with and marking my own API/abstraction layer. Even if I released all the docs, it would be de-facto proprietary. I want to use something that other people use. I want something thought out by people smarter than I am. I'd really like something that my customers alrealdy know how to use. (That's what attracts me to Eucalyptus. EC2 has a rather large customer base, some of whom are price sensitive, and thus who may wish to become my customers.) I thought that was exactly what 'Manifesto' meant. Either way, they are using marketing speak, but for something targeted at management, I think it does say the right things. that sounds good... Unfortunately, it looks like they have no code to implement. not even done with the spec. hm. thanks. that looks pretty darn nice. the problem with benching a VPS is that your score depends a whole lot on what your neighbors are doing. For a fair test, you want to re-run the test a number of times over a period of days. you probably also don't want to run a DB on non-raid disk. I believe the ec2 instances have non-mirrored disk, I mean, if you are not using ebs. (if you don't care about the data, use something with more ram, and mount the disk async. Ram is going to be faster than disk, always.) I'm just pointing out that you don't want to run your db on non-redundant disk. Really, I think in-ram, redundant databases like MySQL cluster are more suited to the 'cloud' - especially as you can get cheap ram. Just looking at the bonnie results, ebs wasn't that far off everything else in terms of sequential access. there is a lot of defense work in the bay area. I know several smart people who could do my job working for defense companies. But I make more money than most of them. Like most jobs, there is always a tradeoff between stability and money. books targeted at useless middle managers are useless. news at 11. heh. Emotional intelligence: something liberal arts people made up so they don't feel quite so bad about being kindof dumb. on confidence: it's more than a front, it is real, but it very dangerous and must be controlled. If you are not wildly optimistic, you probably won't start your own company. However, if you don't learn to control that wild, I-can-do-anything, to temper it with self-doubt, you will fail quickly and spectacularly. Even socially, confidence is very good in some situations, bad in others. I find that it is best to project a confidence level that is inversely proportional to the technical skill of your audience. I think the installed userbase will be slow to move. In fact, this might strengthen Mysql's position amongst the larger, less technical users, however, I find it quite likely that we may see more activity either in the MySQL forks drizzle or maria, or in PostgreSQL, which may lead to MySQL eventually losing its lead. yes. this is the way of the future... (I mean, APIs that make it easy to move from one provider to another.) without that, well, the 'cloud' will quickly become uncompetitive with dedicated servers. Lock-in is bad for customers; long-term, lock-in can kill industries. huh. so how many people just start out with the actual price, rather than fucking around? if I may defend myself, I find price is often a poor indicator of quality. (not to say prgmr.com is high-end; our interface does, well, kindof suck. ) I've offered jails in the past (2004-2005) and currently offer Xen VPSs. Yes, Jails make more efficient use of ram and other hardware; however, Xen makes more efficient use of SysAdmin time. Now, the FreeBSD jail functionality is getting better all the time, and it's much better now than it was, but it just doesn't provide the same level of resource isolation that Xen provides. On xen, I don't have to worry about runaway user processes. Xen deals with the problem for me. this was not the case with Jails. So yeah. I like Jails for cooperative environments, but there is a reason why I'm selling Xen VPSs now, not FreeBSD jails, and it's not 'cause I like linux more than FreeBSD. I use http auth apache has modules to hook it up to just about any backend; it's supported by all browsers, and it's easy to automate against. I would be interested in knowing why more people don't use it. how come you don't use http digest? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digest_access_authentication it is significantly more secure without https sure sounds like you've re-implemented http digest authentication. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digest_access_authentication Speaking of the audit problem, do you have a link? is this just for http basic? or is this the case for http digest as well? what about negotiateAuth with mod_auth_kerberos or the like? is this only because of the logout problem? or because of the problems with basic auth? hm. I know you can logout by going to https://username:boguspassword@thesiteyouarelogingoutfrom.co... but that will ask you to re-input your password, usually, making it unsuitable for a 'logout' button usually, I think. I wonder if there is a js workaround for that. ah. well, I obviously have a very poor sense of aesthetics (look at my webpage- it would have been ugly in 1995) but thanks, that answers my question. (my question is "why don't people use http auth anymore?) I really like http auth because it's a system level solution, and I'm the computer janitor; I know where the problems with http auth are without wondering if the dev who wrote the webapp made a mistake or not. do you think a hashed password is going to last long against an attacker? considering how cheap computing resources are (and the common use of botnets, and the fact that most passwords are dictionary words) I treat password hashes as if they were cleartext passwords. But I suppose that if you are using https, you get most of the advantages of digest anyhow. hm? I'm trying to say that once you have the hash, you can run a dictionary attack against it without any advances in anything. I can use whatever procedure the server uses to verify logins, and just try passwords. You can make the dictionary attack more expensive by using an expensive hash like bcrypt, but that's going to slow down your app, too. (http auth re-authenticates every page load.) so really, you can't make your hash calculation any slower than, say, 50ms without users complaining. Lets say you can crack the average user account with 40,000 hits from a dictionary attack (I imagine most passwords fall much faster) if each lookup takes 50ms, 20 lookups a second, it'll take around 30 minutes of cpu time to crack each password. assuming a reasonable-sized botnet, that's not much. hmm? http basic auth checks your password on every request. you can do auth other ways, (but you need to be very careful.) but that's how http basic auth works. the attacker can check one word from her dictionary in the same amount of time it takes you to authenticate one user for one page. if you make that check take longer than 50ms, it will start slowing down your webapp. at 50ms, an attacker can check 40,000 words in around half an hour. you can double that to 100ms, but at that point you are starting to slow down page loads, and it's still only taking the attacker an hour to run through that dictionary. the bigger point is that there is a limit to how slow you can make the password checking process. Ok, so let us assume you securely authenticate once per session. How long can that authentication take? I suppose you can put up a little clock... make it take a second and we are talking 11 hours per password, which is starting to get significant... but my point is that the small search space provided by user chosen passwords means that if you make the hash function slow enough to stop an attacker, you are moving into time spaces that users will notice. if passwords are randomly generated, I agree with you completely, and everything I've said is crazy talk. But most passwords are not randomly generated. Most passwords are dictionary words, or two dictionary words. You don't need to search the hash space; you only need to search the password space, and if everyone uses the name of their dog, well, that's not a very large space. http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2006/12/realworld_pass... adding two dictionary words and a number, yeah, that helps a lot. looks like you are right, and that if your users use 2 words and a number, and you use a hash that takes 50ms to calculate, you are probably OK. but my point is that passwords are a lot less secure than they sound if you just add up the characters. And most hash functions take a whole lot less than 50ms of cpu time to calculate. Bcrypt does look pretty cool in it's ability to slow down brute force attacks. It does still require a minimum amount of entropy in the user passwords, though. Speaking as both a provider and someone who has managed many servers for other people, I would argue that you are best off if you base your system on something that is commodity... that is, don't buy something from someone else unless you can get the same product from two vendors. Locking yourself in to one vendor is nearly always a bad idea. That said, Personally, I would suggest you go for what you call an 'infrastructure platform' - if you are just renting [virtual] linux boxes, you can rent those from many providers. Once you start needing a larger box, buying your own hardware will save you a whole lot of money over something like ec2. (though, ec2 is pretty nice for scaling quickly) When just starting out, well, personally I'd suggest a small VPS, though I have something of a vested interest in the matter. I've heard nothing but good things about Linode, and their prices appear reasonable. If you are willing to accept something that has a much more 'raw' interface, you can check out my offerings, see the link in my profile. My prices are But either way... the important part is to avoid that lock-in. Companies change. Sometimes a company that was previously reliable makes some bad decisions and becomes unreliable. Other times, like in the case of EC2, some companies start with really good prices, but fail to lower them as the price of infrastructure falls. have you looked at the ndb backend for MySQL cluster? it seems like it would do what you need (that is, you can add nodes, in pairs to scale, and it can handle single-node failures) another option, I guess, is to get a large dedicated server elsewhere, and use that as the db server; of course, you have latency issues then. MySQL is free. Last time I used the NDB cluster was probably more than 3 years ago, when MySQL 5 was in beta. At that time, it was a pure in-memory database- the idea is that you had to have at least twice as much ram as data, and you would add nodes in pairs. all data would be mirrored on at least two nodes, and you could add more nodes to get more data. From what I understand, MySQL cluster now lets you keep some data on disk. Also consider, just from a cost perspective, anything that you leave on all the time that can use more than 8-16GB ram? you are much better buying and co-locating your hardware. (And this is coming from a guy who rents VPSs. they are a great deal if you need something small or temporary; but EC2 prices are pretty close to 2005 levels; hardware has gotten a lot cheaper since then.) speaking as someone who hasn't seen the correct side of a 70 hour work week in quite some time, I strongly disagree. Burn out is real; I'm working 40 hour weeks as a contractor, then I come home and try to finish my book or manage my business. What has kept me going so far is that I can hire 2 guys who are smarter than I am and buy all the servers I want for what I'm getting in those 40 hours. But my god I'm ineffective. I bet I'd get more real work done if I worked 10 hours a week. Maybe read some books or something. Do you know how long it's been since I've read a book for fun? Sure, 'passion' can carry you for a few months. but 70 hour work weeks are just unsustainable, and many of the really good people I know really do have about 4 good hours of work in them a day. where I stand, the best price per gigabyte of ram is obtained on dual-socket (8 core) opterons with 32GB ram (16x2gb modules). Right now, ram is my big bottleneck. most single-socket systems only let you install 8GB ram (4x2gb modules) so I've got to buy twice as many single socket boards to get the same amount of ram. It's ok, I guess if you need more cpu than ram. The other problem is that you usually have to go to a server-class board to get low-power CPUs. I know of no desktop CPU that can compete with the Xeon L series or the Opteron HE series. (Sure, there are low-power desktop CPUs, but none of them have the performance of the Xeon L or opteron HE. If you know of a quad-core desktop CPU that eats less than 75w I'd be happy to hear about it.) I'm sure google pays less per watt than I do, but still, if you plan on keeping hardware around for two years, the ongoing cost per watt makes a big difference. Low power CPUs save serious money, even if they cost more up front. Opteron HE bartons are ridiculously cheap right now. 1.8Ghz quad-core HE processors are around $100 on newegg right now. (2.1Ghz quad-core shanghi opteron HE cpus that you might actually want to use are closer to $300. Still cheap.) Also, while I agree that you should prepare for any bit of hardware dying at any time, I think technologies like ECC in ram are important so that you notice when your hardware dies. I don't mind a box that is dead. I replace it. It happens. What bothers me is a box that is kindof acting funny. You know, when you can't tell if it is the software or hardware. Sure, you can do some of that at the application level with checksums, but it's difficult to do it at the OS level. get a real job. Seriously. I hated school as well. I got a gig first working at a mom and pop computer repair place, and then as the windows/netware monkey at the county offices. At both jobs I worked with people old enough to be my parents or grandparents, but it really made me feel... human. they appreciated me and treated me like a real person. They treated me as an adult, really; it made sense, I was doing a job normally done by an adult (even if they were paying me minimum wage) Add to that, if you don't have an education, you need work experience. I got out of highschool in '97 or so... and jumped in to a .com job. It would have been harder without the industry experience. I survived the crash, and make pretty good money as a *NIX SysAdmin now. but I think getting a job that counts (even if it's supporting windows boxes in an office, it's still industry experience.) is very important. The social aspects are probably as important as anything else. just being treated like a human being is a wonderful (and shocking) experience for a high school student. If I had to do it again, I would have fought my parents harder. I tested out of highschool in my junior year (the test is extremely simple.) but my parents wouldn't let me quit because they didn't think I would go to college and they wanted me to have a highschool degree and not an equivalency. That was, of course, such bullshit. most of my co workers have a bs or ms. I leave my education off my resume. Nobody asks to see my high school diploma. (sure, some jobs would be easier to get with a college degree, but really, most of them accept experience instead. Nobody cares about what you did in highschool.) I always prioritize existing customers over new customers. Unless your lock-in is very strong, and your marketing is stronger than word-of-mouth, it's the only way. huh. at my VPS hosting business, I have a lot of customers from China, several of whom run VPN tunnels out through me. Now, I'm in the US, so I imagine you'd get better results with a server in Europe or Japan or somewhere else nearby, but I guess many of these people think saving a few bucks is worth the latency. Now, if you have a good connection, you are probably only talking 400ms latency, which is bad but not unusable for ssh work. If the connection is lossy or gets disconnected, you will find the 'screen' utility to be useful. All I'm saying is tunneling through a well-connected server or vps that you control may be better than tunneling through free services. when you get much above 2gb, you should seriously start thinking about hardware. Especially at current market prices for a VPS, it's often cheaper to buy and host your own hardware once you get above the 2gb-4gb range. A core2duo 1u with 8GB ram? around $500-$600 for the hardware. Hosting for said 1u? as low as $50/month. yes. Shared hosting instead of a VPS will save you quite a lot of money, if you can do what you need to do on shared hosting. Heck, I'm one of the cheapest VPS providers around and even I can't compete with a shared hosting setup. so normally, when you are connected to your remote host, and you are in vi or something, if you get disconnected it kills your vi, right? pain in the ass. If you connect to your remote server, then run screen, then run vi from within screen, if you get disconnected, vi is still running. re-connect to your server, type screen -x and you are back exactly where you were. really? see, I think having your DNS hosted separately from your other stuff is _essential_ - so long as you control your dns and you have good backups, you can always migrate to a new provider. I think he misses the point. $12K is chump change. less than a month of contracting, at bay area sysadmin rates. The reason to do a ycombinator startup is the contacts. If pg was willing to trade me access to his contacts for 6% of my hosting company without requiring me to go into the 'sell to investors' rather than 'sell to consumers' market, I'd jump in an instant. (I've personally invested quite a bit more than $12K so far) I think the value of contacts and credibility should not be underestimated. On both ends, really. You have to trust your investors as much as they have to trust you, especially if you don't retain 51%. YC has a lot more credibility than most other entities when it comes to choosing the right startup or the right investor. I would be significantly more likely to accept an investor who was introduced to me by pg. compound interest on knowledge. heh. I like it. it seems like it would especially apply when you were using a new technology; something for which you couldn't just pay money to get people with more experience. so are network effects a little like compound interest on marketing? I agree about the disk access. Disk is by far the weakest part of my system. I do provide you mirrored disk, putting me ahead of the low-end ec2 stuff, but you are sharing that mirror with a lot of people. Fortunately, more ram can usually make up for slow disk. I am working on a zfs based network storage system that just might solve the problem and then some, but it's not anywhere near ready yet. heh. I've been selling Xen VPSs since 2005, and I sold FreeBSD jail based VPSs for a while before that. you can call me small, understaffed and cheap, but I've been in the market for longer than many of my competitors. you have a good point about provisioning. my automation needs a lot of work, and that's a big weakness for me right now. I'm working on it, but I'm not anywhere near done. If you are built in to 'the cloud' and provision more nodes in the day than at night, yeah, my competitors are probably better for you. But if you leave your server on all the time, then I think I do offer some significant value. I am much smaller than linode or slicehost... It's two SysAdmins, with some support from others. I have been around for a while, though. I've been selling VPSs with xen since 2005. our old location is in he.net Fremont, our new location is in svitx in san jose. I'm looking at a rack in market post tower, but I'm told they've had power problems lately, while svtix has been pretty solid. this is correct for all new customers. I have a really old location at herculies data in sacramento, and another old location at he.net in Fremont. right now, my system is not designed to be easy for people who don't have *NIX experience. (I do have some neat features for those who do, like pvgrub and console access) I'm working on it, but yeah, if you need a easy control panel to quickly re-image your system or things like that, I don't yet have those things, and yeah, for some people, getting those things is unquestionably worth the price difference between my competitors and I. But for people who do have more UNIX/Linux experience, I think my system has some advantages that I will be careful to keep as I try to make easier interfaces. I give you a rescue disk that lets you boot your vps even if you break your boot config. I give you a ssh public-key based out of band console and rebooter. I let you run whatever kernel you want (I have a few customers running NetBSD, and I have some experimental OpenSolaris domains) that page was last updated in 2007. granted, we still have problems, but we are much better than we were. http://wiki.xen.prgmr.com/xenophilia/ is our current blog and the place we report mistakes and outages. contention is... more complex than that. are you dedicating a core to the dom0? (it helps network performance rather a lot) the fewer VCPUs you have per DomU, the more DomUs can run at once. (on an 8 core box, with one cpu pinned to the dom0, I can run 7 1vcpu DomUs and one dom0 (for network/disk io) at one time. Alternately, I can run 1 4vcpu DomU and one Dom0) On the other hand, if nobody else is trying to do anything, the box with 4 VCPUs has 4 times the resources that the box with 1VCPUs has. really? i think with today's hardware/bandwidth prices, it's perfectly reasonable to setup a fairly busy site and not worry about revenue at all. If it only sets you back a few dollars a month, it might make sense for you to build something popular for the experience and the social capital. Yeah. Ram, disk and CPU are cheap. Now, dealing with abuse, etc... is expensive, but most of the per-customer costs are the same no matter how much ram they order, so I think it makes sense to drop the cost per gigabyte as you order more ram. the formula I use to calculate the 1 month pricing is this: $1 for every 64M ram plus $4 per account. I think it works out reasonable; I was figuring $512/month for each 32GB / 8 core hardware, which is maybe a little high, but it is within reason. I agree that for some people, linode and slicehost are a better value. (btw, I've heard nothing but good things about either one, I mean, aside from the pricing. Both, as far as I can tell, provide excellent service, and both are easier to use for non-sysadmins than I am.) My core audience is SysAdmins who need off-site servers and hobbyists, and I think I serve those markets better than my competitors. I am trying to build systems that will allow me to better serve people who are not as familiar with Linux (or bsd) The website still needs a lot of work. But that is consistent with my goal of serving existing customers before new customers, if there is not enough time to do both. If you like OpenVZ, I would recommend http://www.johncompanies.com/ Keeping an OpenVZ VPS running smoothly requires a lot more SysAdmin attention than keeping a Xen VPS running smoothly. The Johncompanies people, last time I tried them, were excellent. I'm working on it. I'm trying to talk the cloudkick people into helping me out; they look like they have an awesome system. I think something that is more simple than the ec2 api and the sun api will win. Yeah, I think cloudkick has some good ideas. I think comparing me to slicehost or linode is completely fair... they are my direct competition. I think ec2 is in a different market. there is some overlap, but really if you want to leave your instance on all the time, a vps such as I sell (or linode or slicehost) is vastly superior to the instance with unmirrored disk ec2 provides you. the opposite is true as well; if you need instant provisioning... if you need 50 servers during the day and 20 at night, I simply can't do that for you. (I hope to be able to at some point, but I can't yet.) Ec2 has been doing that for some time, and I think slicehost and linode both have similar functionality. If you need more than 4gb ram, buying your own server is usually a better deal than anything else. parts for a core2quad with 8gb unbuffered ecc and 2 hard drives usually set me back around $700-$800. 1u co-lo runs from $50-$100 a month. I am planning on spreading even more. I'd like a rack in the UK or eastern europe. I do plan on getting rid of some of my current locations once I move the customers, though. but it would be nice to offer some low-latency options to our friends on the other side of the globe. My next rack will probably be around here, though. Some place that I can get a cheap dark-fiber connection to from svtix, or maybe even within svtix, but I'd like to offer my customers the option of buying VPSs in different locations. OpenVZ is a thinner virtualization layer. everyone shares the same kernel. It's resource separation isn't nearly as strong. On the other hand, it is also more efficient. you can reasonably expect to get more total performance out of a OpenVZ system than the same system running xen, but the problem is with OpenVZ, if one user is hogging resources, that user is much more likely to effect other customers than they would be under Xen, with it's non-shared ram and stronger CPU scheduling. yeah. I need to do that. The billing system badly needs work. We improved the provisioning system a bit yesterday, but we still have a backlog from this attention. Fortunately, I've got plenty of capacity, so the only problem is the setup. Heh. Nice. I remember when ec2 came into public beta I thought it was going to wipe the floor with us VPS providers. Their prices looked good at that point in time. EC2 kicked my ass when they started their public beta. that's right, something like $70 a month for 1.7GiB was cheaper than I was. I upgraded to new hardware and lowered prices. Under Xen if there is available CPU, any user can burst to it. I use the credit scheduler, which means you spend scheduler credits to get that CPU. You gain scheduler credits by not using as much CPU. Your weight determines how fast your credits accumulate, so a domain with twice as much weight, assuming contention, gets twice as much cpu as another domain. I weight my domains based on the amount of ram they have, so a 64Mb domain has 1/4th the weight of a 256MiB domain. The ceiling on how much CPU you can use when nobody else wants it is set by the number of vcpus you have. I give you one, and in this example, slicehost gives you 4. this is in an effort to make the jokers who run mprime all day (I'm looking at you) from dragging down the service for everyone else. And they don't. I see some users who regularly use as much cpu as they are allowed, and it doesn't cause problems for my more restraned users. my standard system has 32GiB ram and 2 quad-core 1.9Ghz opterons. (I have one with 64GiB and 2 2.1Ghz shanghais, but most of that ram is being used as cache for my experimental ZFS domain, so it shouldn't have more contention than the 32GiB servers) As for the number of domains, depends on how many users sign up for what plan. 62 domains are on the system that the user who ran this test is on. as for dedicated servers, the big question in my mind is "why don't they give you more ram?" there's no reason to run a single socket with less than 8GiB and a dual socket with less than 32GiB (well, not no reason, but in the general case. Ram speeds up disk, usually, which is horribly slow, even if you buy expensive disk.) I've found an interesting model for renting servers; I charge a kinda hefty setup fee (like $500 for a core2quad with 2 disk and 8GiB ram. within a couple hundred of the parts cost) but then charge $70/month ongoing. (for one of my 8 core 32GB ram systems, with some disks thrown in, it was $1200 up front and $175/month) It does lock the customer in, which is not providing value, but on the other hand, if they stay for a while, it's much cheaper than market rates, and I'm ok with it because the customer has covered most of my capital outlay. I think the thing is that most of us small operators are leery of capital outlays that take many months to repay, and I think the large operators actually pay more for the hardware. No, I'm serious. every large company I've worked at bought pre-built servers from HP or Dell or whatever, and they always ended up paying a large premium over what I would pay buying parts (when they are on sale) for servers that did the same thing. I think part of it was that salesmen are professionals, and part of it was that in a large corporation, the guy making the buy decision, well, it's not his money. He's more concerned with making a decision that looks right than a decision that is right. On the other hand after making an especially bad mistake I once said "Hey, that was my Porsche." heh. the last bit (where he asks for investors) was priceless. Personally, I'm also pretty leery of investors. I've turned a few down myself. Really, when you take on an investor, you are taking on another partner. you don't want to accept just anyone. yeah. this is what I'm doing. I'm fortunate in that I have enough experience to command a pretty good rate, and I can demand corp-to-corp payment. With this, I turn around and hire inexperienced, cheap, but pretty good SysAdmins to handle customers while I'm with my client. But yeah, 3 days a week is immensely better than working 5 days a week for someone else, then trying to get something done on the weekends. Ram is King for most workloads; and he's right, it's ridiculously cheap. If you need more than 16GiB ram, it makes a lot of sense to buy your own hardware and co-locate it. Now, I disagree about keeping it in your basement, at least once you have users on it. co-locating a 2 cpu box is going to cost you around $100/month, and you get much better connectivity than DSL at that price. DSL isn't much cheaper, if you get a reasonable uplink speed (at least around here) and I don't know about you, but the power in my house (I live in California) isn't exactly /enterprise grade/. But yeah, I see a largely untapped market for renting high-ram otherwise-cheap servers; I've rented out one 32GiB server with a bunch of drives (and some slow CPUs) to a guy for $1200 setup and $175/month... once my next load of servers is up and built, I'm thinking about chasing that business model again, if I can build the servers faster than I get new vps signups, anyhow. that's not the point; the point is that if you buy 32 1GiB 'slices' even if you are getting completely fair slices that really have 1GiB ram, they are going to cost more than buying one server with 32GiB ram. (now in some situations, 32 1GiB slices are going to be more useful, but 1 32GiB server is going to be cheaper than 32 1GiB slices. ) I sell slices myself; and this is something that should be clear to everyone; the reason why you'd want to buy a slice from me (or someone else) is that a 1GiB slice from me is a lot cheaper than a dedicated server with 1GiB ram. now, some VPS providers have really cool provisioning systems that add a lot of value (I'm still working on mine... but I'm not there.) but those are not unique to virtualization. You can build really cool provisioning systems to work with hardware servers as well. The win from virtualization is that 8 cores/32GiB ram is the most economical server configuration at the moment; with virtualization you can slice that up into smaller servers for people who need less than 32GiB ram /8 cores, and save them a bunch of money. the big problem here is Intel's nerfing of the atom by pairing it with a very thirsty chipset. Note, you buy an atom board, the Atom CPU has a passive heat sink; the chipset has an active fan. I imagine this will change once Via gets a competitive chip in a server form factor. Yeah, until these low-power computers improve a whole lot, I agree. I bought a few of those atoms to try 'em out, you know, people will pay a good bit more for their own dedicated server than they will for a VPS. Once you put it together, the atom, with a limit of 2GiB ram, draws around 50 watts under load. (I can only imagine most of that is power supply inefficiency and chipset badness) one of my 8 core low-power dual-opterons eats about 4x as much power, but I get 32GiB ram and many times the power of 4 puny atoms. Until intel quits nerfing the atom (and maybe even then) virtualizing a big server is going to get you a whole lot more power for a whole lot less fuss. hm. really? I thought that free software was a natural consequence of capitalism and technology. 'in a free market, the price of any commodity will be slightly above the marginal cost of production' - the marginal cost of another copy of Linux is rather close to zero. I think similar economics push free and ad supported online content. The marginal cost of adding another user to a webapp is so close to zero that charging for it doesn't make a lot of sense. "Credentialism, like it or not, is still a huge factor when you have no work experience." Uh, yeah. that's what your parents always say. I can't tell you how many people told me I'd be working at gas stations if I didn't get good grades and go to college. By 20, my wages were competitive with my parents. If you don't have education, you need experience. Get a job as a windows monkey/cable bitch at an office or an ISP. Work for people who are better than you are. Yeah, you have a few years of getting ridiculously underpaid ahead of you. I remember getting paid $7/hr to fix computers, when customers were billed for my time at $80/hr. move up to a better job every year or two. Linux pays better than windows, so as soon as you can make that jump, do so. That said, you are going to be working shit jobs until the recession is over. just remember it is the experience you are after, not the money. But as soon as the economy picks up, if you have been doing the job for peanuts, you will be able to get paid real money. But the important thing is to have jobs that count. small companies are good, because the owner cares about money, and if you get hired on as a level 1 windows monkey, if you can, it's usually pretty easy to get them to let you take on more responsibility, work on the linux servers, etc.. I started doing that at 15. By the time I was 20, I was living in the bay area making around $60K. Now, that was '00. The crash wasn't too long after that so I had a few years of flat salary, but then things picked up again; that seems to be the way it works. learn things during the downturns, cash in when times are good. Now, I've chosen the path of bootstraping my company, because I prefer to sell to customers than to investors, which is a little different, but really, knowing how to do something useful is a huge help in starting your company. First, working lets you see problems people have, and second, if you know things, you can rent yourself out for venture capital. I suck at business. I spent four years bleeding into my current venture before I saw black ink. (But... that was my Porsche.) But the thing is, with what I can bill out as a contractor, I've got (what seems to me like) a massive wad of venture capital, replenished monthly. That means I can pay for a lot of mistakes, and I'm finally at a point where it looks like I have the upper hand. (see, this downturn I'm prepared. During good times, nobody cares about money. During downturns, money matters. You should probably try to apply this to selling your labor. Offer to be underpaid for a job you are not quite qualified for.) I don't want to discourage you from going to school, but it's not the only path. Credentialism is dead. hah. really? when I met my now-girlfriend for the first time, she said "wow, you are a lot less articulate in person" yeah, on a mailing list. but if I'm twice as smart as I talk and three times as smart as I write, then assuming my IQ is constant, I would seem dumber if you read what I wrote (as it is 1/3rd my actual capacity) than if you listen to me talk, (as that is 1/2 my capacity.) But that's just a dumb joke. As for the article, I think it misses the point... writing and talking are quite different. (and writing in different mediums is different) - But when you write, you have a chance to strike out all the really stupid shit you said, before hitting send. depends on what you mean by "cloud" - if ec2 is the cloud, yeah, three guys in a basement can do a hosting company. Takes some capital, but not that much. EC2 is not competing on price. I believe few weeks of hacking on a good provisioning system is all that is stopping me from claiming to be a 'cloud computing' provider, in the sense that ec2 is a 'cloud' The ec2 cloud is a lot like traditional dedicated servers, only with a nice provisioning interface. The advantage of that is it's linux; and there are many providers willing to rent you linux boxes. you just need to modify your provisioning setup. Now, if you mean 'the cloud' like google's app engine or something else that is a platform that is only offered by one provider, then yeah, I agree. you never want to be in a position where you are dependent on one supplier. yes, twice is a silly way of quantifying intelligence. 'standard deviations' is what you'd use if you want to sound, ah, intelligent. I'm just saying, people perceive me to be less intelligent in person than in writing, which runs counter to the author's point. hm. #1. did you get an email with instructions? right now, the procedure is that after signup, you are sent an email with instructions on how to create an OpenSSH format public key. You email the key back to us and we set you up (hopefully... some people have fallen through the cracks) as for #2, http://wiki.xen.prgmr.com/xenophilia/ - the plan is to set up new servers once, and leave them online for 3 years. Our SLA makes no distinction between scheduled and unscheduled downtime. #3, well, there are 3 of us, and we are all pretty good technically, but we need to put some serious effort into response times. I need to put an alarm on tickets that haven't been touched for 12 hours in RT or something. #4, I'm trying to move towards using images from http://stacklet.com/ or similar (or rather, making it easy for you to upload those images) Chris is actually really into slackware. more on #1: email me your username (lsc@prgmr.com) and if you are still interested we will give you a month off. (it wasn't a rejection, it was incompetence. If a user doesn't email us, we often don't notice.) yeah, this could be solved by a better interface. Unfortunately, email has become somewhat unreliable, thanks to spam (no spam filter is 100%; my experience has been that most automated filters do better than I can with a delete key, once you get worse than 10 spams for every good mail. still, nothing is 100%) I should set things up so you can set it all up in your one web session; it shouldn't be that hard; the parts I'm missing are the ability to automatically upload a ssh key, and to automatically process paypal payments. Neither of which is particularly difficult. Actually, I'm working on that now. But the part I really suck at is billing, so I want to pass that off on the resellers. They'd be providing real value for me then. I've been talking to a few people about this; what I want to do is provide a interface so the resellers can provision new images themselves, charge the resellers a discount on what I charge normally, then let resellers sell and bill at whatever price the markets can bear. This would help me immensely. If I didn't have to screw with billing, I could focus more on the technical stuff, which is what I'm good at. I was going over things the other night, and I'm collecting about half what I'm billing out. (I imagine that many of those accounts are people who want to close the account who didn't bother telling me, but some are probably interested in continuing service.) The question is how do I let resellers differentiate while I am still doing support? I like the idea of letting them set the prices (because some people really do want to pay more, and on the business end of things, I want to provide a commodity. Getting some people to pay more for a commodity than others do is a skill for other people. One that I'm not particularly interested in developing.) Resellers could differentiate on nicer interfaces, and hopefully some of them would be able to have several providers on the backend... you know, kindof like cloudkick; you could buy a vps from cloudkick and they could run it on me, on slicehost, ec2, or linode; that is adding real value for the customer. I'd pay for this. Note, though, I'm not a student and I don't live on campus. There might be more of a market for this service off campus than on. Figure out some way of charging for pick up, put up some sort of map or other way of showing your delivery/pick up area, and you might have a larger market than you think. I have considered offering free hosting to YC companies. Most of them seem to be a bit, ah, brand conscious (thus going for slicehost over linode) so I haven't bothered to push the idea. But yea, if any YC company needs free hosting (and really, hosting is so cheap these days that it's all pretty much free) I'd be happy to give it to them. I'm younger than linode, but I've been renting Xen VPSs since 2005, which makes me older than slicehost, I believe. I'm not asking you to go exclusive or anything (in fact, I think that's a bad idea. don't host all your stuff with the same provider.) That said, I'd be a little surprised if any of the YC companies have to pay for hosting. Many, many ISPs would be happy to give away a little bandwidth in exchange for some publicity. if you want more than 15GiB... use hardware. For less than half what a 16GiB slice sets you back, I'd be happy to rent you your own 8 core server with 32GiB ram. heh. Yeah, hiring managers like you are why I make a lot more than friends who are several standard deviations more intelligent than i am, who show up on time more often, and who get more work done. But I'm tall, blond, confident and can be fairly friendly in person, so I get more money. It's stupid, because I'm not getting more done. I'm not providing more value. In fact, the confidence is a major negative, when it comes to real value. I take on tasks I can't handle, and routinely underestimate how long a particular task will take. If you can't communicate your ideas in writing, you are unfit for management. You are unfit to write specifications, and you are probably unfit to implement those specifications. I'm in business for myself now precisely because I can't stand to work for semi-literate morons who choose me over people who are clearly superior to me just because I wasn't looking at my shoes during the interview. 'people skills' are highly dependent on what people you wish to get along with. the 'socially skilled' marketing guy with good hair? ever notice how the more technical people on your team want to murder that guy? Many of us prefer to hang out with people who stare at their shoes while explaining what a forrier transform is over that asshole with the good hair who is talking about how cool his yoga weekend was (or whatever the cool people are doing these days) So yeah, while you want people who are socially compatible to work together, keep in mind that managers and technical people have very different preferences when it comes to choosing friends. nobody? really? some of my best friends are the shy stare-at-your-shoes types. Boring, again, is in the eye of the beholder. Personally, I find extroverts in general to be a little irritating. Frankly, I'd rather have you try to explain to me what a fourier transform is than tell me how great your ren faire experience was. the worst are those guys who won't shut up about contrails or jesus or organic food or the democrats or the republicans or corn syrup or whatever. I know we all believe weird shit. Hell, I do too. I don't mind hearing a little about it, but it gets boring pretty fast if that's what you are really into. oh man, hasn't everyone had this stunt tried on them at least once? I guess I'm kindof an impatient jerk about money, though, 'cause I'm pretty quick to say "Ok, well, I'm not working on your project until I see a cheque" you need to be especially careful of this if you are using a third-party broker or body shop. I find that going direct means that you usually deal with people who are much less slimy. The key to getting paid is the willingness to walk away. First, if you are doing work before getting paid, remember you are giving them a loan. Never loan someone more money than you are willing to walk away from. And cut your losses early. If they won't pay you after one month, they probably aren't going to pay you after two or three months. stop work. do something else. If they decide to pay you, great. you win. If they don't, well, you are only out one month rather than 3 or 6 months, so you don't lose quite as much. #2, I think, is key. "Never put data into a program unless you can see exactly how to get it out" this is key. it is in the best interest of larger, more established players to lock you in by using proprietary, patent protected, and/or complex APIs. Smaller players, on the other hand, want to grow, often by undercutting the larger players on cost (the entire market here is priced massively above the costs I see, so just about anyone with a few servers can come in and be 1/2 to 1/4th market price.) In that case, the smaller players desperately want it to be easy to move from one provider to another. The current situation is that only complex APIs exist. The problem is that the smaller players often don't have the resources to deal with a more complex API. I think what we need is a 'simplest thing that could possibly work' API that is easy for good SysAdmins (who may not be good programmers) to integrate into their own system. But then, I haven't really played much with Eucalyptus. maybe I am wrong about it being too complex. I should throw up a server with Eucalyptus and see what happens. I know little of your market; I target SysAdmins. But I went 4 years (and one Ross Perot) before my company became profitable. I supported it and myself through part-time consulting. The big thing is to present a decisive face to the world. My 'Ross Perot' cost me another two years or so, I think. As for 'stay or quit,' well, when you are small, it doesn't take much to make a huge difference. That article about me on hn and reddit the other month? that took me from 'breaking even if my time is free' to the point where prgmr.com revenue is greater than my contracting revenue. Me, I stayed in it for so long in spite of my losses because this is what I like doing, and what I'm good at. Perhaps more importantly, I believe I have a chance of holding my own against the competition. Uh, but yeah, if you do decide to stick with it, you might want to think about a part-time contracting gig. Yeah, I've had a lot more luck than I thought I would asking people who quit early why they are quitting. Not only do I occasionally get actionable information, but sometimes those people who leave me recommend me to other people for whom the service is more suitable. heck, you might even be able to work out a gig where you can interrupt your contract to be with your customers if you need to. if you have unusual skill (or are willing to work for below-market rates) you can usually find someone willing to be flexible. that said, you obviously have a limit on the total time and effort you can put into a day so that might not work if you are already coding 8 hours a day on your product. but if your product is 'pretty good' and you are mostly marketing and waiting to be noticed, it might make a lot of sense to shave some hours off to sell to other people. But then, most of my marketing is 'do something to try to get noticed' - i imagine if most of your marketing is cold calling or otherwise direct customer interaction, then it might not be so easy to take hours off. the effort to go from $2K/month to $1.5K/month is probably not worth it if you have the option of contracting yourself out; at bay area computer janitor contracting rates, (and I imagine good devs are more expensive than SysAdmins.) that's less than 8 hours of work. If you are good and have contacts, you can realistically expect twice as much; but if you are good, $500/day is reasonable to expect without expending too much marketing effort. Being frugal is good too... but sometimes spending money makes sense, I think. Me, for example, I drive a $3,000 car, and pay $750 in rent. (I live in the south bay, my girlfriend and I split the rent on a $1500/month duplex) . Paying more isn't going to free up any time, so I don't. But I do hire someone to clean out my house once a week; It seems like a big win, as that saves me a lot of time, for a relatively small amount of money. heh. I find most psychologists to be a bit too open-minded. maybe it's just me. for shared hosting, yes, there is no excuse for not being redundant. However, if you are renting servers, full redundancy at the server level is quite difficult to achieve. Redundancy is usually better handled at the application layer. every reasonable co-lo has redundant power and redundant bandwidth. hell, even tiny guys like me have that. Most co-lo power outages are not due to both incoming power feeds failing; usually it is either human error or failure in the power equipment that is not redundant enough. It happens even at the best data centers. Most network outages, on the other hand, are caused by human error. it's not very difficult to make your network extremely resilient to upstream failures; Even the smallest ISP is going to have more than one upstream. however, if you give the new guy access to the BGP routers, (or the old guy, when he hasn't had enough sleep) it's not at all difficult to break the whole thing. at what rackspace can charge, new hardware is nothing. the problem is that if I rent you a server, it's going to be pretty difficult for me to replicate that server to another location without a lot of cooperation from you. the more I screw with your server, well, the more likely I am to break it, too. I use paypal, personally. I've found that your perception of how smart other people are goes up with the quality of the education you receive. Good schools have a filter to keep out the worst of the riff-raff; and once you are out of school, most of us spend most of our time after school with our peers. Many of my peers went to very good schools, and nearly all of those people have a much higher opinion of humanity in general than i do, simply because they have never been exposed to a group of average people. See, I went to one of the worst high schools in the state, then I skipped college to get a .com job, so my last interaction with the proletariat was unfiltered. dono. I've met more than a few smart people working in the service industry. (I've hired a few, too, with good results.) Personally, when I hire someone, I rate hobby experience as more desirable than paid experience. I can give you paid experience. At least for SysAdmins, I can train you in all the gotchas of production. But I can't make you like it. I expect the average person to be less intelligent than many of my better-educated peers expect. Heh. I know one guy who is much better educated, and somewhat more intelligent than I am who thought I was average. At the time, we had the same job description (he was a bit more senior to me, and quite a bit more competent, but we did basically the same work.) - the point was, in his world, someone in the 98th percentile seemed, to him, average. have you ever sent an email to a manager or sales person? these statistics should surprise no one. From what I understand, Ritalin is prescribed precisely because it has much less of that 'euphoria' than, say, Dexedrine. In my completely subjective experience, Ritalin causes less 'euphoria' than caffeine. Granted, I think Caffeine, especially the first sip after going several days without, feels quite good. But, if I am on vacation; I mean, real vacation where I am not working on anything, I don't take the Ritalin. I feel better without it, if I'm not trying to do something. It is very important, if you do use psychoactive drugs, to have some sort of external metric. When I was undergoing various ADD treatments, I had my boss evaluate me every week. I found that what I was doing before (that is, using unusually large amounts of caffeine) was not better than baseline me. you realize this the first time you work somewhere that has standards high enough that you are the least effective person on the team. But yeah, everyone /needs/ that experience of being in a place where they are the least competent person on the team. I have met people who have not had that experience, and they are nearly impossible to work with. Just saying, though, school isn't the only place to get that experience. I would amend "Don't hire friends and relatives" to say "don't hire people you can't fire" - I've had good luck with friends and relatives; but I've only hired friends that do jobs that I know how to do (and thus I know how to judge) and I seem to be able to say 'this isn't working out' without loosing a friend. maybe "Don't hire people you are not willing and able to judge in an objective manner" would be better still. first, if your server costs compete in any way with your own living expenses, get them down. Most people massively overpay for servers. what kind of server do you have that is costing you $30-$40 a day? for that kind of scratch you can get a full rack, two circuits and a nice big chunk of bandwidth. that's operating cost for 16 of my dual quad-core opterons with 32GiB ram. but then $1200 a month isn't much, really. that's what, two, three days of contracting at bay area SysAdmin rates? Get a dayjob. Yeah, it sucks. But if you bootstrap, that's what you've got to do. I do consulting 3 days a week, and you know what? if prgmr.com revenue stopped tomorrow, I'd go back up to 5 days a week, and I'd have no problem paying for my server space for as long as I cared to do so. (and I have done this... prgmr.com is doing ridiculously well at the moment, but if you look at my history, well, I've been doing this since 2005, and have made my expensive mistakes. All paid for by contracting income. It can be painful, I mean, in 2006, I got a little optimistic and locked myself into a year-long contract for almost two orders of magnitude more bandwidth than I ended up needing. a $15K mistake or so. But eh, it looks like we might have that much revenue this month alone, so I was right to stick with it.) It sounds like your business is one with low capital requirements, and low monthly overhead. That is the best kind of business to bootstrap, I think; you just need to build your life so that you are OK with supporting the business until someone notices you and the business takes off. I wonder... in what jurisdictions are these "oh a user is doing something bad, let's take out the company hosting that user with no warning" outages most common in? Most that I remember reading about were in Europe, but at the behest of US corporations. Now, it does seem like this is a rare occurrence; data center problems are more common, so it doesn't seem like a reason to move just yet, but when it comes time to set up my European location, this is certainly something I will research and I will be less likely to host in countries more likely to give me an unplanned outage. get the man a spell-checking program, and fast. He's worse than me! Other than that, uh, I guess he understands more than the average hippie? not saying much, if you ask me. He also seems to ignore that energy is usually quite cheap compared to human labor; I dono about you, but yeah, a lot of my expenses are energy related, but a lot of them are labor, as well. Nice. it makes it real clear why caching disk to ram (as all modern *NIX variants do) is such a huge win, and why you should always load up your servers with as much ram as you can afford. Sure, CPU contention can slow things down, but it's usually not the 'fall off a cliff' performance degradation that hitting disk (rather than hitting ram cache) is. Yeah, but if you can have more ram than the commonly accessed data (which is the usual case I have seen, unless you are putting things like photos in the DB. Most of us have databases that are far smaller than 64GiB, and 64GiB ram servers can be had for the value of less than a week of programmer time. ) once the database warms up, the read speed is no longer blocked on disk. Disk is largely something you keep around so you can handle really large things (like pictures and video) and so that all your data doesn't go 'poof' when you hit the power. (the other side of that, of course, is that if you want your data to be in good shape after the aforementioned power loss, then yeah, your writes will block on disk speed. But for most people, the 'sane but not correct' default of ext3 and the like is good enough.) Have you tried it on a box with a HDD and an adequate amount of ram? I would think that on modern file systems with ordered metadata writes (or journaling) like ext3 or ffs with softupdates, so long as you had enough ram, disk speed wouldn't matter all that much so long as you can keep everything in cache. SSD is great, the problem is that the good SSD costs something like $15 per gigabyte, and good registered ecc ddr2 ram costs just over $20 per gigabyte. Sure, in applications where consistency across power-loss events is a huge deal, ssd is the right answer, but for most applications, buying a whole lot of ram is often faster and not that much more expensive. they've been around for a while. I had an account with johncompanies before I started prgmr.com. My experience was quite positive. I've heard this 'it doesn't scale' argument many times, and I think the source is that the sort of skills it takes to maintain support infrastructure of that quality are quite different from and rarely present in the same individual (or management of a company) as the skills required to scale out a product to the mass market. Also, I don't believe the mass market doesn't really want a unix nerd on the level 1 support line. they want someone who speaks 'normal person.' /Large ISPs routinely get subpoena requests all the time/ sure, but I don't think they are secret very often. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Page_cache the idea is that if you have enough ram, you only need to read the files from disk once. after that, the files are in ram cache. Once the files are in cache, at least for reads, it doesn't matter how spread out on disk they were. And yeah, you do need to read the files from disk once, and that is slow; thus you often see a 'warm up' effect on servers. hitting a new page is often slower than it is for the second person who hits that same page. nice. heh. my experience has been that ram errors correlate most closely to how careful you have been with your ESD precautions. if the file is in cache, you can 'find' it in cache, without hitting disk. seek time, (which I assume is what you mean by 'finding it') is only a problem if the file isn't cached in ram. Yes, running on a SSD takes the entire filesystem much closer to ram speeds. However, you are doing so at almost ram prices. (I'm speaking of good SSDs, like the X-25E; which comes to something like $15 per gigabyte; the not so good SSDs have problems of their own. I have a SSD in my laptop right now that is branded by one of the gamer ram companies, i forget which one. It was pretty cheap, under $2 per gigabyte. It's pretty nice for reads, for writes, sometimes it is good, but often writes are worse than spinning disk.) The advantage of just buying the ram is that a good virtual memory management system can automatically optimize to keep the data you access most often in ram. Like I said, i use a SSD in my laptop, a cheap brand and it's small, my laptop doesn't need a lot of storage, so the cost is reasonable, and I use a journaling file system, so writes are cached and the slow sub-cell size write speeds of the cheap SSD aren't a huge problem. I'm just explaining why in my servers, I prefer to go with a whole lot of ram, and then slow, cheap, and large SATA, rather than less ram and expensive SSD. I find the dynamics of venture-backed (vs. bootstrapped) companies to be telling. I mean, not everyone who runs a venture-backed company is shallow or trying to fool you, but there is definitely a much stronger emphasis on appearance, when you are using other people's money. Personally, I would be fine working for a venture-backed startup (I mean, if I needed to work for other people, which is something I'll avoid if I can.) But when it comes to my own company, really unless my investor is someone I'd want as a partner without the money, I'd rather get a dayjob. I think a lot of this 'I don't care about infrastructure' is specific to webapp programmers - If you write infrastructure that the SysAdmins like, we do celebrate you to a certain extent. Programmers (well, webapp programmers, and yeah, some of them do qualify as 'real programmers' in spite of the stereotype.) seem to be more MBA-influenced than SysAdmins, which I guess makes sense, if your business model is to build something cool and then have a MBA buy it. I don't see how that would change anything; better than the alternatives is. SysAdmins care primarily about infrastructure; webapp programmers, well, you have a point. I mean, the top two stories of this moment are clearly infrastructure. But they care about other things, too. SysAdmins exist so that developers don't need to focus on infrastructure. you need more SysAdmin friends. seriously, almost every real SysAdmin has a server in a datacenter somewhere, roaring away and burning through power, often doing little more than personal email, spamfiltering, and personal website/filesharing. Usually they love giving friends free hosting for little personal projects, as that justifies the existence of that co-located box that allows the SysAdmin to keep his or her skills up to date. You know how open source programmers are proud when other people use code they provide? SysAdmins feel similarly when we get to host/support something cool. I mean, if you were employed, I'd say to go buy a VPS (unless your idea involves streaming movies or, ah, 'adult content,' there is no reason why your hosting bill needs to be more than $20/month. Less if you are willing to deal with a underpowered server, or one of the 'up and coming' providers.) Wow. way to assume your customers are stupid, and to focus on appearance over substance. key. I mean, all my experience is with squid, but there are many, many caching proxies. Using caching proxies is a ridiculously easy way for a SysAdmin to take a slow webapp and make it fast without screwing with the application code. Unfortunately most webapp developers don't use reasonable cache control headers. Most php apps, if your proxy does a HEAD to see if it should re-pull content, render a full page and throw it away except for the headers. (this may be false now, but when I did this, they were using php3. In php3, to handle HEAD requests properly you'd have to actually write code to handle it, which most programmers did not.) Still, my experience has been that using something like squid gives you a pretty massive performance advantage, even when your webapp is uncooperative. Is it true that there is an increased marketing focus on 'sustainability' when the economy is down? I mean, I thought the same was true in the 70s, and it kinda faded as the economy picked up steam again. (I could be wrong about that. I wasn't born 'till '80.) It sure seems like in the last few years since this downturn has started business have talked a lot more about sustainability, and fashions for the middle class have changed as well. SUVs, from the beginning, were symbols of wealth. Rising gas prices can explain why people stopped using them, but if anything, it seems like that would enhance their status as symbols of wealth, but that's not what happened. They suddenly became uncool. sure, you care about it, but it's not what you do. Just like as a Unix SysAdmin, I care very deeply about power. Without good power, nothing I can do means jack. However, I know less about it than an electrician would, and (going back to Zed's comment) I wouldn't be able to name the people/companies who are famous for coming up with the high power switching technology required to keep my data center on-line. hang on there; how come a higher tax rate would kill the startup market? A more complex business tax regime, sure, but you are only taxed on your profits and what you pay yourself. You don't pay much in taxes until your company actually starts making money. Especially considering that capital gains is treated differently (and taxed less) than income, it seems to me like the most advantageous course to take in a time of high taxation is to start a business, and re-invest as much of your profit as possible. Then, at some point sell it and pay capital gains on your winnings. (or perhaps sit on it until tax rates go down a bit.) Now, obviously a high tax rate will cause people to spend less, but that's going to hurt all businesses, not just startups. From where I stand, as a small company, it seems that I am much better positioned to compete on price than larger companies in my market. I've been with joker.com for almost a decade now. they aren't cheaper for 'just the domain' but they offer the usual extra services at no extra charge, and they generally act like a honest company. As I only have one domain, another $5 per year doesn't really hurt. The thing is, last time I checked (a few years back) the raw costs, if you set yourself up as a registrar of .com names is like $6 per .com name per year (plus a $5K year fee or something) so asking for a .com for less than $6/year is not realistic, unless the company is using it as a loss leader to get you to buy something higher margin. why do you have a bunch of domains, anyhow? do they use the same API as ec2? hm... does anyone use MySQL NDB cluster, the in memory db? with ram prices what they are, that sort of thing sounds like the way to go. I mean, with 64GiB ram servers being under $4K in parts these days, it seems like it might also be affordable. Of course, I haven't used MySQL ndb cluster for several years. it seemed solid then, but I haven't used it since. A SLA is a way for a company to say "I'm serious about uptime" more than anything else. Not to say it's not important, but it's certainly not an insurance policy. An interesting SLA would be 'I will pay for time on some other cloud type service' but that would require better standardization than we have now. on recoverability: sure you can 'repair tables' on a normal MySQL setup, but you are going to loose some rows that were cached; just like with fsck, you can make data sane, but not correct, people tell me that now MySQL 'repair table' is as good as promoting a slave these days, but when a server crashes, the hardware is suspect (unless the console log indicates something software-only, such as an oom condition.) so restoring from a slave still sounds like the way to go. The application I used it for back in the day was a Dspam server... it had millions of rows (keeping track of everyone's spam at a fair-sized ASP) Come to think of it, I never shut it down until we took it out of production. Of course, a database server that crashes, regardless of the ease of recovery, is of little utility. if it's still doing that, well, forget it. That I am unable to find people who use it is quite worrysome in this regard. The thing is, it was solid with dspam, and all the synthetic tests I threw at it many years ago. heh. I almost want to come up with some free webapp to test this. got any ideas on a webapp that would be easy to write, that would quickly attract users, and that would thrash the database? it doesn't need to make money. well, if you needed 32GiB ram, sure. But most things don't need 32GiB of ram, and it just doesn't make any sense to host servers with less ram than that. So yeah, a dedicated server would be better, but probably not all that much better than a properly configured virtual, and the virtual is a whole lot cheaper. also, what's high-end about an in-ram database? It's all cheap commodity parts; my cost for a full on 8 core box with 32GiB ram is well under $1500, and around two amps of (American 120v) power. This is decidedly low-end, until you get, you know, a few marketing guys and 3 vars in the mix and start paying double for hardware put together by people who don't believe that ESD is a problem. of course, I tend to target the, ah, 'technically adept' - but I use IRC. Personally, I think it's pretty awesome. I really like IRC because it's not 1:1 - sure, I'm in there, and so is nick and will, when we have a chance, but there are many customers (right now, north of 40) in the room, and often they help oneanother. It's also great for one off quick questions wait, they charge many times over what it costs to co-lo your hardware, then they charge what is a fairly reasonable per-gigabyte transfer (well, fairly reasonable if you don't use much. Often co-location providers will charge you north of $60 per Mbps if you are buying less than 10Mbps; usually it's closer to $10 per Mbps if you buy 100Mbps or so.) and you say the bandwidth is the hidden cost? wait, what? woo! caching and compression! I feel like it's 1998 again! if you want to do this yourself for your office or ISP, do a google for 'squid proxy' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_persistent_connection if everything on the page is from one server, it will all go over one connection. In the case of using a http cache, all the connections are made by the cache, and one connection is made to the cache by the end-user box. look at myspace. I mean, design matters in the sense that you need to be able to do what your users want to do, but no, rounded edges don't matter. huh. see, I am always more suspicious of people who put more effort into appearance. I mean, if you show up to a programming interview in a suit, my first impression is that you are trying to distract me from things that matter with your appearance. But yeah, that's taste, and varies based on who your customers are. Functionality matters to everyone. asking is fine, but if the company is more than just one guy, don't expect them to answer. From what I understand, it's a liability matter; telling someone why they weren't hired can get the employer in a lot of hot water if the reason was a questionable one. But really, you should treat it a lot like dating; even an attractive person is going to need to ask several attractive members of the appropriate sex before finding someone for whom the feeling is mutual. In either case, don't take rejection too hard; there are plenty of fish in the sea. Again, extending the dating metaphor, it's considered better to find yourself someone who likes who you happen to be than to try to modify yourself to a particular person's preferences. Sure, improve yourself, but improve yourself in general rather than just bending to the preferences of one entity. heh. yeah. I can't tell you how many bogus abuse complaints I get. The other day, I got a spam complaint; the 'spam' contained within was an abuse report sent by one of my customers. Another time I showed someone on a mailing list how to look up the owners of IPv6 addresses. he included that with his abuse report to the owner, and the owner of the IP block (who happened to be an upstream of an upstream of mine) forwarded the message back to me, as if I was somehow involved. In both these cases, I responded to all involved. in both these cases, I didn't hear anything back from anyone. I can only imagine that most abuse desks are either understaffed or poorly automated. The thing is, handling abuse is important, but it's not easy. It's not easy to send a good abuse report, and it's not easy to parse it, to weigh the rights of all involved, and to do the right thing on the other end. An abuse desk person needs to be part lawyer and part network admin. Add to that the fact that most ISPs put the least effort they can into abuse, without getting put on blacklists, and you have a job that is usually done poorly. I wonder why it is seen as acceptable to send out automated mails containing the legal equivalent of what I would call 'cartoony threats' - "I'm going to sue you for a billion dollars!" especially when they lack solid evidence of what is actually going on. I'm not saying it should be illegal, but it does seem, at the very least, quite rude. Publicly pointing out 'hey, company X was really rude, and it turns out that they weren't paying attention when they sent the mail' as this article does, is probably a good first step towards convincing companies to be a bit more careful before throwing around threats. neat; but especially if you are writing software to support the product you sell (rather than the product you sell being software) the 'it's done when it's done' is a viable alternative. used to be I'd listen to language tapes while driving. hm. I think the article is somewhat unclear; I agree that all your customers can now see everything anyone has ever said about you, but that doesn't mean you need to (or should) attempt to close every sale. Saying "I'm sorry, I can't help you right now." when you can't, I think is pretty important; You can't be all things to all people. On the other hand, while loosing some sales is fine, pissing off those lost sales is not. Seth is right that all your interactions are now with people who are connected to all your other potential customers. I find that recommending competitors when I encounter customers I can not profitably serve results in those (non) customers saying good things about me. I'm amused that Microsoft now needs to defend itself against apple. What's next, a commercial saying you should buy Microsoft instead of Linux? When you are the underdog, just having the 800lb gorilla notice you exist is a huge victory. automobile mechanic. A little bit more physical effort and a little bit less mental, (well, the manuals for repairing cars tend to be a whole lot better than the manuals for repairing computers, anyhow.) but in many ways similar to PC/server repair. (tho a whole lot messier.) when I have spare time, yes. Even though I can command pretty good wages, it's often worth an afternoon, for example, to swap out the rotors and break pads on my car. I'm almost earning enough to pay for it, but when you consider that the money comes out post tax, it still makes sense for me to do it myself. Besides, it's interesting and almost relaxing. And it means that I make superior decisions as to when I need to replace the thing, too. (it also means I can economically own a much nicer car than otherwise; at one point I had a used bmw 325Is. having a professional swap out the breaks was north of a grand, or maybe 1/4th that in parts to do yourself. Luxury cars cost a lot more to repair, and as far as I can tell, it's a 'because we can' fee- it was actually much easier to work on the BMW than to work on the nissan I currently drive. Assuming you have the right documentation, that is. there was always a 'trick' that made what you were doing really easy on the BMW. Pay extra for the Bentley publishing manual, if you have a BMW. the Chilton brand 'book of lies' is not worth the paper it is printed on.) On the other hand, I usually pay others to, for instance, change the oil. It's usually cheap, and it's pretty messy to do in the driveway. Yes, but we are speaking of a world without computers; without computers (and the 'net) used bookstores would be quite viable. better pay, better possibility of more pay in the future, and probably more interesting long term. The automotive industry is quite mature at this point, and therefore boring. I could totally see myself going into cars, though, if I was born a century earlier. That would have been really interesting. Ask your local SysAdmin; you can do ok without a degree even without going into 'the trades' I agree that it is quite difficult to scale support; but that is even more true for closed source software. Open-source software, at least, has plenty of 'free help' in the form of searchable web forms and mailing lists. not necessarily. businesses can (and do) target customers who work best with the business model they use. I know I have something of a barrier to entry for customers; if you can't figure out how to use an OpenSSH public key to authenticate your access to a serial console, I refer you to linode or slicehost. I freely admit I am unprepared to support those users, and probably could not do so at my current prices. And my competitors are good; I haven't heard anything bad about either one. Sure, I could have more customers if I had an easier way to control your VPS than a ssh-based console, but at what cost? People who know Linux are pretty easy to support, once you give them (standard linux) tools. There are enough people who understand (sometimes even prefer) the standard linux tools to a web interface to support my business, so I say, why not offer them a service at a price that reflects the lower cost of supporting those users? (right now my big problem is provisioning; that is, if you want to add services, you need to wait for an employee of prgmr.com to help. But most everything else, the user can do without my help.) I think forcing your support people to stay on the line with rude or difficult customers is a good way to burn out your support people. I think having a liberal but well-defined money back guarantee makes doing support quite a bit easier. Keeping good customer support people is hard - I think losing the most difficult 2% of customers is a small price to pay to keep good support people for the rest of your customers. And really, I'm not in the business of tricking people into giving me money. If we aren't what you expected, then yeah, I'm happy to give you a refund. for small companies, especially, the complexity matters as much as the rate. I know I've had months where I spent more money calculating the tax than I ended up paying in tax. what is going to happen to twitter when they can't find a 'greater fool' to give them money? I disagree strongly. If you have ever looked at 'enterprise' software, it's generally crap. have you ever tried to use remedy? it looks like something I wrote when I got my hands on my dad's copy of FoxPro as a 14 year old. People tolerate bugs if you are a big guy marketing to other big guys. middle management would rather do what everyone else is doing (and thus not get fired when it breaks) even if what everyone else is doing is clearly worse than some other product. they have no incentive to choose the better product, and a strong incentive to do what everyone else is doing. Heck, even in the consumer market, crap is tolerated if it's big. look at the downtime twitter has. On the other hand, when you are first starting out, people expect to write you off as incompetent. And they will, quickly, if they see a misstep. I would argue that people expect more out of small and or new companies. Maybe they should; there are many inefficiencies inherent to the standard corporation model. You need to be extremely good at marketing (or at least, have a whole lot of it) to overcome a significant technical disadvantage. I mean, it can be done, but it takes a lot of marketing muscle. I think most people are better served by focusing on what they are good at. Sure, your company will always have to do some marketing, if nothing else, you need to somehow let your users know 'hey, product X exists. it does Y." You will also have to create a product of some sort. if you have more marketing muscle, then sure, squeeze out some fetid failure of a product that crashes every other day, and that requires a re-install every 6 months. market the heck out of it, and you can win. but you know? without a huge amount of marketing muscle, that won't work. If you don't have much by way of marketing skills, produce a good product. Sure, you still have to market it, but marketing it becomes much easier, because once one person sees it, she is going to tell five others how great it is. so yeah, marketing and technical competence are substitutable to a degree. I disagree strongly with the thesis that one is way more important than the other. To take an example from the article, sure, fogbuz is beating out other bug trackers that are about as good, that don't have good marketing. If fogbuz was not about as good as those other bug trackers, though, significantly more marketing muscle would have been required. I think why marketing seems more important at the top end of the market (that is, it's easy to name examples of technical superiority being trumped by marketing) is that it is easier to scale marketing, if you are a large company, than to scale technical competence. Even then, it makes sense to do a cost/benefit and say 'if we diverted x percent of the marketing dollars to dev, how much more good word of mouth would we get?' or 'if we divert x dollars from development to marketing, how many brand new customers in new markets would we get?' This is ignoring that 'figure out what the user wants' is generally considered part of marketing, and is often an important part of building something worth having. (it doesn't need to be... you can start with 'what would be best for the user' - assuming that you can design something the user can not imagine, that the user would like once they see it because it works better. Both are valid places to start building a product.) there is another starting point for 1. 1. identify a problem you can solve better than anything else on the market. If everyone is using square wheels, build a round one, even if people aren't asking for it. Sure, sometimes you loose with a superior product. But it's a pretty big advantage to have. how about rss feeds on my blog? email? Yeah. I am at the Hacker Dojo here in mountain view right now. http://hackerdojo.pbworks.com/ - it's shaping up to be pretty nice. The bay area is the center of the universe, well, for my people. I think living here and needing a part-time job to pay the bills (part-time jobs pay twice as much here as anywhere else, btw) is a better choice than moving to the midwest, or even Sacramento. the SF bay area has enormous quality of life advantages for the common nerd, when compared to anywhere else I've lived.(granted, which only includes other parts of the US.) - but just on a personal level, being a nerd is a very lonely thing most places, and that loneliness gets distracting after a while. In the bay area, you are no longer weird or different. Hell, I can walk down the street to the hacker dojo, and be the dumbest guy in a room full of people (well, maybe not the dumbest, but certainly below average. My point is that in the central valley, it was pretty rare to meet others with my mental abilities. The bay area teaches me humility.) I think this might have something to do with the disparity in wages; standards are just higher around here. Yeah, you pay more for a person, but the pool from which you can hire is so much richer. if you can choose good people, you can get better deals in the bay area than most other places. hm. I wonder.. how much of why they want to shut down is the hosting costs? it seems like the perfect sort of business for a "Host me for the publicity" deal. I'd be more than happy to give them hosting just for the bragging rights, and I'm sure many of my competitors would also be interested. I am very sad that google seems to have killed historical nntp search; back when it was dejanews, it was the place to find info from greybeards. depending on what you are doing (and who you can hire, and what you can charge for your time) I think working part-time sometimes makes a lot of sense. it's hard to encourage your customers to become resellers without looking like some shady herbalife-like MLM scam. Also, vibram is an established brand; I have horribly flat feet and prefer large and heavy boots with industrial-strength arch supports over running flats, but when I go to buy boots, I look for the yellow vibram logo. I don't think I've bought a pair of boots without vibram soles in the last 10 years. The idea is that they don't need to use shady marketing practices; they have a good reputation and innovative products. does 400wpm really count as speed reading? christ. much slower than that and you are moving your lips. do you think Herbalife is not shady? I think the shady part of herbalife is the MLM, not the placebo they are selling. GNC sells plenty of placebos, and they don't seem to be shady. I guess it's a matter of opinion, but it seems to me that if you have to pay for good word of mouth, then maybe your product isn't so great after all. Nice article. I should pass it along to everyone who tells me I need to raise prices and spend more on marketing. Edit: I mean, I see the 'don't focus on value, focus on perceived value' attitude every day, and I find it irritating. that's not the business I want to be in. I'm pretty happy with the current profitability of my company. Sure, I could double or so, and I'd be much happier, but I think there is value to trying to provide a product that is of the same quality as the competition, but at a lower price. Commodities are good things. I think it is reasonable to focus on building something better rather than on selling something better, and ultimately, a 'commodity' service is far better for the consumer than something proprietary. this is, I believe, what will eventually bring google low. so long as the search results are more relevant than the ads, people will choose the search results when they are looking for things. If google starts nerfing search, they will eventually be overtaken by the competition. It is not inherently deceptive. You can take out ads that point out your faults, if you like. (Actually, I've found that publicly discussing my faults works fairly well. Chris and I were talking about printing up shirts saying something like "I HEAR SLICEHOST AND LINODE HAVE EXCELLENT SUPPORT" and 'prgmr.com brand Xen VPS service, we don't assume you are stupid' on the back... but we backed down 'cause we have no idea what the legal ramifications of naming competitors in an advertisement is.) On the other hand, advertising is usually, if not deceptive, at least not in the consumers best interest. If you click on a product link from google vs clicking on the search result, the cost for the company is quite a bit higher. It could be argued that the advent of good search engines obsoletes advertising. Why am I still advertising then? I'm trying to have people think "Oh, I've heard of them" - which is a little bit like credibility. Most people think of slicehost as a old company, and prgmr.com as a new one. This tells me that I want more people to know I exist now. (Granted, I was doing dumb shit like running used hardware until after slicehost was established; you could make a convincing argument that I wasn't worth using until late 2007/early 2008, and slicehost is definitely more established and they won't have the kinds of problems prgmr.com will if one guy gets hit by a bus.) And yeah, spending the time on advertising is probably not in my customer's best interest; there's lots of things I could be building instead. (and there's no way I'm outsourcing my advertising. Most marketing people and I have very different definitions of the word deceptive. Also, in a very real way, I am prgmr.com. I know what image I want, and you could even argue that I know better how to reach my target market than most marketing people do.) Now, personally, I think that the most personal advertising is often the worst in this regard. You can bet that if you talk to a salesperson, that person is getting a large chunk of what you are paying. Good salespeople are expensive. It's fairly common for affiliate programs in my industry to give half the expected revenue. This brings us to the other thing I find irritating about marketing. Variable pricing. I buy the exact same product as the guy next to me, but sometimes what we pay varies as much as 75%. Even if I negotiate to the sellers cost, that negotiation is adding a lot to the cost of the service, both in terms of my time, and in terms of the seller's negotiator's time. But try buying large chunks of bandwidth without negotiation. I do my best to list all prices on my website. It doesn't make any sense to give a discount to customers who spend more of my time negotiating. they are costing me more, so why should I charge them less? I mean, I'm always happy to get feedback on pricing, especially if some of my prices are out of whack with regard to the market, but my margins would need to be a lot higher (read: I would need to charge you more) if I had to negotiate price with every customer. the reason why many of us charge by the hour is that it requires less negotiation. When is the project 'done'? a flat rate contract requires a lot of work up front to define things that might be better defined after you are most of the way done. Hourly rates make last minute changes simple, and mean that you don't have to argue if it's a last minute change or not. it also means that the employer bears more of the risk if the work is harder than originally imagined. (Now, I also agree with your points about why charging a flat rate is better; I'm just pointing out that there are also reasons why charging an hourly rate is better.) CPU is one of the easiest things to throttle in Xen. there's no reason why the provider should care at all that you are running as much cpu as they let you. Proper use of the credit scheduler means this happens without administrator intervention. You can also gracefully limit disk bandwidth and network bandwidth from the dom0, without ever getting a shell in the DomU. xm sched-credit -d username -w 10 would have solved the CPU problem without doing anything more than slowing down the heavy user. Giving each guest a single CPU rather than all CPUs on the box also helps a lot. In fact, if your 'bad' user bought the same percentage of the box as everyone else, if you left the weights at their default levels, that user would get approximately their fair share of CPU. Tip: if you don't dedicate a core to the Dom0, you will have problems if anyone else uses much cpu, disk, or network. If you want to do the same for network, simply use tc: http://wiki.xen.prgmr.com/xenophilia/2008/06/traffic-shaping... - if your problem is disk, use ionice: http://wiki.xen.prgmr.com/xenophobia/2008/06/using-ionice1-t... The whole point of providing Xen instances is that I don't want to muck around in your instance. It pisses you off, and it wastes my time. That's why I'm using xen, and not OpenVZ or some other glorified chroot. From the point of view of a provider, handling everything within the Dom0 not only makes customers more comfortable, it's also less work for you, the provider. Personally, I think freezing the domain is preferable to logging in and killing a (likely rather important) process. But then, the discussion is academic. I've never had to shut down a domain to prevent heavy legitimate or runaway process use from harming other users. I have shut down many domains to stop abuse, but that's a very different thing. If you want to examine a compromised disk, you are best off doing so booting off of read-only media then carefully examining the compromised partition, so you want it shut down anyhow. I have used 'project wonderful' as an advertiser to great success. It's extremely transparent. http://www.projectwonderful.com/ It's really big with the webcomics people Speaking as an advertiser, I would love nothing more than to have 10,000 economically pinched nerds see a banner ad for my service, as I target the price sensitive consumer. My strategy with advertising is more to say "hey, look at me, I exist" Once you know I exist, the price differences between my competitors and I give you enough reason to research me a bit more, and perhaps give me a try. So personally, I care more about cost per impression than cost per click. Heh. this is the second time I've suggested 'project wonderful' - but as an advertiser it meets my needs exactly, except that it seems to be more popular with the webcomic set than the 'nerd news' set. there are other ad networks. uh, look at my other comments. Personally, I think you are right that 'cost per click' and 'cost per impression' are both easy to game. The auction model, I think, might mean the beginning of a better way. Essentially, advertisers bid on what they are willing to pay per day. (now, personally, I think project wonderful's implementation is slightly flawed, but it is moving in the correct direction.) I've been hearing many cries of 'Google is the only game in town' and it's simply not true. As an advertiser, I love project wonderful, and I wish more advertisers would use project wonderful. Personally, I think the auction model project wonderful uses works fairly well http://www.projectwonderful.com/abouttheinfiniteauction.php it's not perfect, nothing ever is, but I think it meets my needs (and resists fraud) better than either the cost per click or cost per impression model. just my $0.02, but personally I really, really like having my name attached to my comments. In fact, if I could get it to say "Luke S. Crawford" that would be even better. (but I know most people wouldn't like that) So -1 anything that would obscure my name more than a handle with a link to my profile does. hm. I regret not leaving high school earlier (I passed one of the 'equivalancy' tests in my Jr. year.) But at the time I was living with my parents and, well, highschool is not fun. I would have been better off with another year working full time during the .com boom. If I were in your position, if my living expenses were taken care of I'd kick back and take it easy with regard to the classes, and if I felt ambitious, I'd build a free webapp. Hosting is so cheap these days, there is no real need to worry about making money off it if your food and rent is covered, and the job market is a little bit difficult right now, so being able to say "I wrote well-known site X while in college" would help a lot. eh, if you are a content provider, the question is "who pays more" - I can't answer that question. but eh, if you have a popular site, I don't think what advertisers are willing to pay varies that much. I know most of the sites I advertise on, I saw the site first, then I tried to figure out how to get an ad on the site. that, and I think the time-based auction model is less vulnerable to fraud than charging on total impressions or clickthroughs. Hopefully other ad networks will copy that model. Am I being too spamish? I thought I was within the standards for behavior on HN. But that's not what you are asking. I don't have a direct financial interest in this; but as someone who buys ads, I do hope that more sites use the 'time based auction' model of advertising, as it fits well with the way I advertise. See, when I buy advertising, I want to say "Hey, look, I exist" I think my prices provide a compelling argument to research my company further, and I think that many people who need what I'm selling, upon researching my company, will find me to be a good value (or at least worth a try.) I don't expect people to click through a banner ad and buy what I am selling during that session. Also, I want to make the point that google is not the only choice in this market. Without competition, google will stagnate like any other monopoly. (Or maybe I am just cheesed at google because they bought dejanews, but no longer allow you to search much of the historical NNTP archive. ) I'm wondering how I could attach one of these to my forearm. I've got a nokia n810, and it is a nice device, but I've not found a reasonably decent holster for it. (personally, I think for portable computing devices like this, 'draw time' is key to usefulness. If I've got to dig it out of a bag, I might as well whip out a laptop.) hah. Yeah. The hacker news crowd is subtly different from a purely technical crowd, in that posts like this are Okay. Actually, I think hacker news, and the culture around it helped me to develop a healthy attitude towards marketing. (If you had known me a few years back, well, I had an extremely negative attitude towards marketing, something that isn't particularly healthy for a business owner.) One of these days, though, once I get myself setup with some cheap storage, I'm going to start archiving non-binary NNTP groups, and setup historical NNTP search. nntp-> email gateways, I think, are also one of the better ways of making mailing lists searchable. block level checksumming. http://storagemojo.com/2007/09/19/cerns-data-corruption-rese... If you have never lost a file system, I'm guessing you haven't had very many. Also, ZFS gracefully handles cheap disk. RAID cards don't handle the case where you are using consumer grade disk and it retries for hours rather than failing. (I recently tested this on a rather nice 3ware 9550SX. It handled the problem no better than linux md. Performance was worse on the 3ware, too. I'm sending it back.) I am personally switching to 'enterprise' (read, 20% more cost for 30% less capacity) sata just so I get drives that actually fail rather than retrying when they are failed. And this is ignoring the 'silent corruption' issue the CERN guys were on about. Block level checksumming fixes that too. Also, cheap snapshots are awesome. LVM snapshots work, and they can save your ass in a pinch, but they are expensive performance-wise. In my case, where I'm pushing my disk to it's performance limits already, LVM snapshots are nearly unusable. ZFS snapshots, I understand, have almost zero performance overhead. (space is cheap. Performance, not so much.) Yeah, I have 2 wd 'black' consumer grade drives fixed with WDTLER paired with some seagate ES drives right now. (I mix makes to avoid firmware plagues) I read that WDTLER only works on 1TB and smaller drives. I will have to find some 1.5TB WD drives and experiment. As for the relation to ZFS, it is supposed to timeout ill-behaving consumer drives like this. In fact, from what I understand, you can configure ZFS's behavior, for example, to fail the first drive that times out, and then hang on the second drive (which would perhaps be a reasonable configuration for a ZRAID volume) Many successful people, when trying to be modest or polite will attribute much of their success to luck. How much of that is modesty? I don't know, but in this case, the guy is clearly being humble and letting the reporter talk him up. why? Turing made an 'above and beyond' contribution to his country, and really, to the world. It seems to me like the government should go out of it's way, in an 'above and beyond' sort of way to apologize for repaying that contribution with shit. Unless you are good at sales, focus on 1. provide a product with a compelling, obvious, and objective advantage over the competition. (either better or cheaper, but preferably both.) You don't have to be better in every way, just obviously and objectively better in some way. 2. let people know you exist. Seriously, this is the way to 'scale' sales. Face-to-face selling is excessively expensive, and best left to the professionals. Personally, in person I usually end up talking up my competitors. For example, I always say I've heard good things about slicehost. Slicehost sells a directly comparable product, and my advantage over them is obvious, dramatic, and objective. Other than price, though, I haven't heard anything bad about them. If you need to co-locate high-power boxes, or rent high CPU but low-ram boxes, I like rippleweb.com. Rippleweb charges something like $80 for each rack unit of space, no matter how much power you use. So if you have a 1u box with 2 CPUs, (likely eating more than 200w) rippleweb is cheaper than I am for co-location. (I happen to know that rippleweb has significantly lower power costs than I do. And Raphael is pretty good.) If you do have a low-volume, high-margin product without sales skills, I'd suggest getting a hired gun. Do you think you can compete with a professional on sales? Do you think a professional salesguy could compete with you when it comes to programming after reading a few books? I personally don't use a reseller program or commissioned sales folks, first, because I have a low margin, high volume product, so giving someone 30%, while doable, would hurt some, and secondarily, because I have very specific ideas about what I want my image to be. And personally, I like the "I'm bad at marketing" image. Besides, I'm selling out about as fast as I can put servers up, even with my nearly zero effort marketing. and dealing with YUM breakage is? dealing with thousands of servers takes quite a bit of extra scripting, no matter what package management tools you use. I've used both slackware and RHEL, and while RHEL is super easy to manage when nothing goes wrong, slackware is a lot easier to fix when something does break. You should only use 75% of the rated capacity of a circuit, which means you have enough power to turn them all on at once. some of the more expensive managed power supplies also support a staggered power on after power fail. But I don't worry about it; only using 75% of the power circuit solves that problem for me. Actually, that's the problem with most NetAPP/EMC foo, too. they are way light on the cache. These guys only use 4GiB ram because they are saving money on the motherboard, I bet. Personally, if I were building it, I'd increase the cost by another grand or so and use dual low power opterons with 32GiB ram. (of course, that would also increase the space taken by the motherboard, so that would require some case redesigns. Still, opterons and registered ecc ddr2 are both incredibly cheap right now.) If the load is relatively sequential, then yeah. But if the load is mostly random, then there is an argument for having more cache. I know google hires some people who are better than me, but that doesn't mean the gmail system is better than something I could engineer.... For one thing, google needs to have a much lower cost per user than I do, forcing them to make some choices that I don't have to. I have no problem paying $50 a month for email service, and that level of cost per user would be untenable on a free email service. (I host most of my email myself, and I'm trading a free co-lo to mark perkel of junkemailfilter.com to do my filtering. between that and my time, I'd guess $50/month) The PDUs that support 'staggered power-on' are 'off the shelf' - if that is not an option (really, we're talking maybe $500 for each 20a circuit, retail) the next thing I'd do is set 'power on after power fail' to off, then have some remotely accessible way to trip the power button. (I'm working on a solution to that particular problem, but that's not 'off the shelf' - yeah, everything is on PDUs I can trip remotely, but there are reasons why it is much better to ungracefully reboot with the 'reset' jumper than to ungracefully reboot via cutting off the power.) from there it would be easy enough to have an automated process turn on servers one at a time. you might also want to check out coraid. it's at a similar price point. http://www.coraid.com/PRODUCTS/SR2421 - now, I've heard mixed experiences with it, and have no personal experience, but if you are talking about wiring up something yourself, it's definitely something to consider. Personally, I'm working on a system whereby I just fill up otherwise unused slots on my chassis and use that for backup. The system isn't done yet, but I've got 6 disks out there waiting for me to figure it out. as for the firmware 'bug' - yeah, they fixed that one, However, consumer sata disks are still not something you want in most raid systems. See, a consumer disk, when it encounters an unrecoverable error, retries over and over, hanging your raid until you fail the bad drive by hand. (tested on a 3ware hardware raid and with MD. I am given to understand that zfs handles this in a sane manner.) Western digital allows you to change the behavior, search for WDTLER, but in general. I'm sure the backblaze folks have built something that handles that sort of thing into the system, but just saying; it's something you have to think about before you slap consumer drives into a raid that needs to keep working when one drive fails. But 3 jbod takes more space than raid5- in terms of disk cost, that's worse than raid10, zraid, or mirroring. The enterprise drives are maybe 20%-30% more expensive than consumer disk, while replicating your data 3 times is 50% more expensive than a mirror or raid 10. Zfs, if it does deal with consumer drives as well as it claims to, would solve the problem at the same disk space cost as raid5. One solution I'm looking at is essentially mirrored raid5 over iscsi but it gets around your raid card single point of failure; the idea is that I have 2 zfs boxes (to begin/for testing these are OpenSolaris xen guests that control the spare drive slots I have in boxes that are primarily doing other things.) on each of those, i zraid the available drives. I then export iscsi luns of some standard size. The client box takes an iscsi lun from each opensolaris box and mirrors them with whatever software raid stack the client likes. The big win here is caching... each of the opensolaris boxes can be using write-back caching, because all data is mirrored to the other opensolaris box. much like a NetAPP or EMC with dual heads, I don't have to worry about disk inconsistencies caused by write-back cache unless both drives fail. (of course, your 'real' dual-headed SAN will switch to write-through caching if one head dies, and doesn't require a full rebuild when the other head comes back online, but I can't afford a 'real' dual-headed SAN.) Rebuild times, I imagine, will be quite significant. Now, I am very leery of the performance of this system (being as these are xen instances, it wouldn't surprise me if it was unsuitable for anything but tape replacement) but I haven't tried yet. It seems, though that it would work just fine if I was not too cheap to use real hardware. If you wanted to add complexity, you could have 3 or more of these opensolaris boxes, and use software raid5 on the client to save space. raid5 sucks hard when a drive fails, you are right. But, see, for me, what I need is something that can be mounted as a block device by a xen DomU. Something that performs reasonably well. On top of that, I am kindof dumb compared to the sort of person I'd want writing my block device drivers. I want to take well-tested, open-source software components and plug them together in a clear manner. I don't know of anything off the shelf that will give me a filesystem with reasonable performance on a '3 jbod' system, unless you mean running md in a raid1 with 3 drives. (I'm actually doing that on my more remote servers; the idea is that I can wait longer before replacing a bad disk.) The system I proposed above is basically that you can export drives that may fail to clients, who can then do their own redundancy. Because the drive is specified as 'may fail' write-back caching may be utilized. (God, ram has become cheap.) The client, in my case, will be the Dom0 of the DomU that wants the space, but if I was selling this space to random people on the internets, it seems that the client could be some box running md that treats it's iscsi devices syncronously, meaning it waits for the write to return from both MD devices before it returns it's write. If the intermediary client device did no caching at all, it seems that I may be able to setup IP failover. (though that part... sounds dangerous. I'd need to be very careful with 'fencing' it or what have you, so that the two nodes were not active at once.) wow. why do investors put up with this? others have made good points (too much text/text too small, also, you need a funny punchline.) I have something to add, though; how does this fit into the rest of your branding? I mean, lately I've been getting a whole lot of customers. The other day, some guy on twitter pointed me out as 'an excellent example of niche branding.' Now, Personally, I chose my style (that is, the minimal theme, figlet instead of graphics) because I have no taste, but it is a consistent style that I maintain across my website, advertisements, business cards, and even T shirts. hah. see, I go further; I can't even tell you what looks good. (I mean, I can tell you what I like, but that is something entirely different.) The thing is, to hire a designer, I would need to outsource the 'look and feel' to someone else. I mean, your logo needs to fit with the rest of your site; my logo generated in figlet would look horribly out of place on a web 2.0 'rounded edges' website. Instead, I have found some minimal css that appears to be under an open license, and busted out with 'figlet' for everything else. No rounded boxes, but I certainly have a look that is both unique and consistent. And I find it aesthetically pleasing. I was tickled pink today by someone on twitter commenting that I was an excellent example of 'niche branding' He even called me a 'cli webhost' so it sounded like maybe he knows something about advertising or art. The difference is that a non-expert (such as myself) probably has a rough idea what div means. To know article is actually a div, I'd have to make sure there wasn't a valid html tag. Yeah. that's my thought. I'm at a couple racks now, but I want a solution that will scale beyond that. Thing is, to be honest, the coraid crap will probably be more reliable (and cheaper if you include my time) than stuff I build myself for the first few units, until I learn what I'm doing, but long-term, I could be significantly better off if my idea works as planned, as my units are potentially much cheaper and have a whole lot more cache (and cache redundancy) than the coraid. On the other hand, if I handle the 'beta' poorly, like taking it out of beta early, there won't be a long term to worry about. Virtual private servers, yes. I use Xen. And I agree, giving the user 2 block devices and expecting them to mirror is a very bad idea. I know this from experience. in an earlier setup, I'd give each user two block devices, one from each disk in the box. the idea being the user would mirror or not as appropriate. well, you loose a customers data, you loose the customer. Lesson learned. But this is where my virtual setup gives me an edge. On every Xen server, I have a control guest or driver domain, the dom0. all disk and net I/O goes through the dom0 anyhow, so there wouldn't be much more overhead to me doing the mirroring on the Dom0, and passing the md through to the DomU (what the user controls.) I'm not adding another point of failure, either; if the dom0 chokes, all guests on the system will crash regardless. you are crazy. but it sounds like fun. if you make it to silicon valley be sure to check out the hacker dojo in mountain view: http://hackerdojo.pbworks.com/ Do start a website, and make sure you give your sponsors plenty of publicity. But make the project cool. If I wasn't spending every penny I can on hardware, (or if I wasn't selling out faster than I can get new servers up) I'd buy some advertising. As it is, I'd be happy to give you some hosting, if you don't have any, and if you make it down here I'll buy or make you dinner. You should pitch it as "I'm doing this really cool thing, and I think you are really interesting and would add something cool to the project" which should be true. Be aware that respondents will be motivated both by being part of something cool, but mostly by the publicity. But then, it's not good publicity unless it's cool, right? You probably want to setup the website and build some excitement ahead of time. so go out and make something cool. then focus on the less established. there are plenty of really interesting businesses in the 'exchange goods and/or services for money' category that have zero chance (and sometimes less interest) of getting venture capital. Even those that get seed capital are usually interested in talking with interesting people... and if you do this right you will end up with a lot of contacts, and thus be a very valuable person, even without publicity. There is a lot of value to be had in saying "oh, I talked to this other guy last week who was doing something that would complement your product or service." what does s3 charge for transfer? $0.10 per gigabyte? I bet that covers much of the data center costs. from what I understand the coraid systems are plan9-based, and only have a gigabyte of cache ram. If I only needed one I'd seriously consider it, as my time, for setting up one unit and working out the kinks, would unquestionably be more than that, and they have quite a bit of experience working out the problems by now, even if I made my system redundant, their system would unquestionably be more reliable the first iteration. However, I plan on needing a bunch more, so it probably makes sense for me to roll my own, work out the kinks, and hopefully end up with something cheaper that has a lot more cache. and? it makes sense. sure, for a server every now and again, ec2 is hard to beat. But if you use a few servers all the time, well, it's a whole lot cheaper to build and host your own. learn a version control. If get/svn is to complex, use rcs. Really, if I was learning today I would start with git. But what you choose does not really matter. Learn a revision control system. be gentile, but firm. Don't lie to him, but don't be an asshole or act like it's all his fault. The valley is very small. Like it or not, this guy will be the face of your company for some time to come. You will almost certainly work with someone else who knows that person in the future. Personally, when I have to fire someone, the way I see it, it was primarily my mistake. I chose the wrong person for the job. I mean, I'm still going to let them go, but I do it with the attitude that it was me who screwed up. you never want to fire someone in anger. the valley is small. Now, I'm not saying you shouldn't fire the guy. If he's not working out, and you don't fire him, it can sink the company. But the valley is small. there is no benefit to making him an enemy, and a non-zero chance it will hurt you significantly. At svtix, a tier3 data center in downtown san jose, Not at the top end of the price scale, but not at the bottom, I can get 2 20a 120v circuits (4800w, that's 3360 usable.) and a full locking rack for around $1100 a month. I can buy two or three racks full of power. If I wanted to pull a gig connection to another nearby data center, say, because I couldn't get more at svtix, we are talking something like $500-$1000 a month, depending on how badly I get screwed by my poor negotiation skills. Just sayin, at those prices, it takes a long time to amortize out a six figure appliance. you have a very good point that you pay much higher prices (or just massively overbuy, which is similar) if you want guaranteed capacity right now, right were you are. My model is such that it's not that big of a deal to just get an unconnected rack at a new data center and buy transit there. When I was blocked on new power at SVTIX, I slapped a few new servers in at rippleweb.com, which is in Sacramento. If I had a big, expensive san I couldn't replicate, well, then I'd have a different model. (rippleweb has awesome prices on high-power 1U server co-location, but it's not as good as getting a full rack elsewhere.) But yes, the observation that you pay more if you want your stuff provisioned right now is very correct. At prgmr.com, well, I wait for the deals, so I end up paying a lot less than I would otherwise. (but then, sometimes the 'we are out of space, come back later' message is up for longer than I'd like, as well. It's definitely a compromise.) You would have to do work (either 'etherchannel' or similar bonding, or load balance requests over 2 IPs) but in theory, if you had a high-bandwidth bus like pci-express, you should be able to get more bandwidth out of a chassis by adding more ethernet cards. Me, I would add more cache at the same time. SATA tends to be really good for sequential, but be really, really bad for random. multiple sequential streams hitting the same disk start to look an awful lot like random access after a while. yeah, cooling systems are designed to handle a certain amount of heat per square foot. Most of the he.net locations around here can only handle 1 15a 120v circut per rack. That's 5 low-power dual-socket servers for a full-sized rack. When I'm buying data center space I look at cost per watt and ignore the space requirements. I've not yet hit a place that was willing to sell me more power than I could use in a rack. If the space is low/medium density, I fill it with 2 or 3u chassis (I'm currently using http://supermicro.com/products/chassis/3U/833/SC833S2-550.cf... because I got a good deal on a lot of them.) If it looks like they will sell me more power than I can eat with those, I pop in a few of the supermicro 2 in 1u boxes: http://www.supermicro.com/Aplus/system/1U/1021/AS-1021TM-T+.... This is part of why you see so many people leaving airspace between 1u servers. (me, I use the 3u servers for 'air gaps' as they run really cool.) I went with the reseller I did at svtix, primarily because they were upfront enough to list prices on their website. http://egihosting.com - I don't want to spend time fucking around over price, and I'm sure you don't want me to waste your time. Post the price, and I'll buy it or I won't. Seriously, If you say you want six figures for your product, I'm walking. I don't have that kind of scratch, and I'm not going to waste your time or my time lowballing you. If you really mean $30K, well, I'd have to scrimp and save for a few months, but it's doable if the product really does solve more than $30K worth of problems for me. yeah, many people selling, for example, bandwidth also try to keep prices secret; as far as I can tell it's nothing more than an effort to make the market less efficient. Unlimited works great, as long as you are okay with the provider prohibiting anything that might actually use a lot of bandwidth. hah. coolest cards ever. (not particularly practical, but business cards often are not.) most SSDs are the standard 2.5" form factor and have the standard sata interface. I just bought a ssd and swapped out the hard drive. (In fact, the drive is still in the garage; it has the windows install the laptop came with, so I can use it to, for example, activate my 3g modem. The modem works fine under Linux, it just needs to be activated.) Whatever happened to 'hybrid' hard drives? it seems like you could get a big win if the drive reorders writes in the cache, but it sounds like hybrid drives were mostly a flop. see, we are the singularity. It's happening now. It started with the printing press. I can't imagine what this world would seem like to someone born 100 years. I bet we will see that kind of rapid change in the next 50 years; then 25.... I mean, this has been happening for a long time now. /humans/ are the machine that can make better copies of itself that can make better copies of itself. Edit: this has been happening since before the printing press... but I think the printing press was the beginning of our rapid acceleration. well, you need to measure productivity. One way to measure it is income. I've had close to 30% or so on average if you say I started working at 15 for $4/hr, and I'm 29 now; I can get $150/hr for some short-term work that is within my core skillset. Of course, I'm about half that for longer-term work. still, if you only count my 'long term' work rate, I've got 15%, and I imagine it's not that difficult to be twice as good at improving as I am. Now, most of my efforts are focused on my business... from here, it's quite possible that I will have another few 'good years' where my income shoots up a lot. (the last 100% year I remember was when I got my first programmer/SysAdmin gig at 17.) So yeah, I think 30% is possible. I think it's going to be hard, and would require an exceptional person, but I think it's possible. edit: my point is that as I age, I become more focused on improving the things that I want to (and that I think I can) improve. I'm no longer spending time learning what others think i should learn. I don't know how many hours I wasted on handwriting, or learning how to play the piano, or other things that parents or others wanted for me as a child. I'm a rather different person than I was at 25. I'm starting to get the hang of bending my environment to suit my needs rather than bending myself to the environment. My crazy ideas are 'ramen profitable' now. That's a big step up from just talking about and occasionally implementing crazy ideas, then getting bored and doing something else. My income between 25 and 29 went up almost 30% a year. Now, part of that was that my income barely changed at all from 21-25, see, I was born in '80. Few people in our industry did well those years. I mean, right now I'm starting to learn some of the social skills and "responsibility" I skipped when I blew off school to play in the .com boom. Massive productivity increases there (maybe not in terms of coding, but in terms of getting things done, it's definitely worth something.) I still feel unfinished, like I'm still a child. There is a lot left to learn. My body has begun to go downhill, I mean, I can't stay up all night drinking mtn dew like I used to, but that presents it's own, possibly productivity enhancing challenges. Apparently the retna in one eye is detaching. I mean, the doctor did something with a laser, and it's under control, but from what I understand, if you've got one eye with a detaching retna, it's much more likely that your other eye is going to fail same way. So one of my next projects is to learn how to use audio output from a computer as a blind person does. I figure if my eyes don't fail it, well, I've got another output device, and possibly the beginnings of a discrete wearable computer. And if they do, if I can still use a computer, I'll get a driver and carry on as usual. (ugh, I actually spent a bunch of time over the last two days going over my backups trying to find one of those abandoned projects from when I was 25. I've got some email from the era, but I don't seem to have the code.) yup, I'm on crack. Ignore me. you've got to be careful with that, though. A long time ago I was writing software to help people sell books. I got mired down in actually selling books, and the software itself never became very good. indeed. I didn't do the math much past now, and the income curve supports the '30% productivity growth, compounded yearly is unsustainable for 60 years' thesis, even for bill gates. I wonder what the legal implications of wearing a wire all the time are? 'cause it would actually help me out quite a bit, at least if there was a way for me to easily add tags (or otherwise make it search able) isn't this what they said about japan in the 80's? I mean, I'm not saying you are wrong, but I'm just saying that last time this happened we ended up buying our stuff back for pennies on the dollar. where are you hosted? Also, at 8GiB each, I assume you are using single-socket servers. How come you aren't using dual-socket servers? my experience has been that it's cheaper per gigabyte ram, per watt power, and per core. are you sure that renting a 8GiB single socket server would cost $400 a month? I wasn't able to rent any at half that price. Hell, I haven't been able to rent 8 core 32GiB ram servers for that much. http://book.xen.prgmr.com/mediawiki/index.php/Servers_of_opp... - not one bite at that price. (I've rented a bunch at high setup/low monthly deals... but I'm not doing that anymore. It makes more sense to split them up and sell them as virtual private servers) speaking as someone who has personally built several hundred servers over the years, and who has managed several tends of thousands of servers for others, I would argue that there is a sort of 'reverse economy of scale' operating in the hardware market. Now, I'm on the technical side of things except at my own company, where I am everything, so my views on what the 'enterprise' pays are second hand, that is, what the boss tells me when I tell him that 'x amount of ram would solve your problem, and would be cheaper than the Y days of sysadmin time we are spending on it'. But these are my impressions: Unlike the desktop market, all the large-scale server VARs have a 'sliding scale' where the larger you are, the more you pay. And even if you pay 'small business' rates to dell for your servers (which are much lower than 'enterprise' rates, from what I see) you still end up paying 3x-4x what I pay buying the parts and building the server itself. Even if I charge you $500 for building the server (which is gouging, but if you wanted support, that's probably what I'd ask.) I could sell you a 32GiB ram, 8 core 2.2Ghz shanghai for $2000 before disk. For another grand I could build you the same server with 64GiB ram. Compare that to anything from dell. edit: I don't actually sell anything that isn't a 'service' so I don't have a retail license. when I build people servers, I have them buy the parts, then I charge them a fee for labor and support. from what I've seen, you get DCS at the 'few hundred servers a year' range, and they are still way more expensive than the parts + my theoretical $500 assembly charge. (granted, they are still a better idea than building it yourself without ESD protection.) I don't negotiate, I'm just going on what the boss told me the things cost. And cost per server matters a lot, I mean, my entire business model is predicated on the idea that I can get registered ecc ddr2 ram for $20/gigabyte, and that I can cram a whole lot of it in a server. when I try to recommend similar things to a client who pays more for ram, my model just doesn't work. I think avoiding products that you must buy through salespeople is another good defense... Assuming the same good is sold by two companies, if one requires you to dicker over a price with a professional, it costs them much more to provide you the service than it costs the other company, who just puts a price on the website. uh, there's some perl CPAN modules that do that. a long time ago I wrote a little thingr to simulate 'if my program had been buying/selling stocks in this manner from date x to date y, at commission z, how much would I make/lose?' - I used the CPAN modules which pulled from yahoo, I think. it was pretty simple stuff. ah yes, here: Finance::QuoteHist http://search.cpan.org/~msisk/Finance-QuoteHist-1.12/lib/Fin... check it out. if you don't like perl, I'm sure you can pull it apart and figure out where it gets the data. ah. thanks. Yeah. My setup is very bare bones, and you do need a SysAdmin. I am focusing on creating a flexible and inexpensive system where it is possible to do everything you want to do, before I'm going to spend time making a system that makes it easier to do specific things. For instance, I let you run any paravirtualized kernel you like, and you can change kernels without my help. (well, any kernel that works with pvgrub. I've not gotten OpenSolaris working with PVGRUB, though it seems to work on my systems with PyGRUB. ) Yeah, there are many customers who want an easy web-based control panel, and they are better off with linode or slicehost. There are many of us who prefer the command line, though. Scaling a support organization is very difficult, and it's much cheaper, easier, less stressful and more fun to support people who are willing to figure things out for themselves, so why not target those people, and pass on the savings? I'm ramen profitable now at 600 customers; if I double in size again, I'll be edging into the 'more money than I could hope to make from a salary job' range. So I don't need to target everyone. I'm happy in my niche. I'm trying to get something together so that you can build images and share them, like you can for ec2. (only I'm trying to do it with kickstart-like systems, rather than with images, which I think mitigates most of the trust issues. Usually kickstart-like systems result in much 'cleaner' systems; systems that are easier to upgrade.) Personally, I think the biggest weakness of prgmr.com right now is provisioning delay. I need to automate that (and really have no excuse for not doing so before now) as part of that, I need to setup a system where users can do automated 'network installs' of many systems. As for support, yea most of my competitors have better staff hours and better response times than I do. But then, I think I can say that I'm a little bit more experienced than most front-line tech support people. This is the usual small company/large company tradeoff. (and yes, I sleep about 30 minutes from the data center, but hey, you have a serial console, so I expect you to be able to figure most things out yourself.) that's hardcore. do you have a ridiculous excel macro to look up rates by county? and? I don't know about you, but I think I am reading the wrong book if the author is not better than I am at the subject at hand. heh. Yeah. well, my billing system is in no shape to do any sort of 'pull' based billing. using paypal helps keeps me out of a dreamhost-style billing disaster where I bill everyone for the next year all at once. I will set something up with paypal recurring payments, though, for those who want it. But I like to think that the people using my service are getting something out of it, you know? supporting legacy systems can be a huge amount of work. If you use whatever all the kids are using, setting up a LAMP system is trivial... seriously, apt-get install php5 should get you something that works in 90% of the cases, and it will be done before you have time to get a cup of coffee. But yeah. once you want something weird, well, then you've spent the afternoon recompiling source packages and tracking down security patches for obsolete libraries, or dicking around with some half-broken poorly-maintained third party repos. I mean, it's not that hard, if you have experience with autoconf and compiling stuff, but even so it's a few hours of dicking around, and after you are done, you feel like a moron 'cause you just spent three hours installing php. (granted, there may be a good repo with a well-maintained php4 package out there somewhere, but I'm paranoid, and generally am slow to trust 3rd party repos.) but then, php4 doesn't seem like it should be that weird. In fact, it should be just like apt-get install php4, but I just tried it and it doesn't work. E: Package php4 has no installation candidate so yeah. this is part of why I hate languages like python that aggressively break things that used to work when you upgrade. From what I remember of janitoring php, running php4 code on php5 usually worked just fine, though. I strongly suggest avoiding giving out equity except to people you trust. Sharing ownership is essentially marriage for the life and context of the company. (now, things are somewhat different if you have a heavy hitting, expensive legal team on hand. Or so I imagine.) As others have said, a domain name is probably not worth that much. I mean, once you have it, and you associate that with your brand in the eyes of the public, it's worth a lot. But it's your brand that matters, and right now, nobody associates the domain with your brand, so it's a simple matter to pick another domain. I mean, google.com? sure, the name is worth ridiculous sums now. But in '95? maybe $100. if that. I know this is just a stereotype, but if at all possible I would avoid doing business with a domain squatter. If I did need to do business with a domain squatter, I would assume that they would try to scam me, and act accordingly. I would never give a domain squatter the trust that comes with a percentage ownership in my company. I can't point you at a study, but I can tell you a bit about my costs. First, server cost varies wildly. seriously. I build something from parts, and I'll pay 1/3rd what dell charges, especially if you want more than 16GiB ram. Hell, even if you go with dell, often small, poor companies will pay 75% or less what larger, richer companies will pay. Second, unless you are huge (or a weirdo) and own the data center, your cooling cost is rolled into your power cost. I buy by the rack, and every co-lo has a per-rack (well, per-squarfoot, but we can think of it as per-rack if you are renting per-rack) limit on the number of circuits they sell you. But every watt you use in power becomes a watt of heat, no? so they charge you not only for the watt you pump into your server, but the two or three watts it will take to pump out. But as the person renting racks, you really only need to think about power, and the allowed power density. Maintenance of the cooling and power systems are included in the power/rack rental costs. so, let's use my co-lo: A full rack with 2x20A circuits is somewhere around $1100 a month (I mean, varies based on negotiation, how many racks, etc... but about.) Now, you really should only use 75% of a circuit's rated capacity, so this gives us 30A of 120v power. One of my 8-core low-power opterons, with 32GiB ram and 2 disks eats about two amps, so you can put 15 in a rack. That is $73/month/server for rack/power/cooling. A rack is around 40 rack units... so as you can see, you don't need to buy 1u servers. 2u and 3u servers stay cooler, and often you can pick up 2u and 3u server chassis on the cheap. (note, the he.net data centers sound cheap in comparison, as you can get a full rack for $600 a month, but they only give you 1 15a circuit, which is 11.25a, or 5 of my servers, a cost of $120 per server month.) Now, the servers set me back around $1500 each to build. (I'll build you one for $500, if you buy the parts. Pester me and I'll post my parts list sometime. But remember your ESD protection very important. pay the dell or HP tax if you are unable/unwilling to use paranoid ESD precautions.) If you use good parts and you don't fuck up the installation (I.E. you are careful with the wriststrap) the server will be very reliable for three years. (get rid of it after 3 years. you will be able to buy something twice as powerful that eats half the power.) But I'm getting sidetracked. Uh, yeah. so if you didn't fuck up, you shouldn't have to touch your servers for 3 years, except the hard drives. Hard drives fail. Always mirror. But still, if you mirror (and especially if you add a 3 disk mirror or a hot spare, disk is cheap) you don't need to actually touch the servers often. so, uh, not counting my knowledge costs, (which is a lot to set the thing up, but almost nothing ongoing, unless you fuck up the setup.) for a low-power, 8 core, 32GiB ram opteron with 2 disks, I've spent $1500 on hardware and $2628 on power/cooling/rackspace after 3 years. Now, you gotta figure labor. It's knowledge, really, more than labor you are paying for. If you have someone on staff who does this, that one person can handle a whole lot of hardware, especially if you get him or her a few lackies. But, uh, yeah. if you don't have that knowledge, well, yeah, you are better off overpaying to outsource your hardware to someone else. it also depends on how much hardware and co-lo knowledge you have. Usually it makes sense to go virtual until you need more than 8 or 16 gigs of ram/ 4 cores. after that, it usually makes sense to buy hardware. If you need a 32GiB ram/8 core box, and you rent, you usually end up paying 1/3rd to 1/5th the hardware cost every month, depending on how much you pay for hardware, which is something else that varies wildly. What you pay to co-lo a server, and what you pay for bandwidth also varies quite a lot. The important thing is to make sure you aren't locked in to one vendor. There is a lot of room for price competition in the server-outsourcing market, and you don't get any benefit from that if you let yourself become locked in to one vendor. edit: poorly worded "doesn't belong here" comment removed. My comment came from a place of arrogance, something that is wholly inappropriate when I'm talking with someone like you. Now, clearly, your opinion of what hacker news ought to be counts a lot more than mine, but I will explain my opinion anyhow. I am here because this site attracts a reasonable proportion of people who are better than I am (or, at least measurably better than I am at something.) My problem with the article was that it's a subject that anyone can talk about, with no real 'right' or 'wrong' answer. there's no provability. When speaking of politics or religion everyone has equal authority. Articles like this attract the sort of people who make slashdot mediocre, which is to say, everyone. I could write a few pages on childhood independence, and how that shaped me. But I don't know any more about it than the next guy over, so unless you have some personal interest in me, I don't think what I'd have to say would be interesting. The thing is, articles like this, where anyone can comment are inherently more popular, and will take over any site on which they are tolerated, because people like being the authority. I do it too. Hell, I'm doing it right now. The thing is, it's not very much fun reading someone write about something they know little about. depends on what you are selling, as a previous poster said, and who you are selling it to. My experience selling to computer nerds has been that we are a very rational and price-sensitive bunch. we shop around, and we want objective measures. Actual utility, much like truth during a court battle, is a big advantage. Sure, it's not overwhelming, but it helps a lot. If you are providing actual utility, your customers will do your marketing for you. Personally, I think the choice depends a lot on what you are good at. If you are good at marketing and have little technical and/or engineering skill, sure, you will get more out of marketing. But the opposite can work too. Personally, I'm always very amused by people telling me I should raise my prices. I started out selling FreeBSD jails (with an actual utility close to my current $8 product) for $40 each. I rented two. Switching to xen, then dramatically dropping my prices (well, and a few years of actually, you know, learning what I was doing) helped me a lot. Marketing is easy when you have obvious and objective advantages over competing products. You can yammer all day about this or that or the other, but if you can point at your price sheet and say 'hey, look- I'm kinda like that other guy, only 1/4th the price' well, for price sensitive customers, that's a difficult to refute reason to give you a shot, especially if the advantages your competitors cite for the price premium are not immediately testable. Differentiation is only in your interest if you are better at marketing (and/or have higher costs) than the competition. In my case, the competition is much better at marketing, and my costs are such that I can dramatically undercut them while making a profit, so it makes sense for me to just focus on providing a decent product while occasionally saying "Hey, look at me. I'm kindof like the competition, only 1/4th the price!" is it evil to try to charge as much as you can? I would argue no. Certainly, in the case where my product is limited, such as when I'm selling my time, I put effort into that. Is it evil to spend time trying to charge more for the same product rather than spending that time making a product that is worth more? maybe. It's certainly not admirable. I explained in a previous comment that I think not differentiating, and instead competing on price and value can be a good strategy, especially when industry margins are high. Oil is not the only source of energy. Granted, it is one of the most convenient, but one could use energy from a fission plant to extract oil sands, etc... If you don't care about the environment, there are even easier solutions; processes for making gas out of coal have been around since before world war 2. My dad is very interested in this peak oil movement. While they do have some good points (it's harder to extract the second half of oil from a well, doing the math on the energy it takes to extract a barrel of oil, etc..) they are missing some very important points. 1. Oil is not the only energy source. Sure, it is by far the best and most convenient source for transportation, but outside of transportation, almost all our power needs could be met by electricity. One can obtain electricity from many sources; Nuclear fission being the source I am most excited/hopeful about. Countries like France and Japan already meet almost all of their power needs with fission. Also, many of the processes for extracting oil that are impractical if you use oil as the energy source to do the extraction, such as oil sands, become practical if you can use energy created by fission or coal or some other cheaper, more plentiful source. 2. oil demand is not inelastic. The automotive market of the last few years should make that clear. Sure, we'd all like giant luxury vehicles, but this is constrained by economics. Not only can we move from 12MPG SUVs to 50MPG compact hybrids, we can drive a lot less. Sure, I am going to drive to work every day; until it starts costing me more than I'm making, at which point I will obviously stop doing so. Oil demand is extremely elastic. I bet that when gas hits the equivalent of $10/gallon (meaning, in today's dollars) you will see the bottom 40-50% of the us population no longer driving. Sure, I'm not going to be turning my servers off anytime soon, but that's mostly fission and coal, with some natural gas thrown in because California is weird and rich. because it's easier to power a car with gas than with electricity. Like you said, the infrastructure is in place. hm. My impression, and this could be wrong, is that there are a lot of people making so little money that if commuting costs more than doubled, it would no longer make economic sense to drive to work. where I live, If I am willing to double commute time, I can use public transit. If you only make $10/hr, it doesn't take much of a price increase before taking the bus starts making sense. /secondly, the view that undercutting (for the same objective value) will always be interpreted correctly by the customer is a little naive. In reality you often don't want to undercut your competition by too much for exactly the same reason my initial post was about: perceived value./ The thing is, I've tried setting prices at par with the competition. Sure, it was high margin in terms of computer hardware, but computer hardware is the cheapest part of the equation. Cutting prices dramatically is why this project went from being a net loss to paying for my rent and a new server or two every month. It became much 'higher margin' because it's cheaper to just give everyone 4x as much ram than it is for me to compete on marketing with the other players in this field. Sure, there are people I'll never appeal to, and that's fine. There are some real reasons why you might want to pay extra to have a 'real company' handle your VPS rather than three guys. I think that if you want to retain credibility, you can't pretend that you can serve everyone. Besides, I'd go nuts if I had to teach unix to every middle manager who decided to sign up. Slicehost is great. if you need a bunch of hand holding, use them. Sure, you've gotta pay for it, but you know what? tech support is a soul-sucking job. It's incredibly difficult to maintain a good support organization, and I think it is quite reasonable to charge extra if you are able to do so. (I mean, assuming slicehost's support is as good as people seem to say; I haven't personally used them. But I hear nothing but good things.) if you know what you are doing, and if you have a system, like mine,[1] that allows you out of band console, rebooter, and rescue media, you don't need very much support. This is good for you and good for me, and my prices just don't work, otherwise. Hardware is cheap, good people willing to do tech support are not. Objective, testable arguments appeal to my market, and 'Hey, I'm kindof like slicehost, only 25% the cost' is a very strong, testable argument. But my central point is that you should focus your marketing effort. saying "I am all things to all people" is an obvious lie, which will cause most technical people to write you off as worthless marketing garbage before you get a chance to explain what you are actually good at. Figure out what you are good at, and focus on and talk about that. Be consistent. Sure, Perceived value is what you get paid for, but unless you are a whole lot better at marketing than I am, increasing objective value is by far the easiest way to manipulate perceived value. Besides, increasing objective value makes me feel good about myself, and increasing perceived value without increasing objective value makes me feel kinda slimy. [1] in the interests of full disclosure, and, uh, in not getting people signing up then exercising my 30 day money back thing, I will point out that my system sucks badly if you want to provision a new server, or if you want to resize your server. I'm working on it. But I do think my system does a very good job of emulating a remote server in a co-lo with a serial console, a rebooter, and a rescue CD in the drive. Or, maybe they will carpool, or hold their noses and take the bus. where I live, nobody uses the bus, but if you give yourself 2x the time plus an hour, you can get just about everywhere on public transit. when I say 'charge as much as I can' I mean 'set my hourly rate as high as possible' where the hourly rate is set before the work is done (and usually before we meet) I could... $20,000 setup, $10,000/month; I will rent you 10 32GiB ram/8 core servers, and give you a gigabit connection to the 'net, and hold your hand when not working on prgmr.com; See, I don't think that would increase the perceived value of my existing offerings. Just because you have the price posted, that doesn't mean people believe it's actually selling. Really, if you want to charge that kind of margin, you need to give half of it to a salesguy. "I feel like this is representative of why technical people leave money on the table in general. every product has a laffer maximum, objective value doesn't really exist." Maybe. what about comparative advantage? I can probably compete with the best SysAdmins my competitors hire. Yeah, some of them are better than I am, but it's at least a contest, you know? I'm not completely outclassed. I have a fighting chance. Put me up against the best marketing guys my competition can hire, though, and I'll be humiliated. I'm just not very good at manipulating emotions, so I'm better off if it appears that I'm not trying. That, and I still don't believe I'm leaving money on the table. my growth rate right now, (a bit over a server a month) is probably about optimal. It's fast enough to be exciting, but it's slow enough to be not overwhelming. The hardware margins are fine; a full server more than pays for itself in two months. Really, any more than that is just silly. I think what I need to be focusing on now is automating the bits of support we are currently (badly) doing by hand, that is, provisioning and re-sizing domains. Next, I think, backups, as that's the biggest threat right now. Data-loss events are horrible. saying there is no such thing as objective value is like dodging any other philosophical question with a 'but can you prove reality is as it seems?' While in philosophy class you have a point, I can't define 'objective value' in the philosophical sense any more than I can prove I'm not a butterfly dreaming that I am a man, but I think that says more about philosophy than it says about the concept of objective value. If you want to actually do something real, you must move past word games. All men are 9/10ths empiricists. I know what I mean when I speak of objective value. So do my customers, and I believe, so do you. Yeah. it sucks to be poor, especially as commodity prices rise. A friend of mine thinks that the commonness of single-ply toilet paper reflects a recent fall in the real standard of living of the common man. I'm not saying it'll be pleasant (especially for the poor) I'm just saying that as the price of oil goes up, there will be less of it bought, if for no other reason than that there are many people who simply can not afford to pay much more than they are paying now. This effect dampens price spikes. hm. "And sure, when things crash and you fsck and you didn't even get a clue about what went wrong, you get frustrated." It seems that a serial console, even though it doesn't give you as much info as a full kernel dump, would at least give you the panic message and a back trace, which is usually enough clue to figure out what happened or to ask for help. you did not get an oops or a backtrace out of your logging serial consoles? I mean, I understand that a kernel dump does give you even more information, but a logging serial console does give you a lot of information, usually enough. the kernel support for kdump is in the upstream kernel.org tree, I believe. you've gotta monkey with your initrd and the userland tools, though, last time I looked. It does seem pretty silly that linux seems to want to change the standard way to do crash dumps every two years. *BSD is much cleaner in this regard. But in my experience, a logging console is usually as useful (and sometimes more useful; logging consoles help in cases when the problem isn't a kernel panic, but is instead a weird network issue.) than kernel dumps. I remember last time I tried to debug an issue with kdump, the kernel would crash, then it would load the kdump kernel, but that, too would crash before dumping the kernel. (It turns out it was a hardware issue with the raid controller. Dumping to disk when disk is the problem doesn't work so well.) But then, I'm a computer janitor, and not a kernel developer. I imagine there are reasons to get a full kernel dump when you are concerned with more than "Is this a kernel issue or is it bad hardware?" yes. I understand it is marketing, just as much as having a $25 burger on the menu. The difference is that I don't understand what a $25 burger can honestly signal. Maybe, for the target market, a $25 burger can honestly signal something important, that I just don't understand? Perhaps "we take care to make you feel like you are eating at an expensive restaurant." I can imagine that being important to some people. I'm pretty certain, though, that a $25 burger on my menu would signal something that was very negative to my target market. If nothing else, it would look like a dishonest signal. Because I don't understand what a $25 burger is signaling, I would not follow through on that signal. I mean, I am trying to signal that I'm one of you. I'm not going to fuck around in an attempt to extract pennies from you. I'd be doing this for free if that didn't carry some serious negative consequences. If you are not a nerd, you have no idea how much many of us hate talking to sales every time we need to buy new equipment or space. Like most marketing signals, if I don't follow through, if this isn't an honest signal, the market would believe me for about five minutes. huh. Interesting blog. But what I read doesn't have anything about objective value, or price signaling preference. Link? Yes, I understand that one of these 32GiB ram, 8 core servers is worth about $1500 to me, or $6000, to someone unable to assemble a server from parts. There can be no value without a valuer, so technically, there can be no objective value. (just like I can't prove that you are not a figment of my imagination. It's impossible to do with the tools provided by philosophy. But I am unlikely to live a very successful life if I act as if others around me don't actually exist.) However, the price of a commodity tends to fall to just above the cost of production, because, in the example above, building a server is fairly trivial once you have a good ESD setup, so if you charge $3K instead of $6K for the $1.5K server, someone else is going to charge $2.5, or $2K, until you get down to the smallest profit margin someone will accept to do the job.[1] This is what I mean by 'objective value' Of course, some businesses try to say "Oh, our product is not a commodity" which is fine, but I would argue as a businessperson, I want as many of the inputs to my business as possible to be commodities. The idea is that if I use commodities, it is easy to compare pricing between vendors, and if one vendor fucks it up, I can easily switch to another. 'differentiated' products usually cost more, but they usually provide less value for those very reasons. Of course, some businesses seem to prefer to spend $6K on the $1.5K server, even after seeing another vendor charge $3K for what amounts to the same hardware. I don't know why this is. My theory is that the people making that decision, the managers, do not have enough technical knowledge to know that the hardware is comparable, but more importantly, they are more concerned with minimizing their own personal risk than with maximizing the total expected return for the shareholders, who are ultimately paying for the hardware. Clearly, I don't understand that market. Quite possibly there are good rational reasons why they like to pay 3x what they need to pay for hardware. I don't target this market because while I can build good servers, this market wants something else. I don't understand them so I can not serve them well. Besides, there are many good companies serving that market, and right now, I'm scaling at a comfortable pace. Serving a large corporation would require speeding that growth perhaps more than is healthy. I will stick with serving my people for now. If shareholders start demanding that larger companies watch their budgets more closely, well, I'm here, and I'm learning more every day. Hopefully, when that day comes, I will be prepared. Until then, there are enough technical people with hobbies and small businesses to make me quite comfortable [1] see serversdirect.com - I have no experience with them, but a co-lo customer of mine uses them. their prices /as posted on the website/ are very good; about what I'd charge if you asked me to build you servers. I obviously don't have numbers for rackspace's dedicated servers, but their 15.5GiB slice is $800 a month. Are they going to charge less for dedicated than for virtual hosts? You can get a server with 8 cores and 16Gib ram for under $2K from places like serversdirect.com, or building from parts. I build from parts, and generally end up paying $1500 for a 32GiB ram box. co-location is another $150/month or so. (my costs are closer to $75/month for a dual-socket box, but I have two full racks) Unless you screwed up assembling the thing, the chances of something other than a drive failing are pretty small. I mean, not zero; don't count on hardware... I'm just saying, even if you have to get a $150/hr guy in to fix your bad hardware, that just doesn't happen very often. way less than once per server. Way less than once per every 10 servers (assuming you didn't screw up the assembly, and that you rotate out the server after 3 years.) So yeah, there are many situations where it makes sense to rent, especially if you can't use 8 cores/ 32GiB ram of capacity. but if you use a whole server (32GiB ram/8 core; go virtual until you need that capacity, I say.) the cost advantages of owning hardware yourself are overwhelming. Sure, there are reasons to rent... I'm just saying, owning ends up costing you a /lot/ less money. well, You seem to be taking this 'all value is relative' (which is true, and the reason why capitalism works.) thing to mean that changing the branding of your product is no different from making your product better in a measurable way. I disagree. Sending the consumer false signals is a very different thing from actually producing a better or cheaper product. I don't see how a $25 burger on the menu signifies that $25 burgers are selling. Especially in the IT industry. It's normal for vendors to have 'list prices' that are 50%-70% higher than what you can negotiate them down to. (seriously. talk to a small business who has bought a new NetAPP or EMC storage device.) Also, yeah, we are all biased, even nerds. I'm sure you could, for a short while, trick nerds into paying more because of those biases. But I'd bet money that they'd figure it out, probably sooner rather than later, and they'd be mad at you. If you are selling to the middle managers who tell nerds what to do, it's different. But I'm a long ways from being able to hire someone who can pull off that sort of thing. another difference is that the $25 burger is signaling "this is not like other burgers. this can not be thought of as a commodity; this burger is /special/" First, like I said, smart business owners base their businesses on commodities they can get from multiple vendors. Second, All of my marketing is focused on saying 'Hey, you can treat what I'm selling like a commodity.' - the thing is, I am selling something that is fairly similar to what my competitors are selling. But my competitors are good at marketing, and they charge quite a bit more than I need to. It's in my best interest to not differentiate, to instead say 'Hey, I'm kind of like those guys over there' - I want to turn the market for what I'm selling into a commodity market. Sure, a commodity market is best for consumers, but in my case, it's also better for me, because it slashes my marketing costs. I mean, it's not entirely fair to my competition, I am benefiting from the work they have done to introduce people to this class of products, but I think it's not unethical. This is just what happens as a market for a particular good or service matures. From what I understand, marketing costs (or referral fees) have traditionally been a huge portion of the cost of providing shared hosting, and the barrier to entry into this market is only slightly higher. Who are your customers. VC? or the people using your service? Its an important decision. For instance, strong lock-in is good for the VC, but bad for your customers. My book went to press yesterday. The publisher did a whole lot more than just printing it, though. In fact, that might have been their easiest to replace function. I think publishers will be relevant at least as long as published data is respected more than something I slap up on my website. Seriously, the wikipedia page on me can now be written without getting deleted for non-notability! I never expected to make any money off this book (my co-author said "Literally, thousands of dollars!" when asked how much he expected to make.) so really, I chose to go through a publisher because editors and layout people have real value, and because a 'real publisher' adds a lot of credibility, which is my primary goal anyhow. That is an interesting problem: without the publishers, who will function as the givers of credibility, the gatekeepers? Who will wikipedia cite? edit: This is an example of a business model where the content is created for free and subsidized by it's side effects. I'm after a reputation, which I will then monetize through my regular business activities. I'm happy to essentially give away the time I spent writing this (hopefully useful) book. In this case, my interests are mostly aligned with my readers; if the book isn't generally considered to be useful, or at least correct, then I don't get the reputation I wanted. On the other hand, I could have done the same work, and hired editors out of my own money, then put the result on line. I would perhaps have reached more readers, but I would not have the added credibility of going through a gatekeeper of quality. And would I have been able to hire editors of the same quality? the clincher for me is the credibility, though. Until we have a better gatekeeper, I imagine this will keep authors using the biggest-name conventional publishers they can. http://customwaterworkz.com/ If I wasn't running out of server space faster than I could buy new servers already, I'd have bought a bunch of those for the last opensourceworld tradeshow. yeah. and the water thing only works if you can target relatively high-value customers. But at $0.50 or so a 'click' if you are at a tradeshow or some other concentration of 'high value' customers, it's probably a better deal than paying as much for adwords. Adwords itself is an example of how some companies are willing to pay tens of dollars per 'click' for advertising. Branded dirt won't usually work, but it might at a nursery tradeshow. But yeah, nothing but 'free content' is going to work if you are spamming the masses with your advertising. But, I believe that many content creators are willing to create content to advertise themselves. Especially in the technical world, writing has almost no hope of paying the same as technical work, but people still do it. I suspect the problem will not be that nobody is willing to write content for free, but that we need a new way of vetting the good, credible content from the bad. Thanks. I'm ridiculously excited. Yes, that's very true, and probably the single largest reason why I went with no-starch press rather than just distributing a pdf or the mediawiki. (well, that and it was no-starch who approached me, not the other way around.) Heck having copies printed probably wouldn't be that expensive, if I printed up a few hundred at a time. (I have access to cheap labor, a machine shop, and ebay. Tell me I couldn't bind a book myself.) They are a tier down from O'Reilly, but worlds above self-publishing, in terms of credibility. I wonder if you could use the same incentive that we use to pay authors (which is to say, personal credibility and authority) to pay gatekeepers? I mean, there's nothing inherently expensive about doing it, you just need a person with good sense, good ethics, and a reasonable knowledge of the subject matter at hand. Hm. See, well, at least in the technical publishing arena, this is the case 'cause we already get paid a lot more than all but the most famous authors. Your average writer of non-technical books is probably going to make very little money, and the bar to get a non-technical book published, I think, is higher than a technical book, in terms of writing skill. (a technical book, if technically correct, can editors and fact-checkers, from what I understand, make less than half what a competent computer janitor makes. Both these facts would point at people willing to do editing, fact checking and writing for less than what they could get doing other things. (assuming that the attributes needed to be a good editor or author are not a lot more common than the attributes required to be a SysAdmin.) Now, there is a lot of difference between doing something you like for not very much money, and doing it for free, so you might be correct that people won't do it unless there is at least some money, but I see evidence that people will do it for less money than they could get doing other things. as for the 'chicken and egg' part of the credibility issue, you are certainly correct if the same gateway/content producer relationship as we have now continues, but there are other models, like the model hacker news and other aggrigators use. If creators 'publish' content themselves to the 'net, then the 'gateways' just link to the content they find credible. Now, the question is "how does the aggrigator decide what links are worthy?" there are many ways to do this, but I suspect the best may end up being subject matter experts running small aggrigators that cover their own interests. do you really think handling a (non-technical) investor will be less work/less distraction than contracting part time? Sure, contracting takes time away from what you want to do, but it's pretty easy, and clients don't push you to do things that may not be in the interest of your customers. no. Marketing does not need to be manipulative or deceptive. In fact, if you are not anonymous and not going away when the company dies, deceptive or manipulative marketing is probably not long-term effective. Pointing out that you exist and that your price is X and some other measurable attribute is Y is ethical, I think, assuming you use consensual channels, and that your price is in fact X and your other measurable attribute is in fact Y. So yes, good marketing is honest and is important for both the buyer and the seller. what ever happened to historical NNTP search? Usenet used to be the tool for getting advice on this sort of thing. But yeah, key is not your interface; key is who you can attract, and the web forms tend to attract a younger (read: less experienced) crowd. ooh, do you have a good interface to email? that would be valuable. Hell, I'm still a year or so away from 30, not really a greybeard, but I greatly prefer mailing lists to web forms. (he says on a web form.) Yeah. thing is, I've not seen a good integration between forms and email. I bet the hard part isn't implementing; it's figuring out what a good implementation is. Ultimately, you'd want the email interface to look like an email list, and the web form to look like a web form, but you'd want the content on both, and I'm not sure what the best way to do that is. I use wells fargo but they hit you with similar things if your account is low. There are things you can do to get around it if you want to spend some time talking to the teller. (something about setting up a monthly automatic transfer, etc...) I'm not recommending wells fargo or anything, but I don't think it matters that much. you are talking less than $20 a month in most cases, and with wells fargo, and I believe most banks, that includes the ability to send checks from a web interface, so I don't think it's that unreasonable. cool! but... I'd like someone with more knowledge than I have to comment about the security aspects of this. It seems to me like this would open me to the general dangers and insecurities of the web browser, and to be completely honest, my knowledge of security in that area consists of "don't have other tabs/windows open when you do something important" and when writing CGIs, only accept data in the format you accept. So, for example, how could this be hardened against something like this? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=812482 I agree. I'm only now 'ramen profitable' (well, I'm 'opportunity cost profitable' if you don't count what I spend on expansion, and I'm growing by around 20% a month.) I only went full time a few months ago. (well, actually this is the second time I've gone full-time) Looking back, I'd have needed something north of $200K to get where I am now, to learn what I learned. Hardware mistakes get expensive fast, and I was at this for 3 years before it took off. Who is going to keep feeding me cash after my second failure? my third? Me, that's who. Who is going to support two people to write a book that is likely never going to repay the expense of keeping us alive for the period of time it took to write it, much less to cover the opportunity costs? I did. The thing is, if I went with investors, I would have needed to take the 'pretend you are doing something new' path, and to charge what look to me like ridiculous prices. Now, maybe they'd also bring on marketing people that would make those ridiculous prices tenable, but going with investors, I'd have probably been either dead or bought out by now. your startup will force you to make sloppy compromises. I agree that when you balance your startup and your work/school, one or the other will suffer. I know I have not given my heart to any of the contracting projects I was working on. I mean, I worked on what I was paid to work on when I was getting paid to work on it, but they just weren't getting the same value they would have if I was thinking about their problems in the shower instead of mine, you know? I didn't feel good about that. So yeah, I feel a lot better about myself now that I'm full-time on my company. But even then, you have sloppy compromises. I don't have investors, so I always have the option of the 'honorable death' rather than doing something slimy, but the market forces you to make sloppy compromises. Me, I have always had a deep hatred of marketing in nearly all its forms. And guess what, now I'm the marketing guy. Granted, I am a fairly truthful and transparent marketing guy; I generally try to avoid (or at least tell you ahead of time) if I have any 'perverse incentives.' but still, I now spend probably 20% of my time bragging about myself, an activity I maybe enjoy, but certainly don't admire. I mean, really, my biggest flaw is my massive ego. In my heart of hearts, I believe I can do anything. You have to carefully control that sort of thing. edit: removed baseless speculation about running a company with investors. If you run a startup, even a 'exchange goods and services with customers' lifestyle company like I have that ignores investors completely, you will need to market yourself. If your customers are other startups, news.ycombinator.com is an excellent place to market yourself. Yes, writing about your activities is marketing yourself. Until you become much bigger than I am, a 'personal relationship' with your customers is a huge part of marketing. Hah. I was going to link to some old twitter threads, but it seems 'older tweets are not available'... I search for my company name on twitter quite a lot, and help people who are complaining. I'm remembering a particularly amusing moment when one of my Chinese customers was complaining (in Chinese) of a down VPS. I used the google translate tool to figure out what they were complaining about, then I helped them with the problem. The customer was rather shocked that I was able to puzzle out the problem from the Chinese description. One of the keys to marketing, though, is to not spend too much time on any one prospect until you know they are interested. It sounds like you feel the need to put a lot of effort into marketing yourself to PG before he has shown much interest. In the example above, because the conversation was on twitter, I was not only helping one customer, I was telling the world that I'm the sort of guy who is willing and able to help out my customers. If your customers are on news.ycombinator.com (or if you are primarily marketing your startup to investors rather than to customers, which I personally think is bad) then yeah, put effort into building your image here. Otherwise, it probably is not worth the effort, unless you really enjoy it. Uh, that's the other thing. Yeah, you could say that we are all building images of ourselves. But you know? people are pretty good at sniffing out fakes. If you want your image to feel genuine, you need it to be genuine. Really, it depends on your personality, and your ego. See, some people are irritated or shocked by my self-deprecation. The thing is, I would be absolutely insufferable if I let my ego out. I do it every now and then, you know. Most startups are populated by people who have egos that can rival mine, in part because having an ego that large makes you think you can do it better than everyone else, and in part because investors tend to prefer confident people. (I personally think investors are morons in this regard, but what do I know? Managers seem to agree with them. I have seen my more capable but less confident peers get passed over for me or someone like me more times than I can count.) For me, Yeah, I constantly need to remind myself I don't know everything, or else I end up doing something really stupid. You know I once got into a mailing list argument with Lee Felsenstein about how to run a computer club? Yeah, I looked pretty stupid. See, that's the sort of thing that happens if I don't keep my ego in check. I know many people who are more capable than I am in every respect who don't have that massive ego. Yeah, for one of those people (who I think would be excellent founders, some of them.) 'you don't know shit' would be a bad thing to remind them. Yes, for them, you'd probably want something positive and encouraging. But for someone like me? "You don't know shit" is quite appropriate. Insulting, really? so you have 3 guys, and a business plan. you get $20K for say, 6% of the company. Are you really saying a $300K valuation on a company that is 'just an idea' is insulting? Personally, I'd call that high. But yeah, you are right. it's not about the money. It would probably make economic sense for me to give 6% of my company to pg, even without getting any cash, just for the marketing effects. yeah. I dono. I mean, a lot of my verbal recommendations are "S/he is really good at X, but has problem Y, and Would probably work well for the position you have." I dono how that would always translate in 'on your permanent record' type things. It's probably not even the best in person, sometimes. I remember a few years back I was vacating a position as a contractor, and I was asked for recommendations. So, at the time my business was contracting, and I didn't really need as much help as I had. I recommended they hire one of the guys who was working for me but it was a "well, he can do the job, but here are what's wrong with him. I recommend you hire him" The client didn't bite. later the body shop/recruiter who had gotten me the gig asked for recommendations, and I said the same thing. Apparently he talked the client into hiring my guy, and the client was pretty happy with the guy for a year or so. (the client hired me again when the guy left.) Would it have been better for the client if I was good at sales and able to directly sell the guy? maybe. (my other minor nit was that nobody gave me a kickback. Eh, I did get the guy to work for me at way below market wages for a year or two, so I got something out of it.) But the upshot is when I give a recommendation, I see it as doing a favor to the company or person that has the open position more than a favor to the person I'm recommending. I mean, if I didn't think you were qualified, I wouldn't have recommended you for the gig, right? sometimes my recommendations are in the format "person X is perfect for the job, but you are unlikely to catch his interest" On LinkedIn, though, it is different. the recommendations are setup as if you were doing a favor to the person you are recommending, which makes it much harder for me. I mean, how much of the negative stuff do you put in? hell, change the situation and a massive flaw becomes a massive advantage. huh. I got the message, but when I went to RSVP it immediately said "We're sorry to say we didn't accept this application. We had more than twice as many applications as there are seats in the auditorium, so unfortunately we had to reject a lot of people we would have liked to accept." So I'm wondering if I should show up or not? It works for me now. it says "see you there!" Thanks, whoever fixed that. perhaps because they don't remember? As far as I can tell, life gets better as you get older and gain more control over your life. Childhood was miserable for me. I mean, physically, yeah, it's pretty much all downhill from there. but everything else gets much better. I would not worry too much if your social life doesn't pick up until you are a little older. Mine did not. Also note, if you don't connect with your peers, consider finding new peers. For me, moving to the San Francisco bay area (I'm in the south bay) has massively improved my social opportunities. Also, as you get older, the other nerds start to come out of their shells. At your age, many of them either studiously avoid other people or pretend to not be nirds. perhaps because they don't remember? As far as I can tell, life gets better as you get older and gain more control over your life. Childhood was miserable for me. I mean, physically, yeah, it's pretty much all downhill from there. but everything else gets much better. I would not worry too much if your social life doesn't pick up until you are a little older. Mine did not. Also note, if you don't connect with your peers, consider finding new peers. For me, moving to the San Francisco bay area (I'm in the south bay) has massively improved my social opportunities. Also, as you get older, the other nerds start to come out of their shells. At your age, many of them either studiously avoid other people or pretend to not be nirds. as for 1., I agree and disagree. Physically, it will never be better than now, but emotionally, the whole experience will be better once you mature emotionally. 7. is probably the wisest item on the list. Understanding yourself, your limits, where you can push yourself productively and where you can't will pay back enormous dividends as you grow older, both in your financial, professional, and personal/emotional projects. In general, though, I would distrust people who say childhood is for being social. Young people tend to be jerks because they haven't learned better yet. Also, when you are young, you have less choice about who you do and do not associate with. I think correctly choosing your peers is the most important part of a satisfying social life. Choose people who value the person you want to be. One big regret I have about some of my early projects was that I did not leave them online. I wrote a book price search engine when I was a few years older than you. it was actually pretty cool, but I folded the company because the competition looked pretty hot at the time. Folding the company (or at least not working on it more) was probably the right decision. The mistake was that I took the code offline and lost it. save every piece of code you write. If possible, put it in public. Not only does this help you if you later have an idea or opportunity that would use your old stuff, but it builds up credibility, and it helps give you an idea how far you have personally come. So yeah, if there was one piece of advice I could send back in time to me at 18, that'd be what I'd say. Make sure all the technical stuff you do is accessible online forever, even if it no longer works. Seriously, the social bullshit works itself out once you figure out that you get to choose your peers. (and you do. It's hard to imagine after going to high school and being forced to choose from the thousand or so people your age who happen to live within a few miles of where you are born, but as an adult, you absolutely get to choose your peer group and your culture. no matter how weird you are, there are other people like you.) yawn. dude confuses introvert/extrovert dichotomy with male/female dichotomy, complains about trashy pop-culture. Terseness can be good sometimes; I have a tendency to write really long emails, even when doing relatively trivial tasks like customer support or dealing with a salestard. The sales people are all, as the kids would say, "Tl;dr" then they present me their standard product. Irritating, as that behavior is trivially replaced by a perl script. On the other hand, conveying actual information is also good sometimes. If someone asks me a sytem administration question and I have a few minutes, they usually get a pretty useful answer. I know several system problems at prgmr.com were solved by a customer because when s/he complained, I gave a full description of the actual problem and the customer was able to help me solve it. So yeah, it depends on what you are doing, and the literacy level (and interest) of the recipient. Email can be short, when appropriate, and learning how to be to the point is a very good skill, but email can also be long and detailed when you need that. "current generation" heh. I guess I'm old now. 29. But I communicate with my younger employees via email, and that seems to work fine. the amusing thing is that I use email for everything; most of my activity on twitter, facebook, linkedin, etc... is business related. But then, I'm not a professional. sublet. or find a non-professional landlord. look around on craigslist. there's plenty of people in trouble trying to get out of their lease. Of course, I've not lived in the city proper, but I've lived in the bay area on and off for most of my adult life, and I've not had any trouble avoiding the corporate landlords who have funny rules. My experience has been that the non-professionals usually have better prices, too. hm. well, personally, I find 'relationships' in business usually raise costs. How to get around this? I don't know. You could simply only buy commodities. If this is possible, it is clearly the best answer. However consulting isn't a commodity, and neither is design work. it seems that making it a commodity is a 'hard problem' - RFPs are one attempt to treat consulting as a commodity, and they are obviously imperfect. eh, sounds like this guy is selling atom boards, which are relatively modern. Now, they don't use ECC ram (and I fail to understand why he doesn't throw in 2GiB ram rather than one; if he put int 2GiB, he'd be competitive with my 2GiB VPSs.) and they are slow, cheap hardware, but speaking as someone who sells VPSs for a living, for some things, having a box to yourself is much better than a vps, even if the cost per performance is higher. Now, my experience with the atoms (and why I'm not selling 'em) is that they use more power than you expect; 50w each or so, down from 75w each for a core2duo with 8GiB ram. So I'm guessing this person is also in a region where power is cheaper than it is for me. (I am in the SF bay area, and thus I pay enough for power that margins on a power-hungry atom system would be rather small.) You can get the operations overhead per machine down with a good pxeboot/automated provisioning system. some larger places I've worked, provisioning 5,000 machines was a relaxed afternoon of work. Yeah, physical servers are a bit more work than virtuals, but they don't have to be that much more work, if you have a good system. That said, getting a VPS on modern dual-socket 8 or 12 core boxes with ecc ram usually gives you more bang for your buck, if the security tradeoffs are worth it. I agree with you, but to be fair, NetBSD and OpenSolaris run quite well as a paravirtualized xen guests. (irritatingly, most providers don't support them. Even I don't support OpenSolaris, due to bootloader weirdness I haven't quite figured out how to safely integrate into my system.) There are also obvious security benefits to running on unshared physical hardware, as Theo likes to point out. personally, I disagree with point 5. I think is is possible to separate the bullshit surrounding work for your love of creating the things you create. I spent five years pouring all the money I got from being a SysAdmin into my hosting business. The business is ramen profitable now, and growing quickly. Key, I think, is to separate yourself from the company you work for. think of it as being a contractor. "I'm giving you the best advice I can. If you don't take it, well, I've still done my job" and "I will work for you as long as the money is worth my time. I understand that the opposite also applies, and I don't take it personally if an employer feels they can do better." (then, you also need to deal with personal failure, but that is true even after you become independent. Though, personally, I find it is easier to say "oh, you didn't like my services? here's a full refund" now that I'm a product company and the things I'm selling are not as limited as my hours. Not giving people refunds when I personally fucked up was one of the things I liked least about selling my hours. But it is just very difficult to do so.) soon, I hope. all the parts I don't buy locally (I buy hard drives locally due to a history of packing problems; newegg, specifically, tends to damage oem drives in shipping, and it's hard to find retail-packaged "enterprise" drives) are in the garage, and I've got one side of the 2 in 1u up and passing memtest. the other side I'm still dorking with. you can under HVM mode in xen, too. Full virtualization, though, in it's current state, is inferior to paravirtualization. Significantly so. This may change as hardware advances, but right now, you are much better off going with something that can run paravirtualized. reliability even more than performance. KVM was not even close to production ready in '05. HVM mode under xen was also crap. I expect 3 year uptime; running some 'qemu with hardware support' (which really is what both xen hvm and quemu are) just could not deliver that at the time. Also emulated devices leave a much larger attack surface from the domU -> dom0 host. I am sure that KVM has improved a whole lot in the last few years, but most of the people using it seem to be using it for 'primarily use box as hardware, spin up a virtual to test something' (this, I think, is why the kernel guys like it so much... that is what they need, and KVM is much better than Xen if that is your use case.) I really need a 'dedicated virtualization server' - the hardware only exists to service virtuals. If I had some time, I'd do some benchmarks; I'd be interested to see what the backends the kernelnewbies bench uses... for example using tap: or phy: is sometimes an order of magnitude less bad than using file:// (of course, sometimes you get caching going in the dom0, and file:/ looks faster, but it's still a really bad idea.) I did start with FreeBSD jails, but switched to xen after I found just what a bad idea sharing pagecache is. why are you okay with non-ecc in your firewall? not all traffic is checksummed, corrupted packets are bad as anything. While this is possible, it requires shared storage, which is a single point of failure, and can be quite expensive. None of the VPS providers I know of support live migration. I know I don't. Also, live migration doesn't help you of the hardware dies. (I mean, if the host is using shared storage, it is easy to bring you up on a new host, but you still crashed. you can run a dedicated off shared storage, if that is all you want.) You can only 'live migrate' off a 'live' host. Now, if you wanna get really expensive, vmware (and xen, if you want to do some patching) has the capability to essentially 'live migrate every Xms' - the idea being that they never bring up the second host unless the primary host fails; but it's ready, and only Xms behind. (they do some things I don't understand to insure that I/O to the shared block device is in sync) This is very expensive, though, because not only do you need to pay for 2x the hardware, you need a vmware license. (or to run a non-standard xen) A dedicated server with mirrored drives and ecc ram is likely going to be more reliable than a VPS. wrong lesson. The right lesson is "have more than one data center, use automatic failover" I think "having a problem, not sure what just yet" is a perfectly acceptable thing to say. I've worked places that had that setup with BGP. Of course, you need to announce the same IP block out of both data centers, your application needs to be able to deal with that, and that sort of thing gets pricy, but it's doable. to be clear, the above is meant as the lesson to the customer, not rackspace. It would be very nearly impossible for rackspace to make their virtual servers stay up if a whole data center went down. It's quite difficult to keep a VPS up when even just the hardware it is on goes down. BGP. the idea is that you could have a data center in San Jose, connected via he.net, and another in, say, phoenix, connected via Cogent. you announce the same /24 out each data center... if one goes down, it stops announcing and all traffic goes to the other data center. The problem is that it's not a cheap answer, and that your application needs to be able to deal with queries going to either data center at any time. another option I've seen people use which is not nearly as robust but still 'automatic' is to have two authoritative nameservers; one at each location. But the nameserver at location 1 resolves all A records to IPs at location 1. At location 2, the nameserver is configured to resolve all A records to IP addresses at location 2. (of course, this has all the dns caching issues as setting the TTL to 10 minutes) A third option would be to have some sort of redirector on a network that is made redundant via BGP, then have some sort of hook so you can change the target of the redirector. But I don't know of anyone offering that service for cheap. pretty much. Do you really think we'd take our cheeto-stained hands off the keyboard and start shooting at people? I know I'm not ready to get shot for some abstract idea. Sure, I'd maybe spend some time and/or money, but I don't think anyone but the crazies would start shooting. Besides, I think that shooting back is rarely effective in modern warfare; it's all about 'hearts and minds' these days, not about who can kill more of the other dudes. Speaking as a small provider who gets these kinds of takedown notices, America is actually pretty good when it comes to political speech. Perhaps the best in the world. if you get a takedown for political speech, nearly any small provider would be happy to fight for you, because it's wonderful publicity. (I say small provider, because in order to fight for you, someone with enough authority to do so has got to see the takedown, and decide it is bogus. At large companies, the people reading the takedown often don't have authority to decide to fight or not. the same incentive applies, though, so if someone at a large corporation with authority saw a bogus takedown for political speech, they might make the same decision a small provider would.) I know I'd be happy to defend original political speech against a bogus takedown notice... not because I'm patriotic or altruistic, but because the publicity would be priceless. this is America, and my customers are nerds; being at the center of some scandal where the feds were trying to shut down some opposing political viewpoint would be incredible, from a self-promotion standpoint. America becomes a bad place when you want some kind of commercial speech (or when your 'political' speech is commercial... but even then, so long as it's clear you have a valid claim and are not just copying someone else's copywritten work, it's pretty easy to find a provider willing to fight for you in order to garner the positive publicity.) I might be willing to stand up for political speech, but I'm going to cooperate with taking down customers who want to violate trademarks to sell knock-off goods (knock-off goods are fine, just don't violate trademarks.) I'm also not going to spend a penny defending people who want to share movies or other copywritten data. Right or wrong, that's not a fight I can win here in America. I keep telling my customers this; if you want to say something politically controversial, do so here. if you want to copy the latest movies, etc... host in eastern Europe or china, and don't involve me. Infrastructure, for most businesses, is a vanishingly small percentage of the total costs of doing business. Hell, I sell infrastructure, and at 750 customers, my infrastructure costs are still less than I'd pay for my time if I was paying myself market rate. But you do have a good point, that you do need to weigh the cost of a few hours downtime every now and again with the cost of putting yourself in a position where you can avoid such downtime, because yes, sometimes avoiding the downtime is more costly than just taking the hit. I think at a minimum, though, you need to have off-site backups, and the ability to restore to a new provider if your first provider has a HyperVM level disaster that kills all your data and all the backups at that provider. It's pretty difficult to invade another country and win any 'hearts and minds' - I mean, no matter how shitty the previous government was, you are a foreign invader. I think Iran (and Iran's success against the USSR) is a prime example of how 'hearts and minds' is much more important than guns and bombs in modern warfare. I agree that it is worrying. It's not a good law; the current situation is setup so that a risk averse hosting provider is likely to just take shit down when asked. But what I'm saying is that while there is a pretty big downside to standing up to bullshit takedown notices, there is also a pretty big upside. Would I personally take the risk? heh. well, it would depend on how strong I thought the case was. But probably; Like many entrepreneurs, I'm something of a glory hound and I have a moderate-to-high risk tolerance. My expectation would be that it wouldn't go to court. see what happened with ralph lauen and bong-boing: http://boingboing.net/2009/10/06/the-criticism-that-r.html On the other hand, I do get a whole lot of obviously legitimate takedown notices. I've had several cases of some company selling knock off designer stuff who not only used the trade mark without permission, but who copied the legitimate website wholesale. I mean, I know jack about designer clothing, and I think knock-off goods are perfectly legitimate, but I think it's pretty important to protect trademarks. sweet. I want a monocular version. lol. I'm going to shut up. I re-read this and I probably make no sense as I wrote iran rather than Afghanistan. how come dell doesn't automate the quote process? I don't want to fuck around with a salesguy, just tell me what it fucking costs. This is half the reason I build my own servers. It's impossible to decide what tradeoffs to make when the true cost of those tradeoffs is hidden behind some sales asshole. Yes. that is why I build my own shit. it makes no sense. I waste the time of a highly paid salesguy, and you charge me less than the guy who quietly pays what the website says? that seems backwards to me. No matter; I usually pay less than half buying parts (which are usually sold in a rational manner) and assembling myself. that's the thing, though, I want less complexity in pricing, not more. Buying parts, unfortunately, even though it means I buy and price compare many more things than buying servers, actually makes the price of my next server a lot more predictable. This is what I'm saying is messed up. depends on your angle. If your product is good enough (or enough cheaper than the competition) deals come to you. On the other hand, if you have a mediocre product, your sales guy needs to be pretty goddamn good. Personally, I will have lunch with just about anyone who wants to show up somewhere that I am. gotta eat anyhow, right? it takes a little longer. I don't have much advice on where to go from there, though; I'm free with advice, but I productize my, uh, outputs. I've personally been getting lots of merger/buyout flirtation; but I've got little interest in selling unless you want silly valuations, and it seems that my company is worth about 1 year of earnings, and it's worth a lot more than that to me, so uh, no go. still, just knowing people in your industry is a very good thing. And you've gotta eat anyhow, right? so go have lunch with people. It's kinda fun, too. really? did we at least get you a refund? we do sometimes drop stuff, but we try to at least refund everyone who we don't get going. (the vast majority of or problems are provisioning-related, as well... we're working on that. But still. If you didn't get the refund email me and I'll see to it.) I think you might want to go back and run a web application benchmark like you did last time; the benchmarks you used this time apparently do not benefit from having more ram, and this is, uh, rather different from most (but not all) real-world loads. to be fair to linode, this is what nearly all providers do, if you complain, they refund you for the time you were down. To my knowledge, nobody in this price bracket has a real SLA. (at one point I had a pretty tough one myself, but I've weakened it to the point where it's not much better than normal.) unestablished company? uh, Linode has been around longer than I have. (And I've been around longer than slicehost.) If any of us VPS providers are established, Linode is. (johncompanies has also been around a while.) my cpu is probably worse 'cause I only give you 1 VCPU. I don't know for sure this is the right decision, but the idea is that the fewer VCPUs each instance has, the less often you have context switches, and the better your system performs when there is a lot of contention for CPUs. we're between 2 and 3 people, but yeah, only I'm full-time, and yes, that reduces costs. Also, I build my own servers, which saves me some bucks, but it's not orders of magnitude. uh, also, compare my SLAs to the other providers before you start saying it's weak. (I mean, my sla is weak, I agree, but so is everyone else's.) check out prices two years ago, using archive.org. as far as I can tell, most of the competition has not been lowering their prices by much over the last few years. (linode has some.) Also, to be fair, if you pre-pay for a year, ec2 gives me a run for the money; I only have a 20% discount if you pre-pay for a year. As far as I can tell, the amount of ram is more important than anything else when it comes to real-world performance, but it doesn't really feature in most synthetic benchmarks, which I believe is why I did so well in Uggedal's first benchmark, and so poorly in the second. weird. can you ping it? eh, I use CORBA; meaning every 3 years or so I have to go get a w2 job for a while. pain in the ass, but not insurmountable. huh. I guess I am more 'product oriented' than you are, but I tell people 'no' when they want passwords rather than ssh keys to access their out of band console. I imagine it would be different if I was charging by the hour, but I'm not. But this is part of why I like being a product company. I do my R&D on my own time, without an angry customer if it fails or if I take longer than I thought. "Here" I say, "are the products I've sold to hundreds of other people. I can sell these to you, too." Then I add "If you want something else, suggest it, I might add that as a product as well, then I will sell it to you and others who want it at a low cost, but I'm not going to make it just for you." (of course, being a product company, if I screw up production, I have many, many angry customers.) For me, this has largely solved the problem of not estimating correctly and/or managing customer expectations. Here is what I have. you don't like it? Oh, I'm sorry. would you like a refund? mostly it's a filter. If you can't make an OpenSSH public key, you should probably not be managing your own VPS, and you should certainly not sign up with me, as all my interfaces are command-line only, and I don't have a nice GUI web control panel like many competitors do, and my support is email-only. go, pay the extra bucks, pay slicehost, and get someone to talk you through it on the phone. I don't charge enough to deal with that sort of thing. If you wanted to hire me by the hour, that'd be different, but we're talking about people giving me $8/month. Yeah. a successful product business involves a whole lot more 'no' than a consulting business. However, I think even when working by the hour, when I charge what I seem to be able to charge lately, I try to say "No, that's outside of my area of competence" because really, they are paying me way too much for me to 'figure it out.' When it is in my area of competence, I think it's just as important to say "No, I think that's a bad idea, and here's why" - They are paying me silly rates, presumably because I know more than they do about what we are trying to get done; Sure, sometimes you need to translate the technical choice into a business decision and push it up the chain, but sometimes it's a purely technical decision, and within your realm of knowledge, and in that case, I am not doing my job unless I say "Don't do that" when the customer asks me to do something that is clearly incorrect. See, I still don't get it. I mean, to me, the nokia communicators of 10 years ago look like better devices than the iphone. But then, I guess most people really like the touch screen interface, and apple (maybe? I wouldn't know. I can't stand touch screens) was the first to get the touch screen right. you have a good point; more features, all other things being equal, means more complexity. yeah, uh, if you are smart, you have a secondary DNS provider. But that really requires you managing it yourself. the problem was that many people outsource, which usually means going with only one provider. (now, ultradns does have a good setup, they probably aren't a bad choice for a provider, but having only one is just plain stupid.) the mistake was outsourcing to only one provider. it's easy enough to setup a BIND slave elsewhere that automatically transfers the zone from your primary provider. I'm sure they could hire the muscle to do it. I'm just saying, relying on just one company is usually a bad idea.