You should do some research into the demographics of the various combat arms roles in the US military. Funny you should say that, since you're the one hallucinating something other than what I wrote. Your first hire should be a woman PoC because diversity has to start at the beginning. Like for example speaking at a 4th grade level and having simple four word slogans? Robots are tools. Tools can only ever act as a multiplier for the productivity of a worker. A robot can't take your job anymore than a power screwdriver can take a carpenter's job, it only makes the carpenter more productive. This only eliminates jobs if you arbitrarily hold the total amount of production constant. Why would you do that? In a sane society, we'd celebrate increased worker productivity and use it to increase quality of life by making more and better things and maintaining the things we already have. Entropy ensures there will always be useful maintenance work to be done. It really shows how effective media gas-lighting has been that otherwise smart people believe that increased productivity necessitates unemployment or a massive shift of economic control to the public sector. All of that said, there are definitely reasons to move money creation away from the top 0.1% that are well connected and have banking licenses and somehow tie it more directly to productive behavior by individuals. Basic income is only interesting as a baseline model. The same total amount of new money could be introduced to the economy by lottery for example. Anytime you game something like this out you should include a random model as well as a constant one, as baselines to compare more sophisticated approaches against. People have never made decisions based on facts. We decide based on emotions, and then rationalize our decisions later if ever. Evolution did not optimize us for accurate understanding of the world. It optimized us for having offspring that survive. The latter by and large does not require the former. Indeed, deception plays a big role in human reproductive strategies. Elevator control isn't a toy problem which means you haven't thought about it at all. These agencies currently have no top leadership. My understanding is that this is just temporary until new cabinet secretaries are confirmed and can set communications policies. They don't want a situation where they have to issue releases a week later saying "strike that, reverse that!" This site is where the sober-minded logical people go to discuss things, so let's save the anti-Trump panic for when the FEMA death camps open up or something. I've always seen some close parallels between Peirce's approach to logic and Dijkstra's approach to program construction. Both start with an "empty" object and then transform it according to simple rules until the finished product satisfies some chosen set of predicates. But most everyone here knows Dijkstra, so I'm mostly just replying to thank you for bringing up Peirce. He's wildly under acknowledged and more importantly under-appreciated. Truly an American genius. The Amazon.com front page generating code is a proof relating some properties of its output to its input and that it halts. However it's also basically incomprehensible, so I doubt anyone alive could actually tell you precisely what it's proving. Your ability to prove something in any language is dependent on having a formal semantic for that language, or at least for a cognitively manageable subset that you're willing to restrict yourself to. The language semantics and memory model serve as axioms. Given how American programmers are trained, it's not realistic to expect them to be able to think of programs in a logical semantic way. There is something of an art to it and it's hard to learn a new way of thinking when you're satisfied with a way you already have. I agree that you can have an enjoyable hobby or make a living programming without really understanding what you're doing beyond intuitively and that's totally fine. Computing time is cheap and most applications don't cause any great harm when they behave in unintended ways. However the isomorphism between predicate calculus and computer programming isn't subjective. Programs really are proofs, just some of them are very sloppy. Formal verification will never catch on, because it's silly and prohibitively difficult for all but the simplest programs. On the other hand, formal construction is an idea whose time is long overdue. Rather than asking if program text T satisfies predicate P, instead start with P and then construct a T mechanically such that it must satisfy P. The latter is a much easier task than the former. Sort of like how it's easy to know N is the product of two large primes if you just multiplied two large primes together to get it. Dijkstra and Scholten's Predicate Calculus and Program Semantics is a good textbook on the subject. Dijkstra's a Discipline of Programming is much more informal, but I find it more readable and it has a number of good examples. This is an anti-science position. The inclination for people to hire those who remind them of themselves is well documented which means if you're not doing it to save money then you're doing it to favor your tribe. These pages are both grossly biased and intellectually dishonest. While I wouldn't go so far as to say it's impossible to impute motive from action, it's irresponsible to call defending borders racist when there are other reasonable and less incendiary explanations. I've historically supported the ACLU's mission, but right now they are showboating for donations and that plan is working out great for them which means we can expect them to double down on the strategy. It's no secret that a significant portion of political activism and fund-raising is just skinning suckers. The right ran the same scam on its constituents during the Obama years. It's pretty easy actually. It's pretty much the same argument one uses to justify building a fence around any other piece of property. None of us have very good insight into the administration's actions. We do know that the most provocative thing it has done so far was also called for by Bill Clinton and Barrack Obama. If you suddenly feel it's a huge deal now but you didn't then, it's probably because effective persuasion techniques have altered your world-view. Personally I hate having my reality manipulated like that and I go full contrarian, but everyone has to make their own decision about the reality tunnel they want to inhabit. PG's essay http://paulgraham.com/submarine.html is a good eye opener. From there, read Robert Cialdini's books. While persuasion works on everyone, even if they know the techniques and even if they know they are being applied, being aware that it's being done is still better than not. The most effective (while assuredly strictly incorrect) approach I know of is to assume that everything you hear is true. All of it, good, bad, indifferent, from all sides. And then weight all of that in the context of your own values and make the decision you think is right. While this requires holding contradictory beliefs, that's clearly something we as humans are more than capable of so why not use it? "I want a country with law and order, where police officers listen to the courts, not to the president." You should learn a bit more about how our legal system works. Separation of powers means the Judicial branch can't have control over an executive power like policing. He has the ear of the President of the United States. I don't know how to put a price on that, but I'm positive it's worth a lot. I didn't say it is, just that an analogous argument can be applied. First you postulate citizenship as membership in a private club. The club's bylaws determine who gets to be a member and how the club's property is to be managed and protected. The rest is trivial and I'm not actually a libertarian so I'm not going to bother working through it. This kind of cognitive dissonance is a reliable indicator that persuasion techniques have been applied. Interestingly, presenting contrary facts is well-established to have virtually no persuasive power. If you really want to expand your mind try the technique in the post you're replying to. If you're comfortable inhabiting a reality where a crazy oompa loompa is going to drop nukes any day now, carry on then. "which has resulted in at least 1 death" this is not true. Too bad nobody agrees on what those are. So you can tolerate each other, segregate yourself, or fight. The New York Times take on the ruling: "Judge Robart's brisk ruling contained almost no reasoning." The only time I've seen this is in well thought out articles demonstrating that Trump is absolutely nothing like Hitler. Here is a good example: https://regiehammblog.wordpress.com/2017/02/01/this-hitler-n... Anyone reading this who feels a powerful urge to jump in and demonstrate their confirmation bias in a reply is invited to stop, take a deep breath, and think about it first. Also, the larger a team is, the more the average ability of the team will approach the average ability of the population it recruits from. This article was written with the intent to make its readers worse at recognizing patterns. Put bluntly, it was written to make you more stupid for the benefit of the authors or their principals. It doesn't belong here. The persuasion is ham-handed and obvious, but clearly effective enough to get it on the front page here. "I oppose hiring practices that would exclude me." Really? How profound. Shantytown.com Peer review is basically just proof-reading, and taking 60 pages to present 10 pages of findings is exactly the kind of thing a proof-reader should catch. "Specifically, we were mapping the vulnerable period of the cardiac cycle. This interval, lasting a mere 0.035 of a second in duration, occurs with each heartbeat. It is the only moment in the cardiac cycle when the heart is susceptible to ventricular fibrillation. Once the chaotic rhythm of ventricular fibrillation ensues, the heart stops pumping blood. Spontaneous recovery is impossible. Within a few minutes life is extinguished. Electrical current, irrespective of intensity, will not disrupt the heart’s rhythm if delivered outside the vulnerable period." https://bernardlown.wordpress.com/2010/12/15/thumpversion-fo... More support for the exploding planets hypothesis! https://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/sumer_anunnaki/esp_sumer_... Modern smartphones are an incredible accessibility device for the both partially and fully blind persons. The freedom they offer is virtually unimaginable to people who haven't seen the different they make in people's lives. "98% of my success can probably be attributed to my parents being awesome" All traits are heritable. Good nutrition actually increases the heritability of traits. For example height is roughly 80% heritable in first-world countries but only 60% heritable in third-world countries. Why? Because reducing deleterious environmental effects like malnutrition, neglect, and so on actually increases the relative contribution of genetic factors. Unsustainable processes always end. It sounds like your beliefs on the subject rest primarily on an emotional basis. Information is nonsense. In our models perfect information and perfect noise are indistinguishable. Usually this is just hand-waved away, but we all know where you go when you start with an incoherent definition –anywhere your imagination can carry you. One of the major philosophical errors technically educated but philosophically ignorant intelligent persons make is not being aware of the role of the interpretant. Computing "neural networks" have biological neural networks as a necessary precondition. CS Peirce's understanding of semiotic really should be required reading. Charitably I'd call the tendency to say we are computers (that is to say, we've built machines in our own image) the pathetic fallacy. Less charitably I'd call it idolatry. The dream of building gods is ancient and persistent. To answer your question, what's going on in the human mind remains a mystery to all honest inquirers. Speech is far more dangerous than guns which is why the second amendment came second. With a gun you can shoot dozens, maybe hundreds of people. A charismatic speaker can cause megadeaths and will, sooner or later, cause gigadeaths. I have good news for you. US citizens don't actually like watching people die on the street, not even the ones on the right. It might have something to do with this chart: http://i.huffpost.com/gen/926781/thumbs/s-COLLEGE-TEXTBOOKS-... (not just textbooks). Remember of course that median incomes have been almost exactly flat over the same interval. "the fungus requires use of the ant's nervous system and sensory processing to figure out where a high up place is" How do you know this? If people didn't routinely fail simple "can you think and write it in code" problems like fizz buzz I wouldn't ask them. But they do so I do. Dijkstra observed that the majority of working programmers can't even write a correct binary search. I tried using it as an interview question and gave up because nobody got it right. The speculation about cryptocurrency valuations is a great example of how bad people are at dealing with radical novelties. People spout meaningless analogies, be they about decades old market crashes or centuries old speculative frenzies like tulip bulbs, as if they apply here when clearly they cannot. As far as I know there is no historical precedent for cryptographically secure ledgers with distributed consensus. I'm not trying to poo-poo the article, sometimes we really do have to admit that here be dragons. Good luck transacting in gold, because it can't be done efficiently due to assaying costs. You can transact in metal bars stamped by Credit Suisse or another bank, or coins minted by some sovereign or other trusted authority, but nobody in their right mind is going to accept plain gold for any transaction. Without the imprimatur of some authority, it's simply not trustworthy. There is a major problem with how programmers are judged. Say you are given a seriously challenging and apparently problem; that is to say the naive approaches are all hideous train wrecks. You work on it long and hard, until you have a key insight that allows you to implement the simplest most elegant solution. Now a naive observer will look at it, say well that's obvious, and then ask why you wasted a week to write 40 lines of code. Why should these women be denied the opportunity to do this job, supposing they want to do it? That's because the skills and traits that get you straight As in school are not the skills and traits that produce innovation and greatness. The former relies on conforming to set expectations and the latter involves either ignoring those expectations altogether, or exceeding them to such a degree that they can barely be said to apply at all and in the process setting an entirely new baseline. Anyone who has any understanding of American history and our national character can see why we're attracted to nonconformists who achieve great success. Poverty and wealth are both primarily consequences rather than causes. It's very easy to confuse the direction of the arrow of causation though. And of course I say primarily because there are feedback loops that muddy the picture a bit. Saying wealth is a predictor of success is like saying success is a predictor of success. You're not wrong, but it's not a very interesting statement. And I don't know about you, but the nerds at my school didn't waste their time on pointless crap like learning to pretend to do physics while not using calculus (preferring to do the bare minimum to get adequate grades) and instead poured their passion into things like sports, playing chess and magic, and teaching themselves how to program. Saint Nicholas was very real however, and had a mean right hook for heretics. "You're just not using it correctly" is absolutely correct, by definition, in all cases where "Agile" is imposed as some kind of top-down corporate policy. Excuse me while I enjoy a nice hit of dopamine for writing this witty response. mMMMM dopamine. What was that about damaging my mind now? You are absolutely correct. Pain is far more than a simple signaling mechanism to tell you to take your hand off the stove. One of its more interesting applications is as a pathway to mystical experiences. In the Christian tradition for example one uses one's own pain to come into a kind of spiritual alignment with Christ's experience and in that way become closer to God. I'm not particularly familiar with other spiritual traditions, but I'd be shocked if every single major one doesn't have some kind of mystical algetic praxis. This is basically the position of the alt-right, neoreaction, and similar "movements." Money has/is currency when it is generally accepted. Bitcoin is unlikely to ever be generally accepted for various reasons. The transaction costs are too high, it's inconvenient for typical currency users, and you can't pay essential expenses such taxes in it. One reason that people are working on blockchain things all over the place because money is pouring into it at an absurd rate thanks to investors' fear of missing out on the next big thing. This is not a criticism, there is nothing wrong with entrepreneurs going where the capital is. To pay US tax obligations on BTC transactions. This article is clickbait garbage. Efficiency is a lousy primary metric to run a society by. Why do companies pay so much for computer programmers? Because on average they make a massive net profit per programmer, that's why. There aren't many other fields where one person can increase productivity by orders of magnitude. When was the last time a clever doctor reduced the number of nurses required to handle a fixed number of patients by a factor of a hundred? Good developers do this routinely! We tend to think of parents having offspring, but in a very real sense offspring use their parents as an entropy dump. Feynman's Lectures on Computation are a great read that explores the physical limits of computation and information. Tribalist identity politics are inevitable in all multicultural societies. You can bemoan human nature, but you can't change it. That's not to say multicultural societies can't be successful, with discipline and genius it can be done. For example Lee Kuan Yew ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lee_Kuan_Yew ) did a great job with Singapore. Nations are a logical consequence of heritability and therefore this headline is provably false. It's easy to get confused because of how nation, state, and nation-state are often conflated. The defining characteristic of a nation is a group of people tied by birth and anyone with a high school or better understanding of English etymology should know that. Language, culture, and other ancillary features are also all strongly heritable. I'm referring to all forms of heritability. Also, the Out of Africa conjecture Is Made Up: https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/is-the-out-of-afr... > No, the defining characteristic of a nation is a group of people united by a shared identity grounded in any or all of descent, culture, history, or language Wrong. > Anyone with a high school or better knowledge of language should know that etymology may suggest meaning, but is not a reliable guide to it. Right. Another good example is the Polish nation, which lost and regained it's state more than once. Contrariwise, many people find his communication style refreshing and entertaining with his book sales being a solid exhibit in favor of that. Also, most people are stupid compared to Mr. Taleb, that's just a simple function of his observably high intelligence. That said, I've never seen him treat someone as stupid who doesn't first act stupid, and he's demonstrably willing to engage with people publicly on fair terms. It's a good test though: do personalities like Taleb and Dijkstra entertain you or do they offend you? Introspecting on why they do or don't is a great opportunity for personal growth. I do take my own advice about introspection and thank you for your concern. Much like Mr. Taleb, I just don't see it as a problem. If my personality allows me to appreciate a communication style others have trouble with, without restricting me from appreciating other communications styles that they do not, then I have access to a broader and more diverse set of knowledge and interactions. I find the trade-off acceptable. The IRS is actually quite helpful, you just have to ask. For example you can request that they give you all the information they have on you. This can make filing or amending old returns significantly easier. And in my experience at least, their customer service people are courteous and genuinely helpful. It's nothing at all like the standard substandard DMV experience. Another cool thing is they have an absolutely fantastic record for providing real opportunities (not just busywork) to disabled persons. We are still in an ice age and we just happen to live in an interglacial period. The Earth has the large polar continent, and multiple other continents arranged such that they greatly impede the free flow of water currents around the globe that are necessary for mass glaciation. In these conditions, glaciation can easily lead to a positive feedback loop and once that gets going the effect is rapid (think order months to years, not decades). It logically follows that any faith that believes God to be a unitary creator is going to attribute math to Him. Your absolutely correct observation about gaps notwithstanding, the driving question for me here is this: why does math work so well? I personally exclude any explanation that doesn't involve the Logos in some form as incoherent, but I don't have a specific answer and probably never will. My first thought on student loans is this: Why can't I as a retail investor get a taste of that federally guaranteed 7% return? Oh right, because it's a racket meant to favor insiders who are already fabulously wealthy. It must be nice to be so rich that you can make it effectively illegal for anything to make you less rich or even to make you get more rich more slowly. The Catholic Church teaches that killing in self-defense in self defense is legitimate. In fact, it can even be a grave duty. So that means this is hardly just an American idea. It's an adaptive behavior that increases evolutionary fitness. A lot of Jews are still mad that the greatest man among them started the most successful and enduring sect of Judaism ever, and then had the gall to welcome foreigners. Or maybe it's not steep enough. A forced-sell situation doesn't leave much pricing power. The classical Roman fire-sale is the archetypical case. Also I'm sure many taxpayers will elect not to pay the capital gains before tax day, deciding instead to ride out interest and penalties in favor for being able to sell at a higher price. This could get interesting. I would love to see an after the fact analysis that deduces the relative market power of buyers and sellers from the transaction history. Because K&R had terrible keyboards so they abbreviated everything as much as possible. Traditionally := was used for assignment, which makes sense since it is an asymmetric symbol for an asymmetric operation. Are we really supposed to take this seriously? Are they stupid, or do they think we're stupid? Of course there are foreign powers that demonstrably buy (not steal) US elections. Israel observably does with AIPAC being the most notable. I'm sure plenty of other foreign countries do the same to a greater or lesser degree. Does anyone really think the London financial elite have no influence on US elections? It's funny how all of these globalist shills suddenly get nationalist when it comes to Russia because of Trump. This is because oral arguments don't actually matter. Chief Justice Rehnquist makes this abundantly clear in his wonderful book The Supreme Court. This is quality clickbait. The title grabs you with its absurdity, and then you get some ego-preserving justifications for a lack of industriousness, along with some of the now mandatory virtue signaling. The actual content is nonsensical, but the presentation is impressive. "Soft default" is a completely meaningless term used only by "hard" money enthusiasts–which apparently means gold and now distributed computer games ledgers. The reality is there is no such thing as a "soft default," there is just an elastic money supply. At what level of elasticity does it stop being normal balance sheet expansion and start being "soft default?" I find it helpful when discussing literally quantifiable subjects like sovereign accounting, to stick to terms that can be meaningfully defined. Those who do not are being ignorant or dishonest. The way modern money actually works is completely alien to what most people believe (and those beliefs are reasonable based on their limited exposure to sovereign finances). Nobody likes learning that they are completely wildly wrong and ignorant about something they thought they understood perfectly and so responses are seldom positive or, sadly, constructive. Nobody said money is infinitely elastic, it observably isn't. It's arbitrarily elastic. Default "hard," "soft," or "gooey" implies reneging on an agreement. The Federal Reserve's agreement with its primary currency user requires maximum employment, stable prices, and moderate long-term interest rates. It also promises to pay you dollars for your dollars. More importantly, the vast majority of money used by citizens and thus that can have an effect on inflation (which is caused by too much money chasing too few goods and services) isn't controlled by the Federal Government or the Federal Reserve. It's created ex nihilo as deposits in privately owned licensed banks. Is a bank "soft" defaulting on its depositors every time it creates a mortgage which results in the creation of new deposits, often in the amounts thousands of times larger than the typical depositor's entire account? As I'm sure you know, allocating your entire savings into a single asset at a single point in time is probably the worst possible strategy. Compare it to slowly shifting your savings allocation from cash to the same single asset gradually and continuously over the course of years. In the latter case, sure you get the Black Friday loss, but you also get the Golden Monday buying opportunity. Since nobody can reliably time the market, this is about as good as an unsophisticated person can do. And those who have enough money to pursue a more sophisticated strategy don't need a hacker news commenter telling them about allocation strategies. The article avoids pointing out the obvious, but the map makes it clear this rise is predominantly among white Americans. Something is going to burn it no matter what. The microbiome considers hydrocarbons food. There is a running joke that all geographical heat maps are palette swapped demographic maps. Reasonable cost of living and good jobs. Or you can marry someone who doesn't consider divorce an option, for example a devout Catholic. Of course that assumes they will stick to their beliefs in the face of temptation, and observably many do not. I worry that well-meaning efforts at mass climate engineering will cause far more harm than letting nature run her course. I'm not convinced there is a causal relationship between human activity and CO2 levels or average temperatures (ignoring urban heat island and similar effects). Sure there is a correlation, but we all know what that means. The kind of atmospheric engineering that scares me is exactly the tool that would be required to show a causal relationship. Another point of concern is that none of the doom and gloom predictions are made by any climate model. All a climate model can do is make predictions about, well, climate. It takes an economic or some other sociological model to predict how that change in climate will affect human beings and societies, and what the costs (and benefits!) will be. Even if you trust the climate models 100% you'd be a fool to trust the economic or sociological models. How can one rationally justify an intervention is worth the cost when one can't know the cost of what is being prevented? I believe I am taking the skeptical approach. I've read a lot on the subject and most of what I find is appeals to fear and other emotions, for example that climate change is going to destroy the earth. Actually the Earth did quite well during the carboniferous period all things considered. Maybe human activity is responsible for the increase in CO2. I don't deny that. They are correlated. I accept that. But maybe there is a third variable or combination of variables that is driving CO2 levels? Is that really so unreasonable. It seems awfully anthropocentric and, honestly, arrogant, to assume that human activity is the only thing that affects atmospheric composition. Perhaps you should take your own advice? > The idea that CO2 level rises is not due to human activity is as far out there as saying you've invented a perpetual motion machine. Honestly. No it isn't. Also, I never positively stated that it isn't. Human beings have been releasing CO2 for a lot longer than the Otto cycle has been around. Please spare me the ridiculous straw men. The Earth had far higher CO2 concentrations in the past than it ever has had since we evolved. Clearly human behavior is not the only possible cause of net changes in atmospheric composition. Thank you for this response. It's the first one with new information in it. I hate to say it, but your posts are a great example of the generally low quality of discourse on this subject. Veiled threats of verbal beatdowns and ridiculous claims like that climate models that have to be updated monthly are as solid as Newtonian dynamics do not indicate intellectual honesty or rationality. One can reasonably question if climate changes can be reasonably measured over a 150 year time frame. At a geological scale climate change has been ongoing for about 4 and a half billion years. Saying that the latest .3333x10^(-6)% of that data stream is sufficient to deduce a new trend is pretty amazing if true. On the other hand processes like glaciation and desertification can happen with alarming rapidity. Supposedly the former can occur in less than a year http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-1227990/Ice-A... . Those are two kinds of climate change that I consider cause for concern. The dust bowl was a big deal. And then there are things like super volcano eruptions. Established computing principles are theorems that are true by construction, the strongest possible form of truth. Climate models are fancy regression fits to low quality data. We know the raw data is low quality because it requires intense amounts of adjustment before the model makers can use it. You have correctly assessed your ability at persuasion. The traditional definition is that marriage is a covenant by which a man and a woman establish between themselves a partnership of the whole of life and which is ordered by its nature to the good of the spouses and the procreation and education of offspring. The more cynical modernist take is that it's a mix between a tax break and privatized welfare that should be abandoned as soon as it stops feeling good. In other words local government is no longer fit for purpose. Or one could lift weights, which is even safer and has many positive ancillary effects. https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapsychiatry/article-abst... Some people really appreciate the blunt communications style. Some people don't. I personally believe one should be able to appreciate all communications styles, because it provides you access to more information. Ignoring something smart because one got bad feelings from how it was said strikes me as rather puerile. Your point is taken, but one must remember that in the end we are all of us responsible for our own lives. There's a reason why people who lift joke that the heaviest weight in the gym is the front door. One approach that has worked well for many is establishing positive habits to displace negative ones. That takes a while, but there are tricks to help, like having a group to hold you accountable. You appear to have some kind of problem with morality. I recommend ignoring such persons on the grounds that listening to them is likely to cause harm and unlikely to be beneficial. True democracy would select representatives through a lottery draft. The average IQ of the Internet user population has dropped at least two standard deviations from the pre-commercial days to now. As a result the quality really truly has dropped. I suspect that whatever eventually displaces Facebook is going to accomplish that by somehow dumbing things down even more. If the service they're providing is only necessary because of artificial barriers, then basically yes. The banking cartel that controls the payment system is a huge fan of collecting economic rents, yes. One of the major causes of procrastination is being assigned obviously pointless busy-work. It's hard to be motivated when you know that you're just box-checking. It was only moderate sensible levels of child sacrifice! You're right. It's absolutely unfair that Energizer is ripping customers off to the tune of 30%. Also wow this is terrible reporting. "Around 2009..." is it too much effort to find a real date? Tlaloc thirsts! Look do you want rain or not? The reasons for using Docker are social, not technological. It is interesting how the default assumption is always that the employee is at fault. There's a reason why high quality employees always consider the specific manager when evaluating a job offer. I understand why that presumption exists though, because blaming the manager is an obvious strategy for an underperforming employee to follow. Bonus points for alleging violating some protected status. Funny how the word "immigration" never appears in these articles. Any intellectually honest assessment of the waning American middle class needs to consider the overwhelming post 1965 demographic changes. Regardless of your personal feelings on the matter, adding tens of millions of very poor people to a population over the course of decades is, as a mathematical certainty, going to reduce the median wealth of the population. Then add to that dynamic effects such as increased demand for housing and other necessities, higher taxes to cover increased costs of health, education, welfare, and so on, and it's no wonder the fading middle class is getting squeezed. I was very careful not to make any value judgments or even prescriptions. I'm simply looking at facts and reasonable inferences from them. Some people will prefer to conclude that immigration is bad and should be reduced. Some people will prefer to conclude that immigration is great and should be increased. In the vast majority of cases people's preferences appear to align with their own perceived self interest. The people down-voting this post and my original one are assuredly members of the latter class. Immigration isn't a binary issue. One can reasonably conclude that tens of millions of poor uneducated foreigners are bad for the US population median wealth distribution, but tens of thousands of educated entrepreneurial foreigners are good for it. One can also do so without succumbing to the puerile some's good more's better pseudo-reasoning that dominates the Overton approved discourse on the subject. Also, supporting my original post, that massive influx of affluent foreigners has observably greatly increased the cost of living in the bay area. A person can make 6 figures and still be considered in poverty. This is clearly germane to any discussion of the middle class withering away. Loops are theoretically interesting and rich and with the right tools even the most complex cases can be written clearly and reasoned about easily. https://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/EWD/transcriptions/EWD03xx/E... is a good example of how mathematical reasoning is just as applicable to "imperative" programming as it is to "functional." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hoare_logic describes the syntax used. Graphs are arguably the fundamental data structure. If you can’t think about objects and references between them then how do you write nontrivial software? The tools are great if you’re Don Knuth! Yeah I never got in gear with CWEB either. You got almost the exact wrong impression. You're correct that my comment was a bit derisive, but the derision was aimed at myself. Don Knuth is a giant in our field. Also thanks for the reference. Dijkstra also challenged the sloppiness of traditional mathematicians frequently in his EWDs. His proof format is extremely readable, and each proof is a complete manipulable mathematical object, with the steps tied together by implication, consequence, or equivalence and the validity of the step documented. https://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/EWD/transcriptions/EWD10xx/E... is an example. That site has many others. Predicate Calculus and Program Semantics is a book that is based on the technique. Point is online security is a bad joke. You wrote it, you own it. The real interesting question is what happens when you get owned by what you didn't write? 640k is all the memory you'll ever need. Derek Lowe, of Things I Won't Work With fame, has an interesting post on the subject too: http://blogs.sciencemag.org/pipeline/archives/2018/06/22/alz... One of my coworkers is a trained particle physicist and he informs me he almost never sees properly designed experiments used by our A/B testers. The result is that the testers almost always find what they are looking to find. Von Neumann was a frightfully bright guy. He's also why I don't trust the predictive power of a model based on data fitting rather than an actual theory about the underlying mechanism. "With four parameters I can fit an elephant, and with five I can make him wiggle his trunk." I found this book a great read, but people who are emotionally invested in the error that the Church-Turing thesis implies brains are Turing machines will probably not like it. The really evil ones hang up on you after you've been on hold for a fixed period of time. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. No, it isn't. Throwing darts is probably actually a better way to make predictions about a stochastic process than naive chartism. Also the US federal government has been spending an extra $1 trillion in stimulus into the economy since 2009. We've had continuing budget resolutions since the ARRA was passed, and those always continue spending at the prior year's level. This is why the deficit went up $10 trillion. Or, if you're a half full kind of person, it's why private sector and foreign savings have gone up $10 trillion. Unfortunately it doesn't appear much of those new financial assets ended up in the hands of the so-called middle class. For those of is comfortably in the top quintile, this is no doubt true. I'm certain many of us who post here have done quite well over the last decade. However the historical American middle class has, by and large, not benefited nearly as much. The vast majority of the gains have been captured by the top 0.1%. Please don't mistake me for some kind of commie, PG's essay on the necessity for income inequality to drive innovation is convincing. But that doesn't mean we should celebrate shameless cronyism, kickbacks, and rent-seeking either. Growing middle class income is nice, but income is a very poor metric to use to determine economic class. Net worth is what really matters. You appear to be making an effort to come off as intelligent and I thought you might like to know that your accusations of arrogance when your post drips with it seriously undermines that. You fail to grasp a fundamental reality: data about the past can only tell us about the past. Data about the present can be useful for making predictions. Some of it is so useful that using it is criminally prosecuted by the SEC. By "naive" I mean any approach that relies solely on trends rather than an actual understanding of underlying causal factors. Sadly there are so many of those factors that a correct analysis is virtually impossible, but that's no excuse not to try since some factors tend to dominate others and those can sometimes be found. https://s3.amazonaws.com/gurufocus_userupload/508204100.jpg Fortunately it's quite easy to provide a compelling facsimile of emotional support. You just shut up and maybe hold the person while not obviously paying attention to something else. This is a solid exercise. I particularly enjoy reimplementing the C primitives in Lisp once the system is bootstrapped. I used a quine as one of my unit tests for EVAL too. Sadly I smell FUD virtually every time a security engineer opens his mouth. Yes there are some great ones, but I’ve never worked with one directly. Part of my skepticism is rooted in the prevalent ignorance of basic computing theory. If you can’t define the operational semantics of a system then you can’t rigorously convince yourself or anyone else that it is “secure.” That’s a well said example and actually very easy to establish formally by complementation. I don't really care if Hoare notation, the predicate calculus, or even English is the language of choice, so long as the argument is rigorous. That said we all know how difficult avoiding ambiguity is in English, so I wouldn’t choose it except for the broad strokes. There are realistic systems that are operationally secure by the given standard. Nuclear launch systems are the obvious example. “Best practice” is a euphemism for whatever it is the majority does. Nobody ever got fired for buying IBM. That’s not even reasoning. Finally, your paragraph about sandboxing is ill considered, but not that wrong. First all programs have operational semantics, the only question is how well understood they are. Second sandboxing is a constraint that is easily formally expressed by way of the logical consequence. I’m surprised you’re taking issue with that since you give a great example thereof. I think the post you’re responding to is referring to well established results such as that there is no metabolic pathway to convert dietary protein to adipose tissue. While some dietary protein is glycolysized, that pathway only satisfies immediate energy needs. Excess dietary protein that isn’t used on lean tissue is eliminated by the kidneys. definition of fermentation. Food for thought. Thanks. Stands to reason really. cd, ls, mv (crush the “move” heresy), ld, and others. Ambiguity creeps in at three characters. Who’s the man? This is why I get mad when people piss on RMS. No need to dwell on his defects, he has served our community immeasurably. Unless you’re Dwayne Johnson. Seriously though if you don’t have kidney disease then you really don’t have to worry about protein consumption. > Do you have a good paper about the full stack formalization/verification of a nuclear launch system? Bwahahaha you're funny. > If you try to formalize everything, you'll drown. If you strategically concede defeat and admit that some parts of the system aren't possible to formalize, you can get a lot of strong guarantees. You're contradicting yourself again. There's a reason why weakness is a strength in formalisms. Wholeheartedly agree! This entire thing we have going wouldn't be possible without the GNU project. And GNU would never have happened without RMS. The man is a giant. A giant with huge glaring flaws, but every single one of us that did anything with unix-like OSes in the past 30 years owes the man. Sadly I fear that much like Peirce, Stallman will be forgotten by history because of the acumen of his primary detractors. AI is nonsense. Dijkstra was right. I'm not saying that silicon/mechanical intelligence isn't possible. I'm unaware of any physical law that precludes it. But what we currently call "AI" is just the pathetic fallacy run wild. All that said, multidimensional data-driven linear recognizers are pretty impressive. You're not wrong, but it's still pretty clear that the PDP11 crew thought in keystrokes and not syllables. I'm also disgusted by the "it's natural" platitude some persons spout. But that doesn't mean it's a good idea to drink the latest clinically unproven science experiment like, for example, Coke Zero. Nobody has a clue what those small molecules actually do besides the obvious. I believe that intelligence is more than quantifiable. Von Neumann machines, no matter how complex, will never achieve intelligence. Again, to be completely clear, I’m not claiming machine intelligence is impossible, just that what we see presently isn’t it in any honest sense. Rendered in English: Automated statistics is a consequence of machine learning. Machine learning is a consequence of AI. I don't understand your point. Please explain. I charitably assume he's drawing from the fact that all true intelligences we can observe are capable of self-replication. Peter Norvig's Paradigms of AI Programming: Case Studies in Common Lisp is a good read too. Thanks for clarifying. The man was such a polymath and has made so many contributions I should have been more clear myself. Those California income taxes also apply to capital gains. Yeah, but you have to live someplace that's so depressing that 90% of the population is overweight and self-medicates with some combination of coffee, alcohol, marijuana, and adderall. Yeah Vancouver island is beautiful! Oh wait I misread that as some people find great weather in the pacific northwest. I believe the real distinction is susceptibility to different types of persuasion. It’s easily observable that the vast majority of people don’t have their own opinion on any subject that receives significant media attention, because their opinion is exactly that espoused by said media (this includes entertainment as well as news). Since the remain faction had almost complete media support, we must conclude that brexit voters were persuaded by other factors. I believe this approach of looking at biddability rather than whatever the arbitry set of opinions being pushed at present will lead to better models. It’s not the Supreme Court’s job to make policy. This is a job for Congress. The first amendment doesn’t give you the right to use someone else’s printing press or network. This is a completely reasonable ruling. You’re free to start your own ISP. There are plenty of Democrat VCs. I’m sure they have no interest in greed and will be happy to fund you for purely idealistic reasons. That depends on the contract you signed with them. Even common carriers can refuse to transport objects. Many forbid even disassembled firearms for example. Republicans generally oppose what they consider unnecessary public spending and public control of markets. Reasonable people can disagree on the merits of that posture, but where’s the hypocrisy? Also, I’m not sure that law actually precludes a municipality from setting up an independent public utility that funds itself with subscription fees rather than taxes. This happens at every gun show too. It’s public information. You don’t have an expectation of privacy about your license plate. The exact opposite is true: you’re legally required to display it prominently whenever your vehicle is on the public highway. ICE goes after human traffickers too. Pretty sure if you’re drunk in public with your kids and get arrested you will in fact be forcibly separated. Also this is a great example of static thinking, because it completely ignores dynamic effects. Ban family separation, how humane! Second order effect: incentivize bringing children when committing crimes. A sane and compassionate, as well as moral and just, society doesn’t want to encourage bring your kids to crime day either. Let me google that for you: https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wsj.com/amp/articles/gun-sh... I don’t think reporting criminals to the police makes one an asshole. If you want open borders that’s fine. We have a congress and they can legally pass that policy. Write your representative and senators or something. If it doesn’t make sense then, at risk of being too frank, you aren’t actually thinking about higher order effects. In an otherwise intelligent person, which you clearly are, this indicates emotion is dominating reasoning. I get it, pedophrasty* is extremely effective rhetoric. Domestic criminals who get arrested for a misdemeanor while having their children along don’t get to bring them to jail or get immediately released on their own recognizance. And yes there are plenty of arrestible misdemeanors. * https://medium.com/incerto/pedophrasty-bigoteering-and-other... > Republicans claim to favor local control over state and federal control. But in fact they are perfectly happy to exercise state control over local government (or federal control over state government) if local control threatens business interests or empowers minorities or women. You just disqualified yourself from being considered intellectually honest by engaging in bigoteering. > The Founders clearly intended for the means of communication to be a public good. The government's duty to provide a postal service is written into the Constitution. But the postal service was simply the state of the art in communications technology in 1791 Again, don't take this the wrong way, but your ignorance is shocking. There was this little thing called the (optical) telegraph that was a bit more state of the art than post horses. Furthermore, Ben Franklin quite clearly states that in order to have freedom of the press you must first have a press. The 1st amendment wasn't construed by any of the founders to imply socialized printing presses. Actually it's done to US citizens routinely. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/06/22/us/family-separation-amer... . And before you quibble, recall that jail is for misdemeanors. Again, your reasoning faculty has been overwhelmed by effective rhetoric. Take a deep breath, step back, and start using your left hemisphere. > Imagine the complexity of Amazon.com or Netflix were a monolith. That was called Obidos and it's shortcomings were why Jeff pushed through the services mandate at Amazon. COM wasn't a picnic to work with back when it was the new thing. The toolchain sucked. I'll never write another line of MIDL in my life. Actually computing science is the most well understood science. Physicists can only give results with a few millionths* of accuracy, a computing scientist can prove a theorem about his subject matter with perfect accuracy. Everyone else, including doctors, who call themselves scientists are just trying to float on the cachet physicists earned with their astonishingly good predictions. Properly speaking, they are phenomenologists . Please note that I'm not saying what they do isn't of great societal and intellectual value! The study and categorization of phenomena is certainly a noble enterprise. But none of them can make predictions good to 9 decimal places. *might be billionths or quadrillionths by now in QED, but doesn't change my point. Formal logic is a tool used by computing scientists and that they made almost incredible contributions to. It’s a tool that’s available to other scientists too, and the more rigorously minded ones use it. For your latter point, it’s a matter of elegance, which is a pretty way of saying cognitively manageable. Think of epicycles vs Newtonian mechanics as an analogy. With enough epicycles you can compute the same result, but Newton’s approach is still a clear scientific advance. Your point about design is well taken. Any given design is analogous to a theory. So we should aim for the simplest and most cognitively manageable design that satisfies our needs. That’s not literally formalized, but it’s a well established principle with an excellent record. > You might also want to look up "glass houses" and "throwing stones". You might want to read the link you shared. “Modern design of semaphores was first foreseen by the British polymath Robert Hooke, who gave a vivid and comprehensive outline of visual telegraphy to the Royal Society in a 1684 submission in which he outlined many practical details.” and “One of the first experiments of optical signalling was carried out by the Anglo-Irish landowner and inventor, Sir Richard Lovell Edgeworth in 1767” >The Internet is not a printing press. Web sites are printing presses. The Internet is the means by which content is distributed, not the means by which it is produced. You’re not even wrong. An AR 15 lower is not explosive or a dangerous chemical. It’s no more dangerous than any other couple pound hunk of metal. But common carriers choose not to transport them even though it’s safe and legal. It’s not surprising that a business based on providing printouts of yesterday’s wire stories plus classified ads isn’t doing well. "Syntax vs. Semantics: We are frustrated by how frequently discussions about programming languages revolve around syntax." I couldn't agree more strongly. Syntax is bikeshedding and semantics is language design. My favorite example is the wholesale abandonment of M-Expressions by the early lispers. I don't know of any other (kind of) mainstream language community that has so wholeheartedly put semantics first. Maybe the ML family? Any other examples? Please forgive my generalizing, but there aren't a lot of specifics to work with. Scope creep is often a major factor in situations like this. In my experience product people usually believe that relatively small feature changes imply relatively small engineering effort, and of course that doesn't hold generally. Sometimes product people will try to sneak scope creep by as a "clarification" of requirements, which almost always leads to the situation you're in. So, depending on your environment, it may be constructive to draw attention to this, if it's applicable. I'll never forget the first time I drove in Boston as a teenager. I came up to a forest of stoplights, some red some green hanging haphazardly at an intersection of seven streets, and my burning question was: which one is mine? I went when the driver behind me started honking. That's what the Jesus Christ Made Seattle Under Protest mnemonic is for. Jefferson, James, Cherry, Columbia, Marion, Madison, Spring, Seneca, University, Union, Pike, Pine I was engaging in a little hyperbole. Dijkstra has some compelling monographs on the value of choosing good syntax, it's true. You understood my meaning though as referring to the standard substandard discussion of the subject. Yeah Dijkstra, Hoare, Knuth, Lamport, and friends are basically my heroes. Algol 60 is fine work. It has a very readable syntax. It's easy to see why it's even now used for scholarly publication. Hadn't heard of Milner though, any suggested reading? One upside of open offices is that by reducing average productivity, they make it easier for employees with an effective coping strategy to more easily surpass their peers. Thank you for this lucid description of the authoritarian position. Why was this flagged? Men using violence to enforce a preferred policy is exactly authoritarian. A simple factual description is in no way pejorative. Local control of communities and migration to an amenable community for your desires instead of trying to force your preferences on others with the barrel of a gun. What happens when you apply this author’s standard to this work? I stopped reading before I got to that point thanks to the author’s argument on account of I took his advice. Thanks for the datum. This is really beautiful HTML The objections raised there are all legitimate. Generally usable public key infrastructure is, sadly, vaporware. Yegge's security vs accessibility rant/monograph should be required reading. The NPM team's choice to favor accessibility is a reasonable choice. The trade-offs are significant. How many times has this happened and not been caught? I meant a work or works by Milner I don’t mind sites that detect my adblocker and refuse to load. It’s their right to control access to their system based on user behavior. I also don’t mind not accessing their content. There are plenty of alternatives. Console FPS and PC FPS practically play like different genres that happen to have very similar visuals. I doubt either will replace the other. I’m certainly willing to pay for $10 more memory in exchange for not getting owned. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Space–time_tradeoff Google focuses very strongly on time, so I’m unsurprised that they are willing to trade space for time. Of course it’s possible Chrome is also outright wasting space, time, or both, but I have no idea if it is to a nontrivial extent. Do you really believe that having an always on Internet uploading microphone in your private domicile is equivalent to using a grocery loyalty card? Also phone carriers have well established restrictions on lawful intercepts. In today's interest rate environment with that kind of net worth you can, with very little risk, get 4%. "How I retired on $120,000/year of economic rents" No doubt phone can be compromised, but listening to everything one says isn't its designed purpose. It's the intended use of the "smart" microphone that's fundamentally untrustworthy. Even if everything works exactly as intended, recordings are available on the owning company's servers and they are subject to discovery, lawful or otherwise. Also advanced, but quite readable: https://www.amazon.com/Discipline-Programming-Edsger-W-Dijks... This reminds me of the parenting advice that the best thing you can do for a child is cause them to have a positive peer group. Pretty much everyone knows this intuitively, which is why "good school districts" and private schools command such hefty premiums. Dirac independently rediscovered the purl stitch. https://books.google.com/books?id=Su-k9Kld5ooC&pg=PA232&lpg=... China is 6000 years old and it had never been anything even remotely resembling a democracy. It’s going to remain a bureaucratic autocracy just as it always has been. And that’s fine, it’s worked very well for the Han. Made possible only by massive US assistance, both intentional and unintentional. China’s trajectory is probably self sustaining at this point, but who knows for how long. All people are irrational about some things, which vary from person to person. I had the enjoyable experience of sitting at a tech conference and listening to the others in my group tell one of my friends that he had no idea what he was talking about when he said they weren't designing a proper experiment. I was the only one there who knew he's a particle physicist. The OP is horrifyingly right. If you've got the money, you can always just increase your sample size until significance is achieved. This is a very good article that highlights the importance of semantics. My Bondage and My Freedom is one of the few assigned reading books I really enjoyed. A friend of mine is a Seattle bus driver and he witnesses terrible things up to and including child sex trafficking. And the cops don’t care a whit when he reports things. Public transportation in major US cities is cancer. I know it can theoretically be good, but it seldom is. Is API compatibility computable in general? My instinct is that it is, but I’ve never seen a theorem. It's been a while, since I studied this, but linear bounded automata are arguably a better model for the real computers we can actually build and the halting problem is computable for LBAs. Fully half of the startups I've worked for have the primary (unstated) business model of transferring assets from investors to executives, with the nominal business activity only pursued to the minimum extent necessary to further the executives' real aim. I wonder to what extent these numbers are caused by similar control frauds , or if I've just been particularly unlucky. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Control_fraud Food supply is in fact a national security issue. They got rich. VCs are very rarely willing to sue or press charges. The most egregious behavior I saw was at a VOIP startup where after being fired the executives stole the switching hardware from the data centers and started a new VOIP startup almost immediately. This is the problem with control frauds and executive malfeasance. While it's negative sum as a whole, it's a sure thing for crooked executives which makes it highly tempting in an environment where there is no real risk of meaningful repercussions. Dijkstra raised the distinction between pleasantness and correctness. Since most programs are unspecified there is no logical grounds for declaring their behavior incorrect. Unpleasant behavior abounds however, but if your users are willing or forced to accept that unpleasantness then it can be rational to let it stand. The opening Dijkstra quote is out of context and deeply misleading. See https://www.cs.utexas.edu/~EWD/transcriptions/EWD03xx/EWD303... for his views on the subject. If the H-1B statutes were enforced as written then the total number of applicants accepted each year would comfortably fit in a large conference room. Southern California faces a similar challenge. There are many interesting fossils and any sizable work site is going to find something. Usually it just gets surreptitiously trashed, but occasionally it’s something so awesome the builders actually follow the law. Having worked with H-1B "principal engineers" who can't write a bash script, I'm thinking yes, this is true. The decline in trust in "experts" isn't because people are stupid, it's because even uneducated Americans are actually pretty smart, more than smart enough to know when they're being lied to. This applies to people on both sides of the issues, it's just that the people who prefer the liars' side pretend not to notice the lying since they perceive it as beneficial to their interests. So in the limit case where 100% of the STEM employment is foreign the average wages of native workers will be 220% higher than they are now? What mechanism will achieve this remarkable result? There are 265 million professional soccer players according to FIFA* and 736 were in the world cup. If the US accepted foreign developers at the same rate, that is 0.00027%, then of the 14.6 million that would be 41 individuals rounding up. So yes, they would comfortably fit in a large conference room. * https://www.fifa.com/mm/document/fifafacts/bcoffsurv/emaga_9... Their competition is incompetent. This was at a Linux shop. I've never worked with a native employee with this particular defect for any appreciable length of time. They always get let go. The H-1Bs however, in my experience, don't. Why might that be? That’s a different question. I’m not a mind reader so I have no idea if they are lying or just incorrect when they say things that aren’t true. Rosanne. Interesting how tenuous alleged racism is reprehensible, but explicit tweets about enjoying pedophilia are just jokes. Me personally, I think child sexual abuse is at least as bad as saying someone looks like their facelifted face is out of an old b movie. Rosanne says she didn’t mean it to be racist. I’m not a mind reader, but apparently half the users of the Internet have that gift. Until I acquire it, I’m stuck with an interpretation where her word is evidence for her intent. I think your mindreading must have misfired, because I don’t even know who that is. Rest assured I judge liberals by the same standard: assume honesty, good faith, and a lack of privileged access to their mental processes. The James Gunn case is a little different. He explicitly claimed to have graphically enjoyed a video he received from a convicted child pornographer. I’m deeply disappointed on account of I quite like his work, but that really is especially disgusting. There is no room for ambiguity in his tweets as there is with the infamous Rosanne one. Edit: you’re pretty downvote happy. Is that really necessary for a good faith discussion? Whether this is true depends entirely on where you live and what your living circumstances are. > Sorry, since you didn't bother to actually mention who you were talking about I just assumed it was the first person Google returned results for. My mistake. Interesting how there is literally a confusingly large number of leftists making pedophile jokes. One neat thing is that their fallback mechanism is to have a human being sort out the mess. There are offices full of people whose job it is to find a workaround or at least smooth ruffled feathers. Sometimes it doesn't work out. I'd say it's actually not the easy to think about. There is a lot of complexity it's easy to just ignore when your brain keeps dragging you back to the trivial, computationally, scheduling concerns in your own life. It's a good example of how the brain can have a basically wrong model that is good enough for a tiny part of the problem space commonly encountered. > Maybe you can find some open source project to contribute to to show you capabilities. I came here to say this. It's a big deal. It proves that you can write quality code and work with a team. It's also trendy, which doesn't hurt. Germane meditations from the pioneer of kvetching about the standard substandard approach to programming: https://www.cs.utexas.edu/~EWD/transcriptions/EWD10xx/EWD103... The best introduction I’ve ever read is Michael Sipser’s Introduction to the Theory of Computation. It is eminently readable. It somehow manages to be logically rigorous while remaining approachable. I couldn’t recommend a book more strongly for someone such as yourself. As a bonus it’s not even particularly long. It mentions harming a native biosphere that may exist. John Conway's On Numbers and Games has a great overview of infinities. And since it's about games it'll be great for teaching kids too! Negative by what metric? And how on earth is a computing scientist supposed to know the social consequences of his work, good or bad? Doing this would just be feel-good virtue signaling nonsense that would reduce the overall quality of the literature. It’s more or less pointless to worry about physical or neurological mechanisms in this context. Psychology isn’t really a science, but done rigorously it is a legitimate phenomenology. For practical purposes it doesn’t matter what causes g or d to have the value that it does, only that various correlated behavior patterns are observable. For example the NFL and US military both successfully use tests of g to select more capable recruits. Unfortunately I don’t believe any test of d will be useful, except maybe in very low g high d individuals. This is because there is usually no incentive to score low on a g test, but there is on a d test. I'd rather have an economy where healthcare, housing, and education are so affordable that anyone with a high school diploma or better that is willing to work can afford to cover a family of 4 with money left over for entertainment and savings. We know this is possible, because the USA used to have it in living memory. Only with heavy government subsidies. The situation I describe didn't require that. No they don't. A monetarily sovereign government with a productive economy, such as the USA, can roll over its debt indefinitely. In fact, the global financial system relies on US debt. Foreign countries call it "reserves." Also, remember that the size of the public sector's balance sheet isn't what controls inflation, it's too much money chasing too few goods and services. Most money isn't even created by the government, it's created by banks with keystrokes. > If you look back at your history, you'll see that this only applied to the already wealthy part of the US for the most part This happy state of affairs was during the adulthood of the generation that grew up during the depression. The vast majority of the US population was poor, including those living in the cities. > for the most part the white people only. The USA was something like 95% white at the time, so how is this a helpful contribution to the conversation? Foreign countries have to buy our debt, because they want to run a current account surplus against us. The alternative is to just sit on the reserves they accumulate from that surplus, which pay no interest. Given the choice of 0% or 2% every sovereign is going to choose the latter. China isn't the USA's bank. The Federal Reserve is the USA's bank. China is just another depositor at the Fed. The Federal Reserve sets USD interest rates, not China or any other foreign sovereign. No doubt the mostly defense spending you describe provided fiscal stimulus to the economy and led to the benefits you list, but that's not the same as a subsidy, which would mean something like Section 8 vouchers. The real driving force was that wage growth massively outpaced costs. After the war ended it was routine to pay off a 15 year mortgage a decade early, because real wages rose so much. Similarly, our current lousy situation is the result of median real wages staying flat for decades. If that time ever comes, it will be because of a collapse in the US economy to such an extent that foreigners no longer want to hold claims against it. At that point it doesn’t matter what nominal interest rates are, because it simply won’t matter. Many get the causality backwards, thinking that inflation causes economic collapse, but the former is actually the consequence of the latter. Interest on federal debt owned by the US private sector is fiscal stimulus, because it is net expansive for private balance sheets. Likewise, when the federal reserve holds treasuries and remits the interest back to the treasury it’s draining reserves from the economy. While out of control high interest rates have serious drawbacks, there are definitely solid arguments that rewarding savers with a higher safe return than the current 0.5-2% available now will benefit the people. This is the key insight. The equation GDP = C + I + G + (X – M) makes it clear that as G grows relative to the other factors, the private sector has less control over the economy. I have a soft spot for the aquatic ape hypothesis, even if it is rather ludicrous it’s just so entertaining. My brother's African Gray parrot was always friendly to him and an asshole to his wife. Maybe it was sex, but maybe it was just height. I'm given to understand that bird hierarchy is pretty concerned with elevation. Making systems less accessible is the defining characteristic of computer security. Steve Yegge addresses this very point cogently in one of his old rants. Obscenity isn’t protected by the first amendment. Obviously there is disagreement over what is and isn’t obscene. The China figure looks about right, but for the US it’s an infinitesimal we can just call 0%. The US is going to fragment much like the Roman Empire did and for much the same reasons. I happen to agree with you, but it’s not our opinion that determines the law, it’s the Supreme Court’s. And they have clearly and consistently held that obscenity is not protected by the first amendment, for the lifetime of the Republic. The Visigothic refugees weren’t well armed, and they were fleeing Huns not climate change. It was their children who served in the Legions who then sacked Rome. Otherwise I agree. It's interesting that brain damage or impairment reliably causes "liberal" and atheistic feelings in the laboratory. We can and do. California already has many active cloud seeding projects. Droughts aren't really climate change, they are a normal part of the weather patterns in a climate zone. "Droughts becoming more severe or frequent" could be construed as climate change. Or it could just be mean reversion. Doubtless major climactic events have caused migrations. Desertification has many well attested examples. Don’t shoot the messenger, I’m just relaying what the research says. http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.... . There are other studies that electromagnetically impair amygdala function which induced hyper empathy and atheism in the lab, but sadly I haven’t been able to find them again on Google. I came here to explain that laziness does in fact exist, but eh whatever The cool new thing is capitalizing the interest on the bond for decades. https://www.voiceofsandiego.org/topics/education/where-borro... We see this in California. The public employees unions are highly politically active and of course support candidates who will do their bidding. It's like if private sector unions got to choose the board and executives at their company. While that would doubtless be good for union employees (or at least leaders), it would be quite deleterious to the interests of shareholders. It's observably true that public policy in the USA is for sale to the highest bidder[1]. A corollary is that campaign finance law is absolutely ineffective, because if it were then the current state of affairs would not hold. Furthermore the system is robust to political interference, since it absolutely controls the political process. Public employee union dues are especially odious since the government is effectively collecting a payroll tax to bribe itself by way of a colluding intermediary. This is morally even worse than politicians being bribed by some private sector party. Fun aside: given the empirical proof that only money speaks already given, the statement "If you deprive labor of a voice then only money speaks" is always true, regardless of whether or not labor has a voice. [1] https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/perspectives-on-poli... Love. Love never changes. https://www.poetryintranslation.com/PITBR/Latin/CuresforLove... The simulation conjecture is a funny way to get around to Intelligent Design. The free flow of people historically involves all the males on one side getting murdered or enslaved and the women raped. The DNA evidence incontrovertibly supports this. I’d say the idealistic nationalist sees each nation akin to a cell in a cellular automaton and believes that each nation looking after itself in the context of some fundamental rules will achieve better outcomes globally, not just locally, than heavy handed large scale top down control, aka empire. Taleb cogently argues that scale is of fundamental importance to understanding human behavior. I also accept the argument that distributed local control is generally to be preferred. We used find the longest palindrome in a string as an interview question at Amazon back in 2004 This is a glorious absurdity. I'm seriously wildly impressed. Excellent work! It’s not a trick question. It’s just writing a loop any CS graduate or equivalent autodidact should have absolutely no problem with. We didn’t require any specific time or space complexity. If the candidate whipped out a suboptimal solution quickly and correctly and time permitted we might ask them about that though and how it might be improved. The purpose of the question is not to see if the candidate has memorized the answer or sees a trick, it’s so they can demonstrate basic proficiency and systematic reasoning. Is it really a self-driving car if it needs a network connection? Conveniently all of your users have 90s era supercomputers in their pants. Shame we're wasting that compute on nonsense. The US doesn't borrow money from China. The US swaps treasuries for reserves with the Federal Reserve, which then sells those treasuries to primary dealers, who in turn sell them on the open market where anyone including foreign sovereigns like China, can buy them. In the unlikely event that the Federal Reserve failed to sell those instruments, they'd be left on their balance sheet and the interest would be remitted back to the US treasury. So long as there is any demand for US dollars though, there will always be a demand for interest bearing instruments that have near cash-like liquidity. Of course if you're referring to China's African colonies and their use of debt to control the local governments, then yes that's accurate. A good read describing China's motivations behind this: https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2017/08/30/chinas-inher... This is hard to wrap one's head around, so let me try again with some more detail. The US doesn't sell TBills. It creates those interest bearing IOUs ex nihilo, and then swaps them for reserves (also created ex nihilo) with the Federal Reserve. Primary Dealers buy treasuries from the Fed, not from the treasury.[1] The process is absolutely nothing like going to a bank or anyone else to borrow money. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Primary_dealer#Primary_dealers... "the mechanism does not matter" only if you have no interest in understanding how the system actually works. China isn't the US's lender and they do not make any loans. They can't foreclose, because no loan exists. All they can do is take their coupons or sell the security to someone else who will do the same. China can't starve the Treasury of money because the Treasury exclusively borrows reserves from the Federal Reserve. Also worth noting is that with the stroke of a pen Congress and the President acting in concert could restore the Treasury's power to spend money into existence directly. The US creates securities as a matter of public policy, not because it actually needs them to finance itself. For the benefit of anyone else reading this, I'd like to point out the misconceptions and misinformation above. > China can 'starve' any nation to the extent they are a lender to that nation. China's demand for Treasuries makes up part of the demand curve for Treasuries, along with all the the demand. The Federal Reserve controls short term yields completely through its open market operations desk. It controls long term yields as well, because they are a function of expectations of short term yields. If China, or Russia, or anyone else stops buying treasuries, the Primary Dealers will pick up the slack, and they will always take that deal because no matter what the yields are they make money off it. > If China was the only buyer of US Treasuries you can dam well be sure they can 'starve the Treasury' - because if nobody is buying Treasuries, then the government is printing money. The Federal Reserve, not China, creates reserves every time the Treasury or a member bank asks it to, which is all the time. It's called an elastic money supply. Relatively few reserve notes are actually printed, because there isn't a lot of demand for Federal Reserve Notes compared to demand accounts. >Every nation on Earth can do this. It's called 'printing money'. It's not a new idea, and it has dramatic consequences including hyperinflation. Hyperinflation is a consequence of a collapse in productivity, not of money printing. Some governments turn to printing more money as their money becomes worthless, and there is a feedback loop, but that is a consequence not a cause. Hyperinflation can also occur when the money issuing sovereign effectively loses their sovereignty, fully or partially. > China is the #1 lender to the US both in Treasuries (and by holding US dollars.) The Federal Reserve is the USA's bank, not China. China is just another depositor at the Fed and whether they choose to store their capital account surplus with the USA in a interest free account (reserves) or an interest bearing account (treasuries) is irrelevant to the solvency of the US Treasury. I hope this helped everyone else with an interest in understanding some of the widespread ideologically motivated ("money printing" is a shibboleth) misconceptions in this area. Inflation is caused by too much currency chasing too few goods and services. Creating money alone won't cause inflation, that money has to actually be spent in a market where demand is already greater than or equal to supply. One great example of inflation is the housing market. Private sector banks create money from nothing, by balance sheet expansion, every time they originate a mortgage. Because the stock of housing is less than the demand, every time the banks create more money it drives prices up. Because money in the housing market mostly stays in the housing market, that is people usually take the proceeds from a sale and put them into a new house, there isn't too much spillover to non-housing markets. The same is true for student loans. So as you can see, two of the largest examples of inflation in the US are caused by the private sector, not Treasury spending. Please note though that the Federal Government does set banking policy as well, along with various direct and indirect guaranty programs, so in that sense ultimately they are responsible. Owning a library is a fun example, since some books are assets by your definition. I have several in my library that cost multiples of what I paid for them. One was recently destroyed in a move and that was quite the bummer. Renters have less skin in the game than owners, and this drives a number of long term sub-optimal decisions. The US dollar is backed by the taxing power of the United States and the productivity of the US economy. Our economic decisions have always stood and fallen on their own merits. Those merits include the world's largest consumer market and the world's putative strongest military. Foreign desire to export to the US and thereby acquire dollar denominated assets is a function of those merits. So long as that situation holds, foreigners will always desire to swap their non-interest bearing reserves for interest bearing treasuries, at any nominal positive interest rate. So long as enough oil is denominated in dollars to satisfy US demand for imports, it doesn't really matter what currency other countries pay. A eurodollar crunch doesn't have any appreciable effect on US domestic prices and neither will a eurodollar glut. Petrodollars are eurodollars. [1] To cut right into the meat of the issue, US issued currency will remain valuable until economic and political collapse destroy US consumer markets and productivity. Foreign asset holders cannot cause that by refusing to show up at treasury auctions. It would take a serious civil war, a world war where the mainland USA wasn't left untouched, or a similar multi-megadeath level catastrophe. And even then it wouldn't be impossible for the US to pull through as a going concern, as it were. [1] https://ftalphaville.ft.com/2016/01/25/2151037/petrodollars-... I tried to engage with you constructively. It’s too bad I failed. > The government sells treasury securities at auction This is true, in the sense that the Treasury and the Fed work together extremely closely, and both are acting as or on behalf of the government. But strictly speaking, it's the Fed that conducts the auction because it is the Treasury's fiscal agent.[1][2] The link you supplied provides useful information for a retail investor who wants to buy securities, but it's not and it isn't meant to be a description of the fine mechanics of government funding. In the event that the TT&L accounts[3] and Treasury's account at the Fed are together insufficient for Treasury's spending needs, then it creates securities and transfers them to the Fed for auction, in exchange the Fed debits Treasury's deposit account. This all follows from the statutory limitations on both entities. Treasury isn't legally permitted to carry a negative balance at the Fed, but the Fed legally can carry a negative balance on its own account. A primary benefit of and reason for this arrangement is it makes the funding predictable. Personally I find the system elegant in its (legally mandated) complexity. Saying "the Treasury sells securities at auction" isn't really wrong, seeing as it's just a simplification that is acceptable in virtually every case with the sole exception being discussions like this one. It's a lot like saying "I sold some AAPL stock." You didn't really, your broker did. In everyday conversation there's nothing wrong with these simplifications. [1] https://www.investopedia.com/articles/economics/08/treasury-... [2] https://www.investopedia.com/terms/t/taaps.asp [3] https://www.newyorkfed.org/aboutthefed/fedpoint/fed21.html For the community as a whole. It’s an iron law of bureaucracy that the nominal purpose of the organization is always secondary to the unstated primary purpose of persisting and growing itself. a particular amusing example is that the British Colonial Office was at its largest size after Britain had lost her colonies. This story is another particular case. Regulation also doesn’t protect citizens against wrongdoing because of regulatory capture. What actually does protect citizens from corporate wrongdoing is the law of torts. Unsurprisingly corporate lawyers and lobbyists are big fans of tort “reform.” Renters have less incentive to care for the commons because it’s much easier to move on. That’s just one example, understanding the concept of skin in the game and consideration of how it applies in this context allows easily finding many more. It’s much harder to capture the court system because it is so much more distributed than administrative regulators. Also judges are much less likely to retire in 4 years to work for the people they judged. Regulators routinely retire to work for those they regulated. For example it’s the courts that are reining in Monsanto. Regulators didn’t care a whit about the harm they caused. Big tobacco is another example. the list goes on and on. Regrettably I am evidently incapable of explaining this to you. Maybe someone else can manage. As an added bonus lifting weights, especially pulling movements like rows and deadlifts, can go a long way toward correcting the hunched forward posture many of us end up in at the computer. Also there’s this: https://blog.frontiersin.org/2018/06/07/neuroscience-leg-exe... For a while, but a stop was put to it. Look, this isn't that hard. I'm not saying any branch of government isn't corruptible, we're all smart people here and we know that any human organization can be manipulated. But that doesn't change the fact that it's observably true that centralized power structures, like administrative regulation, are much more easily captured than distributed ones. This is basic civics, but sadly that isn't taught anymore. Even so I shouldn't have to tell anyone here why distributed systems are more fault tolerant and robust than centralized ones! That's one explanation. I mean all of it. There isn't a single cycle on my device that's finding truth or beauty. Is there on yours? If so please let me know so I can get that app! The ethnic food in Memphis is BBQ and if you ate that you’d have had some of the best in the world. And like many social science "theories" it's entirely incongruous with reality. One counter-example suffices to disprove a universal claim. The United States is that exception, because our constitution explicitly recognizes, not grants, our right to arm ourselves independently of the State (or States really), only with some regulation permitted. The actual definition of State can easily be found in the dictionary: "a nation or territory considered as an organized political community under one government." Actually US citizens can legally perform arrests, we just don't have the same legal presumptions that peace officers do. Also it's obviously implied that the right to bear arms includes the right to use them under at least some circumstances. It would just be as ludicrous as saying freedom of the press only covers your right to own a press in your house or business and not your right to print things with it. The rights that citizens protect with violence don’t generally require the state’s authority. I don’t need a law to give me the right to use force to defend myself and my property, that right is naturally mine. It is however very nice that the state’s laws generally respect those natural rights. Now the state can use citizens to enforce its laws irrespective of rights, that’s called conscription, as in for example a sheriff’s posse. I haven’t noticed any change in my Internet connectivity since so-called net neutrality regulations were rolled back. That said, the fears of a single party dictating what you can and can’t see on the Internet are not just clear, they’re present. How many net neutrality supporters stood up for Alex Jones? Or say anything about shadow bans on Twitter, Facebook, and Google search results based on organizational capriciousness? Net neutrality is just another example of a regulatory capture competition between the old telcos and the new masters of the Internet. The massive PR spending alone is proof. See Paul Graham’s article[1] for a better explanation than I can give here. Interestingly the authentic left has the answer: Publicly owned corporations, universities, and perhaps other mainly local institutions providing network connectivity are the real antifragile solution to the problem net neutrality regulations claim to address. [1] http://www.paulgraham.com/submarine.html The really charitable thing to do would be to recognize that there are indigenous, albeit relatively young compared to the old world, American ethnic groups with their own culture and cuisine. This is a consequence of demographic change. Historical Americans are just another set of ethnic groups now, equal with any other. Another big reason for the decline in the quality of these cuisines is that the old people who know how to make them are retiring and dying and their descendants aren't interested in maintaining their own culture. If net neutrality is exclusively a regulatory power grab by Google and the like at the expense of traditional ISPs, then it's true Alex Jones has nothing to do with it. However, if one acknowledges some kind of moral principle that content shouldn't be discriminated against based on the source, then one has to show why that should apply to traditional ISPs and not to the newer Internet companies that run all the same infrastructure the traditional ISPs do. This is a great example of skin in the game affecting behavior. You didn't respond to my central point. You did however clarify that for you net neutrality is purely about application layer providers strong-arming link layer providers via regulatory capture. Thanks, it makes your position much clearer. I hear the entire game is controlled by goons from an unfunny comedy website. And yet all of us have worked with someone who really is out of their league and can't do the work adequately, and those people are often the most arrogant and confident. Some get promoted to management. There's more going on here, but the behavior can largely be predicted based on the individual's place in the social hierarchy. People that suffer from imposter syndrome inevitably have other characteristic traits and behaviors of low social status. The most striking example is the sitting US President. If anyone should suffer from imposter syndrome, believing he isn't qualified, it's him. And yet there is absolutely no evidence that he does, quite the opposite in fact. If I had to guess I'd say he thinks he's one of the greatest presidents of all time. I absolutely agree, I just presented two poles, I figured it was obvious it's a continuum and that there are other dimensions as well. Most programmers have relatively low social status, and exhibit the thought processes and behaviors thereof. You may not think of it in those terms, and that doesn't matter, as long as you pragmatically understand these typical behavior and thought patterns, which it sounds like you do. For what it's worth, the fear of ostracism you describe interfering with reporting issues is a characteristic low status fear. High social status individuals don't fear ostracism, they do the ostracizing. How is not wanting competition from aliens in the labor market irrational for native workers? Restricting the labor supply in the market always and everywhere improves labor’s share of societal wealth. I’ve worked with multiple American and Canadian interns who were far more technically proficient and productive than senior level foreign labor. Everyone knows that people subconsciously prefer to hire people who look like them. This affects Asians too. It’s self evident that organizations with Asian hiring managers prefer to hire their own people. I know this won’t sit well with some people here, but it’s observably true nonetheless. Maybe that’s true. Or maybe the arrow of causality runs the other way and increased labor supply and housing demand due to mass immigration of foreign labor drives down wages and drives up housing costs, thereby reducing native fertility rates. Edit: I wonder to what extent the US current account deficit is funding west coast real estate valuations. I know Chinese cash buyers were a big part of the Vancouver price increases. Committing securities violations on Twitter is a job that Americans just won’t do. Tweets are rotting on the internets! Seriously though, Elon Musk has undoubtedly benefitted from immigrating to the United States, as most immigrants do. Presumably the native born employees of Tesla and his other ventures have directly benefitted as well. Of course it’s impossible to show one way or the other that a native born entrepreneur wouldn’t have filled the same niche. Also nobody likes to talk about the massive deleterious effects on the immigrants home countries of having their best and brightest leave. To answer your direct question I absolutely agree that Americans can benefit from some level of immigration. I don’t believe Americans benefit from a level of migration that makes them a political minority in their own homeland though. Although I admit to anticipating schadenfreude when the foreign majority votes themselves the baby boomer’s assets around 2040. The US will be minority American in 25 years as virtually every news source will gleefully tell you. The foreign migration into the USA is massive and unprecedented in history, except for the original colonization. What you say about housing costs is not wrong, but it’s also very incomplete. Many other factors drive housing inflation, just one example is that mortgages expand the total money supply, resulting in textbook inflation. Rent seeking behavior is definitely unfortunate for the non rentier classes though. I’m generally inclined to agree about taxing income vs assets. However it’s just as important to not punish savers as it is to not punish labor. American is a nationality that has roots going back centuries. They are one of the youngest ethnic groups on the planet, having just recently branched off from the English, but they have their own dialects, cuisine, music, and all the other cultural traits. Well it's current legislative policy. The posterity of the founders, which is to say the American people, will be a minority in 2045 according to the US census[1]. In fact they actually already are, since the largest "white" ethnic group in the USA is actually Germans. Germans however showed a strong inclination to assimilate, whereas the most recent migrants prefer to keep their language, culture, religion, and political views. [1] https://www.brookings.edu/blog/the-avenue/2018/03/14/the-us-... How many Googlers are drawing a second paycheck from a foreign or domestic spy agency? The root of that equation is assuredly greater than 1. How much greater? Centralized regulatory control in a nation of 1.4 billion is a tricky problem. This sounds like a classic single point of failure choke point. It’s the right decision. You will be able to take what you learned home and create wealth for thousands, if not more. India is going to surpass China in the next century. We all know that diversity drives positive economic outcomes. India is by far the most diverse large country on the planet. That combined with her diaspora to the west and the consequent knowledge transfer, in addition to not being a major strategic rival to the USA, adds up to an extremely positive medium to long term outlook. Yes there are major problems with corruption, it's true, but there are major problems with corruption in China and the USA for that matter. It's just in the USA the corruption is much more sophisticated and genteel. I mean this positively and I honestly believe Indian corruption is going to move toward the US model thanks to the large numbers of Indian nationals who have seen how much better that kind of corruption works. It's a classic case of not letting the perfect be the enemy of the less bad. http://news.mit.edu/2014/workplace-diversity-can-help-bottom... https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/ruchikatul... There are many many other studies, all easily queried. There’s also the largest and richest country in the world as a case study. >The largest country in the world is Russia, and the richest is Iceland. Do you mean the US ? I suppose this must be meant to be clever? > The truth is that the minimum wage worker today is able to purchase a LOT more than they could in the past. Except for energy, housing, health care, and education. But besides that sure, android phones are cheap! When did the notion that every even moderate high school student could get a job and buy a house stop being prevalent? Certainly it was some time in the last half century. Yes we get it, it's great that we have antibiotics and electricity, but it's completely missing the point. Food, shelter, education, and health are not luxury goods, they are the foundation of a functioning civilization. My employer sent me a form asking me to sign on to an arbitration agreement for my already existing salaried job a year or so back. I considered saying sure, so long as you're willing to offer me an employment contract, but eventually I decided to ignore it. Looks like that's moot now. Except for the evident marijuana exception. Meta analysis is just the weighted average of expert opinion. Which makes it worthless when the experts don’t actually know anything. https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/fullarticle/2698337 You should be skeptical of any so-called science that cannot actually rigorously apply the scientific method, be it for practical, ethical, or any other reasons. The other is that raptors are very bad at dealing with cars. Their evolutionary strengths are seeing far and killing fast. Traffic? Not so much. Rock doves and crows on the other hand deal with or even benefit from cars. Pro-tip to not get shat upon by birds: look at the ground and avoid the areas where you see bird poop. A study of basic income with 3000 or even 3 million participants is pointless. If the local sovereign currency issuer isn’t on board it’s not sustainable. By analogy rent control works extremely well in Germany thanks to the national mietspiegel, but fails (for the general population) when implemented at the submunicipal level. Sure if you have a rent controlled apartment in a desirable area it’s great, but it sure hasn’t controlled average market rents. Rent control has the same effect on household balance sheets as basic income. After all, guess where most of that basic income is going to go. This is why you shouldn't use non-free software. Also reverse engineering for the purposes of compatibility is nominally legal in the USA, but like every other so-called right it's pay to play. Women joining the workforce lead to a long term decrease in the labor supply. The only reason wages haven’t gone up is a massive influx of foreign born workers that keeps supply high. That doesn't appear to be true. Birth rates plummeted in the 60s and 70s[1], which is when women started to really join the work force in quantity. Perhaps the people inclined to down vote think I'm advocating for banning women from work? Please realize I'm saying no such thing, I'm simply pointing out an obvious consequence for long term labor supply that simple reasoning can deduce and the data bears out. [1] http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2018/01/18/is-u-s-ferti... The decrease in births is twice the decrease in infant mortality according to the sources we both linked. Also, it takes at least a generation before lowering infant mortality lowers birth rates. It does look like lowered infant mortality contributed quite a bit to the baby boom. No, he's dead. This reads more like a beginner’s guide to office politics. The major problem with email is that computers scale wildly different than people do. If one were to print out all one’s new emails and put them in an old style physical inbox it would immediately be apparent how ludicrous the situation is. I wouldn’t be surprised if the relatively higher cost of paper office memos actually increased organizational efficiency by limiting junk and noise. > Most people mate now, due to religious/society-enforced monogamy Most men. Most women have always mated. This reads like a rhetorical question, but I’ll take a swing at it anyhow: because it’s gross. Edit: Sorry entomophages didn’t mean to offend. Real reason is simple: can drive manual implies can drive automatic which means that automatics are more marketable and dealers adjust inventory accordingly. Negative feedback loop ensues. This is quite like the trick for flattening binary trees into an array. Thank you so much for this comment. While the original submission is interesting, these links increase my appreciation of the author greatly. As an aside, Don Knuth is another example of a world class computing scientist who is also an avowed Christian. Add to this the tendency to promote quality engineers to mediocre or outright bad managers. I witnessed a bad manager destroy the Google careers of virtually every engineer on his team. Still, I would strongly recommend accepting the offer. Despite the drawbacks it's a great learning experience. Canceling seasonal time change is a terrible idea. How do I know this with certainty? Because the experiment has already been run. https://www.mercurynews.com/2016/10/30/the-year-daylight-sav... China is in an extremely weak economic position. Their economy is large, but fragile and extremely vulnerable to external disruption. If you doubt me, realize that Chinese leadership also realizes this, which is why they created the One Belt One Road initiative to shore up that vulnerability. This needs to be controlled by employee number to be remotely meaningful. Wet streets cause rain. This hot on the tail of the Murray Gell-Mann amnesia post. As a parent and believer in the theory of evolution, I love seeing statements like this. Less competition for my offspring and my genes to propagate, yay! Everyone gets "abused" in games. Bantzing, shit talking, or whatever you want to call it is a component of every competitive endeavor, from basketball to chess. The anonymity of online interactions and lack of immediate concrete behavioral correction exacerbates this tendency in online games. I, like all reasonable people, welcome women who want to play in these waters. The argument can be made that women deserve extra sensitivity, because they are more emotionally fragile and less able to handle shit talking, but that strikes me as incredibly sexist so I don't hold that belief. I believe the parent's point is that many of the opinions people tweet are somehow illegitimate. I won't hazard to guess what criteria or authority is supposed to determine legitimacy. I consider sperm and egg donation immoral for religious and ethical reasons. When I was at Harvard in the 90s there were posters soliciting sperm donors all over campus. They explicitly listed height, appearance, and academic requirements. If you have the traits clients are looking for it is probably the maximally fit male reproductive strategy short of going full Genghis Khan. It would be interesting to use the Uber/Lyft dataset of driver and passenger ratings to do an analysis like this. For any such analysis there are a great many confounds, both blatant and subtle. Finding racism everywhere could be because overt racism is everywhere, or it could be confirmation bias. It could even be both! That's the tricky thing about confirmation bias—one never knows when one is experiencing it, at least not at the time. The old Wise and Benevolent Philosopher King model of governance applied to machine learning? Why is this surprising? ML models are just recognizers and bias on the basis of ancestry is observable in all human cultures at all times. If we nobly insist that the models describe the world as we wish it were and ought to be, then we won't be describing the data accurately. Maybe that trade-off is worthwhile if it somehow reforms human attitudes along lines we find more agreeable? They do. It's called a verdict. There is the usual misinformation in this article. Banks don’t loan out deposits. Originating loans expands their balance sheet. Deposits are useful to satisfy reserve requirements, when they exist[1], but if the loan is profitable the bank can always borrow the reserves at a lower rate on the interbank market. [1] https://www.federalreserve.gov/monetarypolicy/reservereq.htm Yes, a banking license. They are hard to get [1] [1] https://www.dfs.ny.gov/banking/iasc.htm I agree and thank you for the instructive clarification. Obviously banks can and do fail, so there are limits to their money creating ability. I'd like to expound a bit in the hopes of sharing and gaining knowledge. I agree that in practice statements like the above are acceptable, but in an erudite paper like the Economist, when the article is discussing banking licenses, I expect a higher level of precision. Part of the trickiness here is that even electronic reserves[1] and deposits are really different data types. There is something a lot like automatic boxing and unboxing between the two types that greatly confuses casual understanding of the operational realities of the banking system. When one withdraws paper notes from a bank, not one but two accounts are debited[2]: one is the deposit account, which is the one the customer sees, and the other is the institution's reserve account. Getting a grasp on these mirrored transactions was hard, and communicating that is even harder. I'm afraid I'm probably failing here too. Edit: Similarly, creating deposits is a lot like a malloc(), and extinguishing those liabilities is a lot like a free(). I'd bet money the banking system actually is Turing complete. Edit edit: It's also interesting that banks usually need reserves to clear inter-bank transactions rather than to meet reserve requirements. This is because inter-bank transfers (like depositing a check from another bank with yours) are also dual operations that involve both reserves and deposits. While a bank can create a million dollar loan without any reserves at all, they can't clear a $20 check drawn on their bank without at least $20 in their reserve account at the end of the business day. [1] Reserve notes are the only form of reserves the vast majority of citizens ever hold. However Fed members can hold reserves in an online account. [2] Informal usage Up until recently the Fed didn't pay any interest on reserves (IOR). It was actually extremely controversial when they introduced it, but with quantitative easing it was operationally necessary in order to continue to set the Fed Funds Rate. Generally speaking Fed accounts are like checking accounts. The Fed doesn't issue CDs, they let the Treasury handle that. A buddy of mine and I made each other trillionaires for giggles. Sadly we've yet to find a depository institution willing to credit our IOUs. Here's a nice description of how it works in the US: https://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/022416/why-b... . From the link, the crux: "The reality is that banks first extend loans and then look for the required reserves later" I'm not familiar with the mechanics of the European banking system so I can't speak to that. I believe for most, if not all, architectures the synchronization and memory barrier primitives cannot be written in standard C. Good proof methods are symbolic computations. Hoare logic and the predicate calculus are the two major examples I know of. In fact in my personal favorite formalism, a proof is actually rather a lot like an equation[1]. It's an observable reality that most "pure" mathematical proofs are rather less rigorous than the best CS work, simply because peer reviewers are rather more lenient than computing machines. https://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/EWD/transcriptions/EWD13xx/E... This is why you almost always see "experience required" in job postings. It makes getting that first job difficult (you basically have to BS some), but you explain exactly why employers do it that way. > The Standard Model has nothing to say on these, it is fundamentally incomplete. I fear we won't answer these questions within my lifetime, sure, we may get tantalising hints from astronomy, but not direct observation in experiment. One of my coworkers is a trained particle physicist, and he will be the first to say that the standard model is a mess and nobody in the field actually believes it's correct, just that it's what they currently have to work with. He describes it as basically a switch statement depending on the field in question. None of this is meant to denigrate the endeavor, it's just that nuclear physics makes electrodynamics look like child's play. How do you assess the trustworthiness of thousands of transitive dependencies with a far greater number of code contributors in a way that scales? This is a serious question, and it would be great if you shared the solution you found. Thanks. I'd never heard of this, but it's an excellent concept that I try to apply to my daily living. For example I accident-proof myself against spills by keeping a beverage in a place where it's unlikely to be knocked over, but if it is that the consequences are easy to deal with rather than soaking a keyboard or something. In physical terms it mostly boils down to minimizing the potential energy of everyday objects. Government represents the people, and the people have a right to have their concerns about bias voiced by their elected representatives. Obviously those representatives are still bound by the constitution with regards to legislative actions they can take. I know you’re kidding and this is funny, because corporations couldn’t even exist without the state passing statutes allowing incorporation. Email is the most mature and widely used social app. Clinical trials up to FDA standards are expensive. Direct primary care used to be the only model; this in living memory. Insurance started out as disaster only care, and then bureaucratic creep took it from there. Now we have a system where nobody can practically tell you the cost of a service until after you’ve committed to pay for it. Beating a system with that level of information inefficiency by 95% isn’t even surprising. What's the argument that life couldn't have arisen multiple times? If the conditions for spontaneous generation existed on the primordial Earth, why wouldn't they have held in more than one place and why couldn't genesis have occurred more than once? This is why equity is the best compensation and it’s going to be even more important to negotiate for it as our profession evolves. You can never be automated out of your equity. If you create something that generates continuous value for your employer, you should share in that. Building in China may be cheaper, but that’s a stupid consideration. After all the Greeks charged the Trojans absolutely nothing for a fabulous wooden horse. The Feynman Lectures on computation[1] are a physically grounded treatment of the subject and include a section on heat and energy usage. [1] https://www.scribd.com/doc/52657907/Feynman-Lectures-on-Comp... NIST is wonderful, government at its best. Thank you for the links. The self evident primary purpose of the various news platforms is not to inform, but rather to persuade. Persuading persons to buy things is their primary source of revenue. They also routinely work with public relations firms. Finally the editors and other staff all have their own views and like most persons most of them must like the idea of persuading others to agree with them. The on-air behavior of news anchors on election night in 2016 completely destroyed the fiction of their impartiality. Had the election gone the other way we would have seen an equally crass display of triumphalism. I don’t see how any intellectually honest person can fail to believe, regardless of views, that the various news sources are all biased, because it’s observably true. That’s the thing: they’re all liars. Gell-Mann amnesia demonstrates this conclusively. You're absolutely right. Amazon was already a huge successful company when they began their microservices journey. Mr. Bezos is the only chief executive I know of who has knowingly applied Conway's Law[1] to corporate governance. Amazon's conversion to services is best understood as an hybrid managerial/engineering decision. This means that the microservices approach only makes sense as part of a larger organizational strategy. A small organization is almost always better off building a monolith, because while it's less efficient at scale, if the organization is successful enough for that to be a problem, it's also successful enough to be able to afford the rearchitecting, assuming competent leadership. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conway%27s_law Oak Ridge Tennessee has an extremely high average intelligence and is quite affordable. Parent's point is that rather than just improving the lives of a few hundred thousand emigrants, it's far more moral to improve the lives of hundreds of millions of Indians and that can't happen if the best and brightest all leave. Interestingly, Gould's "debunking" turned out to be fraudulent: https://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/14/science/14skull.html Most chain and many local bar restaurants barely have kitchens as is, they mainly just reheat Sysco or US Foods products. One of the most successful sysops I knew at Amazon (he was director level last I checked, maybe higher now) refused to use any instant messaging app whatsoever on the grounds that the interrupts were a productivity killer. That's not what the word privilege means. Having marketable skills isn't the result of privilege, it's the result of education and work. It's just basic supply and demand. A job that anyone can do is going to have a larger labor supply than a job that few people can do. Employer demand is also a factor. Right now truck drivers are getting very lucrative offers because demand is so high, despite the relatively low skill level. Also risk factors, especially risk of death, can drive compensation sharply higher. For example working on live natural gas pipelines or deep sea welding isn't particularly high skill, but the compensation is huge because it has a tendency to lead to death. For some background on pilot waves: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_Broglie%E2%80%93Bohm_theory . Also from the same source, a couple years back: https://www.quantamagazine.org/pilot-wave-theory-gains-exper... Agreed. Every Astronaut and Cosmonaut is well aware of the safety (danger?) statistics and yet there is still a wait list. On the plus side, learning to disregard resentful negative people is an important life skill and parent is helping teach it. It's far better to be positive. For example a good friend of mine founded a successful crypto shop. At the time, I thought the idea was stupid. However I didn't say that, I told him I wanted him to succeed and I was happy to listen to him describing what he wanted to do and how he was going to do it. Now our friendship is even closer and he's doing great. While it's unlikely given his personality, if I had been negative I might have talked him out of a big success and that isn't what good people do. You mean for example Bayer? They lost the Heroin trademark the same time they lost the Aspirin trademark, due to the war. Both were a product of the acetylate all the things school of medicinal chemistry. Negotiating compensation is a social skill not a technical one, which means this tells us that product managers are generally stronger than software engineers on social skills. That certainly tracks with my own observations. In other words, follow the Mike Pence rule. I'd like to see the Survey of YC male founders on sexual harassment to support this claim. I hope I never have to look at another line of MIDL. The public is going to have their own armed flying drones too eventually. The future is going to be so incredibly cyberpunk. "If we want to lead, we need to make a choice between people and profits." As an AMZN shareholder, I pick profits. Well, growth actually. Pretty easily actually. I'm ethically responsible for my own actions, not for the actions of law enforcement or anyone else who uses or misuses Amazon's technology. Amazon on the other hand has a moral responsibility to its shareholders to pursue their interests, not to go tilting at windmills on social justice crusades whose only possible outcome is merely betraying those who chose to allocate some of their savings to the company's equity. The feds don't permit marijuana smoking either. How's that going? When I was a child I had a book that listed quite a few of these. It was so popular with my classmates in kindergarten that the school ended up banning paper airplanes except on "Paper Airplane Fridays." I don't want a warranty. I want a quality product that won't fail for some predictable use life rather than a piece of junk that I can get a "free" replacement for. Of course it's only free if I don't value my time or the lack of use of the product for the duration of the warranty process. Inevitably the manufacturer erects bureaucratic barriers to minimize the real cost of the warranty on their crap. The only time a warranty is worth anything to me is when it's so costly to the manufacturer to honor it that they have a compelling incentive to make a quality product that won't break. Warranties in this class are usually for a good long period, 10 years or more. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shanty_town Spending more on something is a good way to get more of it when exporters are ready and willing to meet the demand. Municipalities buying their local homeless bus tickets is just one example. If we want to reduce homelessness, we need a smarter approach than giving people goods and services for being homeless. I don't have all the answers here, but I do know that this requires both positive and negative incentives. A carrot and stick approach if you will. Sad to say, most vagrants are not capable of acting in their own rational self-interest, so simply extolling the virtues of becoming a productive member of society just isn't going to cut it. If other locales aren't shipping SF vagrants, where is the increase coming from? Is SF especially good at producing new vagrants? Let me Google that for you: https://www.huffingtonpost.com/carey-fuller/the-homeless-ind... http://www.povertyinsights.org/2013/08/05/is-there-a-homeles... https://projects.sfchronicle.com/sf-homeless/civic-disgrace/ Applying the Commerce Clause to vagrancy is darkly funny. It's understandable, but not admirable, that the media only cares when it's someone they identify with. I want to disagree with you, but you're basically right. The functional way of thinking is different enough it's an unnecessary complication for most non CS majors. That said, you can teach very solid Computing Science using imperative languages. Algol is still used for research and publishing after all. Most sighted persons really don't like thinking about blindness. It's not because they are bad people, it's just deeply scary and relatively uncommon. This is an area where Apple really doesn't get enough credit. VoiceOver has absolutely revolutionized blind persons' ability to interact with consumer tech. For more technically demanding applications, the Unix philosophy is inherently open to being made accessible. https://pjb.com.au/blin/ . As an aside, I personally really enjoy accessible websites, because they focus on clear communication in the presence of a serious obstacle, rather than assaulting the visual cortex with attention grabbing nonsense. Edit: Also one could argue that ed(1)¹ is the pinnacle of accessibility. ¹ https://www.gnu.org/fun/jokes/ed-msg.html Hunting, trapping, marksmanship, gardening, building, and cooking. Great read. Thanks! Do our brains use a reasoning process invented by our brains? Does it exist somewhere in a platonic realm of forms? When I studied biology it was drilled into us that evolution doesn't have agency. Has that changed? It's not even a matter of causality, it's just a category error. Are there cranial phenomena that are analogous to Bayesian statistics? I don't see why not. But that doesn't mean that is how the brain operates. It's a matter of membership not isomorphism. The corporate structure was completely dysfunctional too. The company was basically a set of independent fiefdoms, and the CEO was completely incapable of reining them in. There were many times where the CEO would announce layoffs and the department heads just ignored him and headcount just kept rising. Great example of Parkinson's law in action. It's good that you are concerned with the principle of charity, perhaps you should apply it here? It's pretty obvious that evolution didn't "invent" anything because accident or not, to invent requires an originator or discoverer which is to say an entity with agency. It's as absurd as saying relativity invented black holes. The only reason the Earth has enough oxygen to "support life" is because life produced it as a waste product. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Oxygenation_Event His argument is that a man who always walks with crutches will have his legs atrophy and that writing is a crutch for memory. > Intelligence is heritable I believe parent is getting downvotes because of this, but this isn't a matter of opinion or social science. It's hard quantitative genetics: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heritability_of_IQ This is the crux of any inter-generational change in average intelligence in a population. Human assortative mating patterns and the inverse relationship between intelligence and fertility account for some of the effect and some is due to shifts in the gene pool. While we can't and shouldn't discount environmental effects (goodbye lead paint!), the latest genetics research tells us that only 15-25% of variation in intelligence can be attributed to the environment. Smart people tend to reproduce with other smart people, but they reproduce an awful lot less. Interestingly, smart people having low fertility is a rather recent phenomenon. Lots of famous scientists came from huge broods. C++ templates also aren't winning any readability awards. We’re not talking about individuals, we’re talking about large groups. > wipe out all shellfish species worldwide Look you raise good points but this is nonsense. The Earth has had far higher CO2 concentrations for geological periods and there’s no fossil record suggesting shellfish all died. This kind of Trumpian rhetoric just hands ammo to the skeptics. Click the wikipedia link I shared in the post you're replying to. I agree with your main point, but I'm pretty sure that evolution and adaptation work for humans too and there are an awful lot of human beings. None of this is to discount the potentially severe (unknown, scary) risks, but I don't think human extinction is really in play due to a warming climate. The most serious risk I'm aware of is that high CO2 content in the atmosphere will interfere with human respiration. Evolution will handle this, just like it handled human beings living in the Himalayas. For me Perl is (awk|sh)++. It's a great example of the Unix philosphy, which is, among other things, evolution based on practical experience rather than top down theoretical design. The medical profession's billing practices make used car dealers look reputable. I like to Joke that Perl is the ugliest most usable lisp ever. The way it lets you play with the symbol table for all its various namespaces is extremely powerful. It also exposes dynamic and lexical scopes in a way reminiscent of Common Lisp. Strangely the Dutch all seem to speak better English than most Americans and even Brits. Parent is extrapolating from the trend. No offense, but this might just be an issue with your command of English. If you can't communicate nuance in a language with north of 600,000 words and an incredibly rich literary tradition, it might not be the language that's the problem. English has aggressively adopted loanwords, which gives it such breadth. More garbage tier science reporting portraying a single metric as somehow being an overwhelming determiner of health. If you want to be healthy it's easy, just do the following: Eat fresh foods. Get aerobic exercise. Get resistance exercise. Get enough sleep. Abstain from drugs and alcohol, or at least partake temperately. Have good genes and a healthy developmental environment. Those last two are on one's parents, not oneself. John Von Neumann was a terrifyingly intelligent person. I've never read anything by him that wasn't intellectually stimulating and rewarding. Thanks for this. From that page: According to George Pólya: “The only student of mine I was ever intimidated by. He was so quick. There was a seminar for advanced students in Zürich that I was teaching and von Neumann was in the class. I came to a certain theorem, and I said it is not proved and it may be difficult. Von Neumann didn't say anything but after five minutes he raised his hand. When I called on him he went to the blackboard and proceeded to write down the proof. After that I was afraid of von Neumann”. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weigh_station I like to tell people with a straight face that turbulence was actually introduced as a cost saving measure in the ‘70s. > Agree. Related thought: the influence of lawyers in tech firms - witness the draconian EULAs users are 'forced' to accept with a false binary choice of accept or not The comedy option is to print it out, cross out and initial each clause you disagree with, sign it, and mail it to them certified with a letter saying you agree under these terms please write back if they don't agree. This actually works with all contracts of adhesion, but you will get a lot of confused looks from the flunkies. Slack is proprietary IRC and IRC is one of the original Internet time wasters. It's not impossible that it really was fentanyl and some dirty cops stole it. Yes, this page appears to be lifted directly from that book. Scale is a huge issue in politics. The right kind of government for a city isn't the right kind of government for a continent spanning federation. What the layman thinks of genetic engineering magic is going to have to happen in the germline. That means it's not going to help you or me or anyone else already alive. You're selling yourself short. No need to wonder at observing the self-evident. This is all based on the assumption that our understanding of in vivo processes is as good as our understanding of in silico processes. It isn't. Not even close. I had the exact same issue with raycasting, and at the time there weren't really any good online resources that I could find. The law itself is predicated on violence. What would a legal ruling mean without enforcement? Indeed the colonization of the new world was entirely legal under the laws of the colonists. Interesting thing about annexation is that legally it isn't the taking of territory, it's recognizing that an area has always been part of one's territory. This can get messy, but it can also give rise to some really culturally fascinating places, like the Alsace. Talking is only an option when both sides agree to it. Since that's observably not the case here, talking isn't an option. This is not true. All abstractions do not leak. Granted however, most framework and even language designers appear to have a poor grasp of formal computational semantics, and thus their designs suffer as you describe. In a rare fun example of confirmation bias, after seeing Pòlya's name for the first time, now I'm seeing it everywhere. I read it as understand what your procedure is doing in a full context before abstracting. To be fair, selling food and toys to childless yuppies was at least a facially rational business model. I have to admit I'm impressed Twitter has managed to find greater fools to fund their shenanigans. I guess being the President of the United States's favorite social network is bankable. I also want to make money, because my landlord doesn't accept my being a wonderful socially responsible person in lieu of rent. Hey I want to send you some love from the States. I've never met a Sikh who wasn't an absolutely wonderful person. I have to admit I'm shocked that the Indian government is discriminating against you, given how much your people have contributed to the subcontinent over the centuries. Of course it is. Regulatory capture is a real thing. While the courts are far from perfect, judges don't routinely "retire" to take multi-million dollar positions with the companies they rule on the way that regulators do. Being a sovereign user of your own currency is pretty great. Taxes certainly complicate that, but most people do what you're describing. People with moderate and even high net worth (that is, in financial assets) still use mortgages because it's better to borrow at 5% instead of liquidating an asset that is returning 9.7%. Variance is not risk. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18554271 Pretty close actually. https://www.nerdwallet.com/blog/investing/average-stock-mark... Edit: Anyone want to clue me in on what the downvotes are for here? This is assuming that the input data is high quality. It isn't. Neurotypical humans all crave social status. The higher expected future compensation is a nice bonus, but it's the status that draws people to higher titles. Already been tried in the '70s and it sucked: https://www.mercurynews.com/2016/10/30/the-year-daylight-sav... This is a great example of why local rule is generally preferable. That's how I read it too. To people who haven't worked with metrics at scale though there is some good information and it's worth reading. It blows my mind that businesses are willing to outsource metrics. When I worked at Amazon it was trivial to estimate the next quarter's results from the app metrics. Naturally this meant we were subject to trading restrictions. If a monitoring company ever starts applying Google/Facebook style ethics with regards to exploiting the data their customers give them, they will be in an incredibly powerful position. Also he's just plagiarizing Scott Adams's notion of a "talent stack." Parent means it is a good read and it is. I searched the page text for Adams before I posted and saw nothing. I guess I missed it too somehow or the page was updated. The invention of computing automata and the techniques required to program them, such as defining semantics, settles this issue concretely in favor of Hilbert. Parent is a nice statement of the position the author opposes. It has the benefit of being irrefutable too by not admitting the premises necessary to do so. Many people are deeply uncomfortable with the inequality between men and women when it comes to the range of reproductive years. The motivation here appears to be to imply that men should also feel bad for having children later in life. I can offer a personal anecdote here. When I was born, my father was a very healthy 50 who didn't drink or smoke and who got regular aerobic and resistance exercise. He took an early retirement buyout when he was in his mid 50s, so as a toddler I had a ton of time with him and it was, from my perspective at least, absolutely wonderful. He also had children and grandchildren already, and that experience was likewise quite beneficial. So I can confirm that in at least some cases there are benefits to having an older father. I have no doubt that there are drawbacks also. One of the obvious ones is that on average you will have your father in your life for much less time. If you're going to have children later in life, man or woman, make sure you've been looking after your health and continue to do so. Young persons can take much more abuse and remain healthy, older ones can't. Did anyone else see this headline and hope for an anti-scrum rant? Dijkstra and Scholten's https://www.amazon.com/Predicate-Calculus-Semantics-Monograp... is a good example of what I mean. The state space is far too large to show a program is correct by constructing all possible processes it could execute. Instead you must show that the program admits no incorrect processes whatsoever, and as far as I know mathematical formalism is the only possible way to do that. Of course if one just wants to make money, formal correctness is observably of absolutely no importance. And there's nothing wrong with wanting to make money! Well I guess nearly all of the reals must not exist since we can't construct them. Sartre was right “Hell is other people” evidently applies to social media. The heritability of traits increases as the environment improves. For example historically height wasn't very heritable, it depended mostly on environment, which is to say nutrition. Now in countries where adequate nutrition is widely available, height is much more heritable. Could the same effect apply to longevity? I don't really know, because I don't even know what environmental factors improve longevity, except for the grossly obvious ones. Dijkstra talks about this. Post-war European computing science departments couldn't afford computers and they only got to borrow something like an hour a week from the Americans. This forced them to devise methods for writing reliable code without a computer. This is a giveaway to developers plain and simple. Even in the East Village parking is scarce, especially when there is some kind of large event downtown, which is often. Under current regulations landlords are required to provide parking for tenants, which as you correctly imply, means that street parking is relatively more available. Parking is bad now, this will just make it worse. It's bad for tenants and it's bad for local businesses. The only people it's good for are real estate developers who will shave some upfront costs by not building garages in their projects. This doesn't address the housing shortage because the set of developers who say "yeah we'd like to build a 200 unit tower, but nevermind because the law says we need to dig a parking garage" is empty. Edit: What would be cool though is a legal right for tenants to sublet their parking space if they choose not to own a car. The future will be nothing like the past. Why? Because human behavior is not scale invariant, and both the raw number of humans and their mobility is vastly higher than it's ever been. So what do we know? Well for one we know that unsustainable processes end. Modern persuasion and propaganda techniques appear sustainable at present. Of course they only work at all because they exploit biological reality. It's farcical, but only homo sapiens is evolved to be susceptible to modern propaganda. War is of course sustainable. We know this because it's been going on as long as we have records and shows no sign of stopping. But war and conquest take many forms. One group doesn't necessarily have to roll in tanks and rape and massacre to conquer another's territory. It can also be done in a more evolutionary way, by taking their ecological niche or destroying their habitat. I don't mean to "dehumanize" by observing that we are animals, because we really are animals and we really are subject to the same scientific laws as every other animal, including the ecological ones. It's true. They should be profiling Ron Unz instead. There's a guy who will publish truly heterodox content. There is a distinction between the talking head Conservative, Inc. shills and the actual desire to conserve one's patrimony. Opposing factory farming is, by definition, a position held by small family farmers and they certainly count as conservatives. That happened in the 90s. Thank goodness there isn't a consensus machine here. I thought it was a pretty clear statement. What don't you understand? I'm happy to clarify, but I don't have enough information to address your concern The whole notion of "just wars" and the opposing "wars of aggression" is pure propaganda by warmongers. The victors write the histories and always claim to be just. The other side is always the aggressor. There will be war. There will always be war so long as there are human beings. Like it or not. Downvote me or not, it's an observable reality. And we here deal in observable reality, do we not? It's self-evident that for everyday usage all you need are the rationals. Me neither. Fortunately I was saying it isn't. I'm agreeing with you. Torture does work in cases where the information is verifiable. Consider for example that the interrogator has an encrypted file and a subject that knows the key. Torture is morally abhorrent, but it's not necessarily ineffective. This is a good example of being too smart for a test question. To your observation: Amazon had a major outage due to hurricane related flooding and a lightning strike back in the mid 2000s. Anyone that wants to create infographics should really familiarize themselves with the work of Edward Tufte. https://www.edwardtufte.com/tufte/ Many of the sciences are actually better understood as more or less rigorous phenomenologies. Sometimes actually applying the formal scientific method is grossly unethical or ludicrously expensive. In cases like that the phenomenological approach lets you still develop something of an understanding of the subject matter. From a practical perspective, it doesn't matter if the subject is technically formal science or a rigorous phenomenology, what matters is that you can engineer systems using the knowledge of the field. Formal reasoning, scientific or otherwise, is all about reducing a subject to cognitive manageability. If the subject is too complicated to do that, then it shouldn't be considered in the same class as subjects where that is possible. A lot of it is legal tax avoidance by funneling money through foundations, non-profits, and so on. https://nccs.urban.org/data-statistics/quick-facts-about-non... . As you can see, 10 billion is a drop in the bucket. The Feynman lectures on Computation provide good background on reversible computation from the perspective of a brilliant physicist. https://www.scribd.com/doc/52657907/Feynman-Lectures-on-Comp... There might be if TRT becomes as popular as hormonal birth control for women. Another downside of TRT is that it greatly reduces male fertility by suppressing intratesticular testosterone. This is usually reversible by discontinuing treatment, but in rare cases it can be permanent. However depending on the cause of low testosterone (talk to your doctor), clomiphene citrate (clomid) can spur the testes to produce additional testosterone all the way up to the high normal range. So if you have low T and might want children in the next couple years, then look into that. I'm not a doctor, but from my basic undergraduate level understanding of biology I would expect clomid to be highly effective in cases where low testosterone is due to xenoestrogen exposure, among others. Why not just put a (tentative) next to your newspaper’s astrology column? Clickbait Crap like this is why there is a replication crisis. Mathematica is also worth it. A nice short read for an introduction to equational logic: http://www.cs.cornell.edu/home/gries/Logic/Equational.html The Leibniz rule in particular carries a lot of weight. Japanese quality is fantastic. But few know how it happened. Homer Sarasohn's influence is almost impossible to overstate: https://honoringhomer.net/ We should remember that we are currently in an ice age[1]. If climatology can be reduced to an effective engineering practice that would be awesome, but we should remember that a frozen Earth will be far worse for most human beings than a hothouse Earth. In the worst case scenarios of Global Warming, the burdens and costs will be largely born by the developed world, both in terms of geographical changes such as sea level rise as well as absorbing migrants from more southerly regions. And the developed world is up to those challenges. On the other hand, when, not if, the reglaciation occurs, it will be devastating to the entire human population of the planet. It would be darkly comical if unintentional human warming were staving off the next freezing period, and we brought catastrophe on our planet by trying to fix it. Humility is called for. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quaternary_glaciation