Absolutely not!! It's more like this You have old user table with for example: login and user name In MongoDB this is a JSON object {login:'user', name:'User Name'} You want to add 'shoe size'. So you add 1 - the shoe size to the signup/user editing form 2 - next user created is like this: {login:'user', name:'User Name', 'shoe_size': 7} 3 - Old users DON'T get a shoe_size added automatically to their document, but next time they login they get asked "What's your shoe size". It's dynamic. if (!user.shoe_size), done. You add new columns on demand, and you almost never remove them (you don't need to add fields for migrating, except of course those you want to add) You (almost never) "run the migration" for a while adding shoe_size to existing documents. And it absolutely does make a huge difference, since you don't have to deal with the mess of relational DB migrations. I'll never develop a system using a relational DB again if I can avoid. > Now I'm not anti-MongoDB, I'm just saying you shouldn't give it credit for something that relational database do just fine. No, it can't. Sorry, it absolutely can't. > If you add a default value it locks the table and re-writes it. > However, if you don't add a default value postgres will perform the operation instantly. And in MongoDB you don't have to change anything in the DB (hence, no downtime). It's all in your code. Yes, I can add a field in PGSQL, then my ORM quits on me (because I can't have a optional field, of course). Or I can use hand written SQL at which point it adds a couple of months to my schedule. Or I can use migrations + ORM like Ruby migrations or South (Django). They will blow up for anything slightly more complex. I also can't use the old version of the DB, so my old backups just became more troublesome to recover. And that's why Facebook and others don't user relational anymore. Sure, you can use MySQL or PG, but the real data is stored in a text or binary blob. Exactly VC++ is much easier to work with than GCC on Windows (and I'm not talking only IDE but API support, debugging, binary size, etc) Also, video driver support is best on Windows. But of course, demos are made for Linux/OSX as well. You can try them on Wine as well under Linux, it's worth a shot. There are several reasons to use C++: Qt, STL just to name a few. C++ is much more powerful than C. C is more 'well behaved', surely, but productivity is an important issue. Especially for desktop applications, and embedded applications, C++ is killer. And of course your mileage may vary. But you're welcome trying to run Java in an embedded system (Android hw requirements are way above most embedded systems out there, like set top boxes, network devices, etc) Add the semicolon "but but but" add the semicolon There's so much FOR it, it's unbelievable. Yes, it's good to 'break the rules' now and then. Add the semicolon This is not about if JS allows it or not. It's important, but mostly irrelevant. You can also not add 'var' to JS variables unless needed. That's going to be a lot of fun when it goes wrong. But here are the million dollar questions: 1 - How much time is spent making it work without a semicolon as opposed to just typing it? This is not about typing ';' - time for that is irrelevant, but the mental effort of doing so 2 - How much time will it be wasted to fix minifiers (that is, add to them the intricacies of no-semi colon parsing and probably having to write a whole different parser) 3 - How much mental effort is needed to comprehend and correctly fix non semicolon code Number 3 is the biggest issue and if you don't believe me it goes by another name: coding standard Yes, JS works without semicolons. And yes, C works without indenting, without meaningful names to variables, etc. It's not about "to write JS you should know all the nitty-gritty rules of the language and you're stupid if you don't know them so you just add semicolons". It's about teamwork, and facilitating code comprehension (and maintenance). And language designers make mistakes. They don't know if a feature is going to become a trap, irrelevant to 99% of developers (and with an easy workaround) or just a pain in the behind. Well, everybody is going to have some amount of nostalgia, for better or worse. Especially from things that relate to childhood/teen years. Not only on the internet space, but "80's/90's parties", reliving the experiences, etc. In a sense, it's very important. The 70's, the 80's and the 90's have been a period of extreme experimentation and learning in culture and technology. In music, cinema, computers, technology, etc The appeal of this era, I believe, comes from the limitations and the 'quirkiness' of things evolving. See how 8-bit limitations have created a culture and a aesthetics of its own. Games don't need MIDI music anymore, resolution is not a limiting factor and we can get almost picture perfect images in real time. How games were designed on the Apple II has its relevance, in both cultural and technical terms. The main point of the 'internet culture' is facilitating the storage and sharing of these old contents. In a culture preservation sense this is very important. How much money is spent by studios to conserve a copy of their old movies. Try playing the old VHS tapes in your (or your parents) basement. Oh you don't have a VCR anymore?! Storing them in YT (or in a digital format) and sharing can preserve the cultural value of the content. There are 2 issues there 1 - yes, screens are huge, but it doesn't mean people can/will use small fonts or will scroll the screen With today's big/wide screens it's more useful to have code side by side. 2 - Abuse. The 80 character limit is a pretty good indicator that you should be doing something else instead of having your code go over 80 characters. Long lines are confusing, and you most likely can split the logic in several lines, facilitating maintenance. Yeah I used to prefer tabs as well, and I still stand by it. But you can always configure your editor to use 4 spaces. And 4 spaces looks like 'less wasted space'. I'll keep using tabs for some things, and 4 spaces to most professional projects. About 2 spaces I'll just say one thing: NO Oops! You're absolutely right! I just 'forgot' about The Beatles, The Rolling Stones and Bob Dylan (amongst others) As having gone to engineering school, I agree with you. But the main issue is that most technical courses are given by people with a strong foothold in academia (and a lack of knowledge of "the outside world") Good teachers go a long way, you have to be aware of the issues to realize they're happening once in the "real world". You have to know the technical aspecsts, but if you restrict yourself to that, you'll spend your life in Dilbert's world unable to change things. And when it's your turn to lead, you'll do exactly the same as your boss did. This list is very important, and the most amazing thing is how many people don't know 10% of it, even in companies! I suppose the issue is slightly deeper than "users want to see their movies without letterboxing" Sure, you could simply slap any resolution in a PC monitor. But if you keep the aspect rate constant across devices, you can easily change displays. Why? Example: 2nd monitor, and especially the big screen TVs that are being used in place of projectors nowadays. Funny that the 13' MacBooks (Pro/Air) still have a 1.6 (16:10) ratio, and the 11' has a 16:9 ratio Amazing! At first I thought it was something even lower-level (that is, a true magnetic scanner that didn't depend on existing disk drives - there are solutions like that for shattered HD plates and disks, but I'm assuming it's very expensive) But I don't know much about floppy drives to say what are the limitations of using a standard floppy reader. Actually the main issue is: Sure, you can run an Amazon EC2 machine 24/7 (and get a 'competitive price') But if that's your main usage pattern, go for Rackspace, Linode, etc EC2 really shines on 'on demand' computing. Turning it up to 11 when you need it and decomissioning it soon after. Sure, it's usual to keep 1 or 2 machines working full time. Whereas in Rackspace what you do is start a machine (you can pick from several configs) and have it running permanently. And AWS offer several services that are still sometimes missing from the competition (like CloudFront, Route53, etc) Beautiful! It's very difficult to assemble a circuit without a substract (PCB or other), and those wires aren't going to stay straight by themselves. The shining capacitors are a special touch (I guess he removed the plastic cover on them) I'm not sure about the sound quality though. Not really. A headphone (even a big one) uses little power. For this amp, output power is around 200mW apparently. Sure, acrylic is not the best conductor of heat around, but I'm guessing the tight coupling to the chip casing and low power makes it a non issue. I see one exception to this rule, and it's something very specific. If you're dealing with a very specific knowledge or domain and you're an expert in that field, I guess you could be a "technical non-coder" For example: healthcare/medical, economy, statistics, etc Some of those can work their way around Matlab for example, but not create something on the web Of course. Concorde was shut down for economic reasons. But it was also the first interaction of the concept, and built with very inefficient technology. The Space Shuttle flew for the first time 5 years after Concorde began commercial service. How many improvements have we seen in commercial aviation technology: better engines, better aerodynamics (and CFD), lighter materials, fly-by-wire If a new SST is ever designed it will probably sill be inefficient, but ahead of the original Concorde. You probably wouldn't need it to go Mach 2 for example, maybe Mach 1.5 saves enough time on a trip to justify it. Not to mention the issue that Concorde had Economy class seats with First class price. This I haven't tried ML yet. My MBP is brand new (bought in January 2012), factory configuration (4GB RAM, Lion) If you use it 'lightly' (that is, only Safari open) it's a breeze. But of course, it's never only that if you want to do any work. Frankly, 4 GB should be enough! My past machine (with 3GB - and Linux) would rarely swap (in fact I could keep swap off and use a Windows 7 VM) But you can go only so far with an aging CPU Some of the slowness can be attributed to Safari/Firefox, sure But it really seems to have something wrong. Maybe they really neglected people with spinning disks. (Yes, I considered buying a MacBook Air but 128Gb was not enough for me and the other options were above my budget) I think there's an exageration as well, today the trend seems to be "use nothing by the distro" Ok, sure, MongoDB still changes a lot between versions, in this case you should use the latest version. But stop there. Especially if you're paying for support (like RHEL) There should be a good reason for you to compile Apache / MySQL / PostgreSQL / Python. Otherwise, use the distro version. One (common) exception would be "we need Python 2.7 but this ships only 2.6" Most of the "just download and compile" have no idea of the work that goes behind Linux distributions to ship these packages. Yes, I'm sure you're going to read all security advisories and recompile all your stack every X days instead of running apt/yum upgrade You're right, sorry about that ;) Guess I was thinking too much about the "compile everything" people. Great article, btw! Humm... no Profitability is more important. There are examples to the contrary (Tumblr, Pinterest, Instagram, etc) but if you're profitable this means you are providing a worthy service (unless you're in the 'Nigerian Prince' business), and people are willing to pay you! Never underestimate the power of people actually paying you. A cutoff is good, but a triggered alarm would go a long way. For example in Linode you can configure trigger conditions for CPU (triggers in x% cpu for y time) and Network usage (there are other conditions as well) Very useful for flagging suspicious activity (or just plain accidents) >> The heavy regulation is not preventing competition. The heavy regulation is just providing a minimum base for that competition. >> The problem is with the utterly broken system of US healthcare. These are not uncorrelated. They are heavily correlated. Sure you can do everything by the book, and then you end up with $4000 or more for a SIMPLE thing. And of course, people can say "lawyers ruin everything", but I'd like to add "crybaby patients ruin everything" as well. Because if the manufacturer of the machine allows configuration you can be certain someone, if the machine asks for 1+1 they will type 3 and die as a result. >> It was, however, strange to need a prescription to buy a machine Well, people need a prescription for glasses, so not that strange afterall. I suppose if you know your prescription (only the values) they won't give you the glasses, it has to be a proper prescription This is not true for contact lenses You are required to present a prescription and give the doctor's name to buy online e.g. http://www.coastal.com/new-visitors.ep?ilid=lnav Also, the requirement of a prescription to buy glasses varies from country to country. AS3 is not Java, but rather Javascript http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ActionScript#ActionScript_3.0 The S in SOAP is for Simple as the L in LDAP is for lightweight "Just feels like people with money are throwing it around" Also, there is this quote: "One of the areas of focus for their fund is cloud computing" So, it looks like EXACTLY that. They will probably end up with lots of "Pets.com 2.0" One thing that is quite easy to forget: A formula is a formula, it's a tool It does not crash markets, people who misuse it are the ones who cause trouble. More or less But I can have an accident with a gun. The gun is a physical, tangible instrument for delivering damage. You don't see people getting killed directly by formulas. Also, you are responsible for feeding the parameters in the formula. The formula doesn't interpret or act in the values it provided. This is very true What the "regulation fans" don't realize is that the bigger the company the more lawyers/accountants it can hire and work the cracks in the system. This is also valid in the case of Starbucks. Regulation is increased for a reason, and the only company that has the resources to comply with it is Starbucks. Regulation has to be simple, and in the case of transnational corporations, were country borders are mere a detail, increasing regulation will mean essentially nothing to the company and a loss of revenue to the country. Disagree "UTF-16 is the worst of both worlds—variable length and too wide" Really, the author tries to convince the reader, but it's not that clean cut. One of the advantages of UTF-16 is knowing right away it's UTF-16 as opposed to deciding if it's UTF-8/ASCII/other encoding. Sure, for transmission it's a waste of space (still, text for today's computer capabilities is a non issue even if using UTF-32) "It's not fixed width" But for most text, it is. Sure, you can do UTF-32 and it may not be a bad idea (today) Yes, Windows has to deal with several complications and with backwards compatibility, so it's a bag of hurt. Still, they went the right way (internally, it's unicode, period.) "in plain Windows edit control (until Vista), it takes two backspaces to delete a character which takes 4 bytes in UTF-16" If I'm not mistaken this is by design. The 4 byte characters is usually typed as a combination of characters, so if you want to change the last part of the combination you jut type one backspace. "Keeping large amounts of text data in memory as efficiently as possible is one of my greatest concerns" Depends on what you consider efficiency. If it's size, sure, store it using UTF-8. But if you're worried about speed, then UTF-16 or 32 may be the way to go, since you're dealing with data that fits a CPU register. For example, on ARM comparing one byte is much more work than comparing one 32-bit value. "True, so ignoring it means that your code will be correct ... most of the time." No, not going to ignore it! But on UTF-16 more code points match the UTF-16 encoding of it (easier for debugging) "First of all, if you don't know the encoding, then you don't know the encoding" True. But as you said, you have to know if it's BE or LE on UTF16. And there are ways to determine that automatically. (or it's on the same platform so it doesn't matter). With "ASCII compatible" codes, you can't. I guess the main issue to me is that UTF-16 is not "ASCII compatible" so you know it's a different beast altogether. And don't worry, I'm not assuming UTF-16 is fixed width. One should use the libraries and not try to solve this 'manually'. About UTF-32 think: CPU registers and operations. Working with bytes is inefficient (even with the benefit of smaller size). Correct There was once an article about a "songwriters auction" where songwriters would pitch their music to producers of famous singers. (sorry can't find it now) For most commercial pop music it's an assembly line really. Several stages specializing in one thing. McD ideas for McD music. Tastes the same as well. Good analogy There are several very competent musicians working 'as the band' for famous names or just playing in recording sessions. There's good money on that. Of course, most of them have their own band, do their gigs at night, usually just for fun (it most certainly does not pay the bills). Very interesting! So I guess this explains how Justin Bieber's 'Baby' has so many songwriters/composers. It's really an assembly line "I mean, sure it's ridiculous, but these tracks are made by people who are uniquely good at the ridiculous things they like doing. If they've found a way to get paid for that, my hat's off to them" Agree wholeheartedly. You jest, but there are a lot of similarities Of course, YC doesn't profit from very bad contestants, so there's one difference But if you see the progression of the candidates through the competition you can certainly draw several parallels. YC doesn't have a 'clear cut' winner as AI, still you know that there is a slight mismatch between 'winning the competition' and be 'market successful'. One rarely matches the other. And of course, the issues of focus, strategy, pressure are very similar among AI and YC. Some contestants start shining early on in the competition, some have perfect technique, but in the end, it only goes so far if it isn't a balance of competences. Makes sense, but yeah, VC as a Record Label is not really a good analogy Record Labels give much more support to their protégés, and "charge a higher fee" as well (VCs don't ask for 'creative control' of their startups as an example) Great experiments! Too bad most of them are really easy/for kids. The ones in this blog are a bit more high level (I didn't know the orange one). I remember "The Amateur Scientist" at SciAm, but those were really difficult experiments. (Of course I wanted to be like that when I "grew up") But I did my share of setting fire to things. Two words: microwave transformer (don't try this at home kids) I agree with the original poster "IF you assume that MITM-attacks are rare, you probably also assume that traffic snooping is rare (which is after all a form of a MITM-attack)" Well, no! You can snoop traffic without being the MITM (WiFi, local network snooping, etc). Snooping is much more easier. As you said, security is never perfect, and 'security implementers' less so. If the other part of the communication uses a self signed certificate (or signed by "Bob's SSL") well, I can try to convince them to change, but it will be hard. Sure, I'll never accept a self signed key from my bank or e-commerce, but there are several other uses. And when using APIs to connect to https you should be able to tell it to ignore the certificate, it doesn't matter, way more often than the opposite, unless you don't trust your ISP. Let me tell you (a bit from experience) It has to be low, but it shouldn't be too low! - Early adopters really don't mind paying more - If the app has some intrinsic corporate value it can be priced higher - Pricing "sets the tone" of the product For example, a regular user won't mind paying $1 compared to a $0.10 product. So charge $1 And think of how many copies you have to sell more at price X to profit like price Y. Suppose an exageration: price X is $1 and price Y is $100. Is selling at price X really 100 times more difficult than at price Y? Selling 5 units at Y price may be difficult but selling 500 units at price X may be harder You don't want to celebrate 1000 sales at $1, you're still starving at the end of the month. "In my experience, folks who pay A WHOLE NINETY NINE CENTS OF MY MONEY have very shockingly high expectations of polish / quality / feature selection (but no desire to e.g. read what the software actually does)" What you do? You shut them out. Not "remote disable them". But feature/support requests policy has to be simple. Either a user forum, FAQ, etc You should absolutely not waste your precious time with this kind of work. If they want a refund just give it to them (not sure how easy this is on App Store or others) Also, if this is so overwhelming, raise the price If they really want this so much they can pay 1.99 You don't need to ignore everything they say, but take it with a huge grain of salt. I'm guessing the JVMs have gone a long way on optimization (or maybe they're using JIT) Also not sure about how optimized are the C# sources in relation to the Java sources For example, in the Mandelbrot benchmark there are several differences - Java uses more arrays - C# and Java use different break conditions - Calculations are done differently (with similar results) Overall they're doing the same things, the C# is more like I remember it, so I'm guessing the Java code has some smart tricks up its sleeve True I agree, what it should say is: never log to the main database, create a DB especially for it (preferably in an entire different file system/disk/machine) And don't forget to set it to 'append only' So, here's the thing, and you can be guilty of this too! If you're too worried about the answers matching your little pop quiz, sorry, you're doing it wrong I know G needs the users to know what they ask, and their business stand on scalability, still There is so much more! The article is just one example where google fails (yes, it doesn't say it's google: it's google) And you solved it in O(n) where they want an O(n log n) solution?! What are they thinking of refusing this? You can be a specialist on several other technologies and techniques that are not asked in the interview it's not even funny. Discrete math, code optimization, machine learning (yeah, ok, Norvig is there, and they do that a lot, still), graphics rendering, etc, etc Couldn't think of a better analogy myself IMHO For SEO and UX the current scheme is good. So they should keep using it. But the problem is thinking that "we use REST so every darn resource on the site has to follow this pattern even though it makes no sense to use it" I don't think twitter is going to filter by user to see if it matches the url. The key for the tweet is the tweet_id and that's the key to their (hugely cached) DB According to Groklaw the jury has not indicated an issue with question 4, but rather with one of the 3 first Their (groklaw) quote is: "Judge Alsup tells them they don't have to reach agreement on question 4. That's just advice for him, because he has to decide that in the end. No, they tell him they are at an impasse on one of the first three questions on the form." These are actually very good odds "risk" is actually probability x payoff (for one event like a bet on throwing a dice) If it's bigger than 1, congratulations. In this case you would have something like Integral(payoff x probability,dprobability,0,1) (sorry about this syntax) For a real probability distribution, this means you have a 40% chance of breaking-off or do better The second issue is that your risk is (very) limited. It's cost of equipment + dev licence + cost of your time + 3rd parties It's not like the risk of cutting the wrong wire in a bomb about to go off. Most of the risk, I assure from experience, is not getting to the store in the first place. That is, not finishing the product, or coming up with something bad Yes, it's a rant. Why? Because probably the author is tired of explaining the same things over and over to the XML defenders Really JSON is better (and XML is crap) it's ridiculous, it's obvious, it's clear cut, and when people "don't get it" you start resorting to irony Like this: > Enclose the /element/ in matching delimiters, not the tag Let's compare them foo To json blah: foo 1 - size (json wins) 2 - matching. Here's an exercise, try splitting json with sed, and then try with XML. Sed is a good exercise, because it's limited to simple grammars, so it kind of gives an idea how much trouble it is to parse each one 3 - redundancy: what would mean if the line was foo This is a mistake, right? But I can assume the tag name is blah and the data is foo. This is a glaring redundancy in grammar, bound to cause trouble. Not to mention working with json data (like python) is natural compared to work with XML data. Popular != Better "Show me e.g. how a paragraph with a few embedded links is improved by translating to JSON." Even though HTML and XML are related, something like a web page is so ingrained that would be difficult to change And JSON was never a markup language The criticism of XML goes much more towards using it as a 'Key/Value' serialization format. But you could imagine something like that (commas and colons would have to be replaced in a 'JSON' markup language) {p: Read it on {href:news.ycombinator.com, a:Hacker News}} Size gains, parsing speed gains. RSS is not as clear cut, really, it's not a complicated structure, so it could be YAML for example "So maybe JSON is not always the right answer. Maybe it depends on what kind of data you want to express" XML has attributes, which I'm not against (unlike the article) and it has a more natural nesting of information. But for the majority of data, yes, JSON is better This is about coder productivity (which is increased with JSON it's not even funny), either in Python/Java (even with the whole swiss army knife of XML libs they have)/C# or others. Speed is also a issue. Encoding and decoding XML is slower, even with C speedups (example: Python lxml). And this is relevant for transformation of data or even sending it to the user. "Except that in JSON, strings need to be surrounded by double quotes" This is a funny limitation, since JSON came from Javascript and {a:1} is perfectly legal in Javascript "Why impose on human readers a syntactic requirement that only compilers/interpreters need?" Well, for human readers this can be bad, but <> can be bothersome as well. YAML could be a better choice (or something similar to JSON but with better syntax) This is an interesting issue blah is easier to 'see' than But in a big HTML you'll still be lost if you don't use indenting or a tool. At the end of the file you'll still have several close-tags one way or the other One way would be to rewrite this in an easier way (but less canonical). In math there are several ways of doing that, for example: Operator precedence and some defaults simplify, so you can write 3+2x(3+4) instead of (3+(2x(3+4))) But it would probably make things worse for a text markup language. Edit: changing asterisks for x It depends I've hired great people without having them write code. (Or at least, not in a whiteboard) Trust me, you can know a lot about a candidate without him or her writing a line of code (ok, maybe a line) My favorite question: "Tell me about a bug you once solved". That will tell you loads about the candidate Or ask him/her about the difference bewteen foldl and foldr But, really, I won't use FizzBuzz again "blah blah candidate has to write code" I won't use FizzBuzz Be creative people, FizzBuzz is easy, but it's boring. And it's a bad filter (from experience). Yes. Several people use it. Correct. Most mp3 players work that way But of course, in "corporate" they are going to require a "user friendly solution" It (was) usually a VB program done by people with no UX talent, on a budget an a short timeframe and with no testing as well. Also they make file copies take magically 3x as much time than copying using Windows explorer. Not to mention iTunes is a better solution, because it's your music library integrated with syncing. It's different for example than having one program to sync and another to listen. (Similar solutions like Amarok + iPod plugin work great as well) And therein lies the problem, in WSGI 99% of web sites are hosted in "shared hosting" services Now compare copying the .php files with configuring WSGI "No, but WSGI is easy blah blah blah" it doesn't beat copying files And no, settings WSGI is not easy Also, if you depend on IIS for example, PHP is almost plug'n'play WSGI on Windows is the definition of "bag of hurt". You can try fastcgi to run on windows, and then you find out flup needs socket.fromfd The easiest way, if it's your machine, run gunicorn or similar and just make Apache redirect the traffic. But in shared services it's still way too complicated. Can someone please explain to me why running native code coming from a web site is a good idea? Because I see this as "Google's ActiveX" Very interesting. The security features are very thorough. Of course, until someone finds a vulnerability, or a way through the validator, or an exploit on an abstracted function. Still, it's a good security model You can't have 'git' and 'easier' on the same phrase Or maybe you can: Hg is easier than Git Now, I don't hate git, I love git, but you're seriously overestimating the knowledge of most of the programmers. Git for lots of people feels like being thrown in a plane cockpit and asked to fly the darn thing. And this is seriously something Heroku needs to think about. Sure, for now, it's still mostly early adopters. But I really wouldn't like to tie my production servers to a specific VCS. Compare this with drag-and-drop of php files to their ftp server. I think shared hosts have already enabled FastCGI for all php files Something like this: http://test.fastcgi.com/drupal/node/5?q=node/10 At least the shared hosting I use (bluehost) has warned me they were enabling this. In 2007 Still, for most uses, CGI works fine. This serves as a lesson to startups as well Never offer something for a lifetime Even if the cost of supporting it "forever" is minimal (that is, the complete opposite of what AA has done) Things like GMail, for example. You may be tempted to do it. Don't Always put in your terms of use a provision of termination. Of course, be reasonable, for example, allow the user to backup the data given a reasonable timeframe (e.g. Google Health) Yes, if you go to eBay and order a couple of motivational posters this will only lower morale. Everybody will notice the BS But this is something different. It's what the company truly believes. Or do you see something not matching Apple's beliefe there? If you don't believe that, you certainly won't be a good fit. Now, RedHat can put a poster like "The Power is in the Community" and if you don't like or understand that you certainly won't be able to blend in. Even if you're management. Now, do you think Google could honestly put a poster "Don't be evil" today? Here's the question (which I sincerely don't know the answer) Do Apple offer stock options? Bonus per project? Other factors could be: what's the impact of having Apple in your CV? Getting to say you worked on project X ?(Apparently this is something Apple limits disclosure, still, if you're an cell phone engineer not a lot of projects you could work) Sacrificing your life for a company's profit looks like the job is only a physical process of "turning a money machine". And of course, I hate sacrificing weekends and holidays. Printf format is great, but there's an issue You're repeating yourself. Why? Because C can't know what types you are passing to it. So you have to explicitly do '%d' or '%s' to let printf know what this is. But yes, I think it's easier to type than {0} What to expect from a country that charges a TV license for blind people... Edit: do you think I'm kidding? http://www.tvlicensing.co.uk/easy-read/EA15/ "If you are registered blind or severely sight impaired you can get a TV Licence for half of the usual cost." "If they do then clearly they feel they are getting something out of it, so why should they get it free unlike everybody else?" The TV is a communications device. Sure, they can listen to the radio, but some things you get through tv that you don't get on the radio. This sounds like extreme pettiness by 'tv regulators' towards people with a severe handicap. Well, the price the rest of the world pay to watch TV is the cost of the equipment. Cable is opt-in, of course, but your TV is not a paperweight without it. Sure, you don't need a TV license if you only play videogames, but I'm sure you'll have a hard time convincing the auditors. Blind people surely benefit from television, and have a severe handicap, and that's the point. "Should they get cheaper broadband too?" Maybe, but they probably pay less since speed is not so important to them. I don't know, I think it's absurd to charge for an unencrypted, public Over The Air TV signal. Sure, it's an opt-in system, and it finances the BBC, etc. I'm sure the concept of not paying is as strange as the concept of paying for those who aren't accustomed to it. But the incremental cost of each receptor is insignificant, so IMHO there should be an incentive for blind people to have a television. "TV is opt in" sure, so is the radio, so is internet. But realistically, very few people don't have it. Today, with internet, the importance of the television is significantly diminished, but its communication power was important. Great! I think this is the video you mentioned: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8evnEqOVEns Comparison with the internet was only because the internet is a communication medium "likely to cause death or serious injury" No You don't know what parts they were, but I'm sure the repairer evaluated the situation. This is an extreme sheltering mentality An old product certainly does not conform to modern standarts, but it's reasonably safe (given you don't do anything stupid to it) Well, if the issue is a frayed cord, I agree, substitution, as you said, is cheap. But of course you could describe a cord as "frayed" but only because it's a little dirty, but the isolation is still in good shape Considering the damages from this "copying" amount to the price of a sandwich, I reckon google is not very worried if this is infringing. This is very true This is what people calling Instagram a $1B Django App don't get (and of course, it's Django + IOS) If you add nothing but technical skills, your pink slip is a matter of time. Unless of course, your technical skills are really up there (like: scalability, cryptography, special algorithms, etc) Correct But several execution details come from the idea guy Technical people can, of course, come up with execution details (this is not use RoR instead of node.js kind of details) It's one thing to have an "idea" like "Sell cat food on the internet". That's a dime a dozen The real idea that investors are looking for is all the nitty-gritty details on how selling cat food on the internet can be a good idea (is it customer acquisition? sales structure? pricing?) Yeah, I think you got the int 10h right (not sure I remember this as well) But then came VESA which was a little bit more complex and of course, screen sizes bigger than a segment (ouch) About audio, IMHO it's much easier now, dealing with those interrupt handlers and dma controllers wasn't easy. Of course, once the library worked it was ok. Yes But for that, data is needed and/or your estimate has to be better than the BS estimate If someone comes up with "The potential market for flamethrowers is $500Mi" you better have the ability to check this before someone gets burned "Really, the chip things are an example of security theater. Yes, they're more "secure" in the sense of being harder to defeat" Absolutely not! In the US fraud may be small (but it's increasing). But magnetic stripes are very unsafe Chip'n'Pin may have some issues, but it's much safer to most common attacks such as - card stripers (very inconspicuous) - physical theft of the card (because it requires a pin) And, as someone that had a striped card, it's a pain (even if liabilities are $0) "cost of replacing all the card reader infrastructure" I'm not sure how many PoS are already equipped to deal with chip cards. In the USA/Canada it's hit or miss (most misses), and in Europe it was the standard 10 years ago (but most readers take swipe cards). Replacing cards is cheap and they can be replaced as they expire What would be the upgrade cost for each PoS? $100? Some systems are more integrated than others (like card reader integrated with the register as one device) so this may cost more. Or maybe it's just a matter of issuing the cards to justify the stores to upgrade. Here's how I do it Cover the pad with one hand (and maybe your wallet) and type it with the other You can do it quite naturally. Of course it helps if you type the pin fast as well (by fast I mean not taking 1s per digit) "many violations of the C++ standard that GCC silently accepts" Or maybe it's C++ violations that are "commonplace" and would break several existing softwares. And herein lies the biggest hurdles with C++ Heavy templating and inheritance is the way to ensure your C++ program will be unmaintainable and not forward compatible with GCC (or other compilers) I've been in a similar situation where I spent a lot of time fixing compiler errors (on GCC 3.X if I'm not mistaken) that would be ignored on 2.X Yes I'm not sure how it works in Clang, but of course, GCC doesn't "see" macros, this is seen by the CPP (C pre processor) and GCC operates in C code only There's a flag (-E) that makes GCC output the preprocessed code and stop I think there should be a step 0 0. Get your CV out there So you can start some leads and if they ask for some weeks notice, you'll have something going (at least some leads) when you're no longer there I remember reading this some years ago (unless this is a new version) Dear C++ programmers: follow this! (with exceptions accordingly) There are real challenges there! Hence 21/76 (27.63%) True, but not most rules There are some limitations there relating to embedded systems (for example, they explicitly forbid the use of atoi because obviously you want to be sure of no undefined behavior while flying at Mach 2 at 20kft) For example, section 3 are very general good rules Av Rule 84/85 are very relevant as well (just an example) It's very easy to exaggerate when using C++ and hence some limits are needed. Or understand the URLs the page accesses, and make something similar for older browsers (if it's probably just a post with a badge number it's simple, if there is a login step it may be more difficult) Having said that I have to say I have absolutely no experience reverse engineering protocols used by clock systems and that I never did a Linux version of a Windows only system. Well, funny I know about people with no college education being interviewed at google You can blame google for having a broken interview process but it appears 99% of their assessment comes from the interview and it really doesn't matter if your major is in pet grooming or math Edit 'cause I can't answer: Not "friend of a friend" account, but directly from the concerned person '"99% of their assessment comes from the interview." Indeed, it's the very opposite since the interview is not where you show that you can |excel in multiple areas."' I don't believe you are familiar with the Google selection process. The importance of academic achievement (for engineering positions especially) is underrated by google. You may shine in academia, if you don't get almost a perfect score in the interview you're out. Correct And also medicine, biology, most of engineering, etc Sad, yeah. And of course, you can't learn medicine (and others) without actually examining people Would you trust a doctor that only learned on the internet to operate on you? I unfortunately have to agree wholeheartedly Sure, if you're doing a simple CMS, a simple system (even with Django Auth), Django ORM is fine If you have anything slightly complex (several relationships between models) watch it fall apart Actually, in real clothes it would be difficult to turn it inside out through a small tear Topologically possible, but with a physical constraint (or more likely, you increase the tear trying to do it) The tech of 1999 is certainly underestimated today Still, in 1999 I had a PII 333MHz and 10GB HD (and Windows 98, sigh) But reading about the history of Pixar, the difficulties (in the first Toy Story) involved the workflow of creating a full-feature film (apart from all the other problems they had) So I'm guessing, since Toy Story 2 was their 3rd feature film, things were still a bit raw (especially given their fast pace) What is underestimated is what one could do with it. Sure, 10GB fits in a usb stick today (or better, fits in a 3 year old one) And managing the amount of data was certainly a challenge. If you see the first Toy Story today you can think of that being rendered in real time by a modern graphic card easily. But still, they had what was available and managed to do all kinds of tricks Now see what they could do in 1984 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYbPzyvResc Also, I'm not sure GM's marketing dept. is experienced in advertisement for online media Sure, it's easy to advertise on FB (or Google Ads). It's a whole different story to make it effective. Take Google AdWords. If you don't optimize your strategy you'll have a high CPC (cost per click), will probably pay for ineffective words. Also, there are changes you can do to your content (being advertised) that affect your CPC. La Defense is important (though not "technically" in Paris, but it's Paris Area) Let me add (compared to Berlin): Good connectivity to: London, Brussels (train) and other cities (CDG one of the biggest air hubs) Major companies are there: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_Paris#Fortune_Global... (Most of the big companies are there: fashion, banks, defense/big contractors (some), etc) They certainly aren't mom and pop but it doesn't mean they are up to date They may keep an old agency just for the sake of it, who may not be specialized in modern medias And they can hire the best people for internet marketing just to end with their campaigns not approved by GMs marketing department, having to get something conservative (hence, ineffective) I'm not talking about connectivity inside the town. But yes, there are some problems (eventually) Or you could just take a cab from CDG to Paris. But Paris has the Eurostar and Thales this means 1h15 from Paris (city center) to Brussels (city center) and +/- 2h20 to London (St Pancras station). Without having to go to a far-away airport and get there 1h before the flight. Berlin sure has lots of flights but it's not an Intl hub like LHR or CDG Ok, let's get back to the basics, because everybody looks like they lost it when they start discussing this "rich people don't create jobs, nor do businesses, large or small." Ok, where to start You can have "a job" essentially in two ways: - Being self-employed (doctor, lawyer, etc), or create your own company. This is usually the minority of people - Having a job at a company So, yes, companies create jobs, next Big companies create more jobs (per 'unit'). Smaller companies create less jobs (per 'unit') but combined they make more jobs in total. Companies create an opening because of: increased production (or more customers, in case of services), new line of business. This is ignoring regular turnaround where someone quits to go somewhere else and someone is hired to replace. Hence, new jobs comes from: - New products / services - More people consuming existing products (we could add loss of efficiency as well) Now, bigger companies have a much easier time hiring new people. HR is set and knows the drill, they usually can accomodate new people with their existing profits (maybe not a lot, still) Smaller companies have a much harder time hiring another people. Suppose you are a one man company, and you want to hire someone. You have to be HR (this cuts into your time). You may be not sure if adding this person is going to increase the profits enough to cover for the extra costs, etc So when you cut taxes to all companies, sure, you're helping the big guys, but also the small guys. The rich have an easier time dodging regulation or sending their profits to Ireland and back, but not the small guy "And taxing the rich to make investments that grow the middle class" (from the article) Yadda yadda yadda. You want to grow the middle class? Reduce taxing on them! But the government won't do it, because the middle class (still) has the most money available (amount of people x taxes payed by each one) and the least resources to avoid them. "What is useful is solving problems and trying to explain the world. That's what people like Newton, Darwin and Einstein were doing." Of course. And that's why they are in the history books. But now the most part of "scientific studies" have two objectives: - Meet grant / tenure criteria of published papers - Prove the new drug by "Big Pharma" is better than the old one whose patents are expiring. The fact that several are disproved afterwards is irrelevant. At least we still have the LHC guys, the Hubble guys, MSL, AMS. But don't be surprised if those are accused of not being "real scientists" as well. Yeah Because Eduardo is not paying any exit tax based on capital gains he would have by selling his stock at the moment. Oh wait he is! "Oh but the value of the stock may increase!" Yes, but it can also decrease. I think any story on Pivots deserve to have the story of the Fab Pivot http://www.slideshare.net/fabulis/fab-2011-timeline Gee, thanks MS But I think I'll just run Linux Or just go to the Apple Store "With great power comes great responsibility" and it's a pity MS doesn't OWN the user experience. Lock up the ability of OEM to preinstall stuff (like, only drivers and specific software) (yes, several parts of Windows have worsened over time, like the Control Panel. Still, MS products UX is usually better than most UX out there) "Microsoft should restrict people's ability to install software on a Windows computer." OEMs, not the user Simple, I want to know what's been installed. With Linux or "Windows from MS" I know. With "Windows from OEM" I don't know. You mean, they do that because MS used its sheer monopoly power to keep an Ex-Apple (Jean Louis Gasse) competitor out of the business? Sounds familiar. Humm the icon thing: not an MBA thing I guess a group of engineers could do the same That's called Design by Committee. See also: Windows Vista Correct The main objective of SpaceX is reliability Have to say they gave a very good presentation about that today "our abstraction mechanisms are failing us... There are four or five projects working on this and, literally, hundreds of photo-sharing startups." But it's the same thing! It's the same problems And IMHO in the technical places it's getting worse every day. The reason some photo sharing apps are bought by a billion dollar is the same as why lots os people use PHP even though "it sucks". User experience and ease of use. You don't need to limit yourself to a high level abstraction (like gnome) or provide the whole "under the hood" controls like you're flying an aircraft. Complexity has to be managed and split into stages. C'mon, even VIM has a smooth learning curve (and not a learning abyss, or being shut out) And stop the very prevalent mentality in technical circles of "if you're technical you have to read the manual". User experience has a place even when editing .conf files or using a command line tool, but some people make it out of the way harder just to make it accessible only "to the true believers". Seeing a gentle shutdown of a rocket is an amazing feet But the "explosions" are usually from the rocket self destruction mechanism Pretty and kinda sad yes, the alternative is worse. I believe there are some videos of russian rockets not self-destructing on Youtube Agreed "That's why we can't have nice things" Too much liability issues and because of (most likely) an irresponsible driver now they're (or better, someone that can pin any cost on the injured) goes after the car renter, car manufacturer, road authority, etc. They'll probably make a way for Steve Jobs to be liable as well if they can, I guess "no longer theoretical" No crap sherlock. People have been getting injured in car accidents for the past 100 years. By getting into a car and driving you assume a non zero risk of being injured or killed in a car accident. Do you want zero risk? Live in a bubble Now his suddenly becomes a multi-million dollar cash cow for several 3rd parties. Except for the victims of course, who'll have to deal with giant health costs (because of similar excess liability and regulation meandering by the authorities and greed by the medical industry) Sure, liability is important, if it involved a drunk driver for example, or a fault that comes from the car maker. But there's always a risk! And preventing some risks causes even more risks sometimes. It's called 'An excuse' They probably wouldn't have killed if it was in the correct orbit all along, but they probably considered "risk of fixing" vs insurance payout This Money from buying shares in a company usually have two objectives: 1 - Investing in the company (as in hiring more people, etc) 2 - Going to a previous owner of shares Rovio doesn't seem they need much money in the first option, so naturally it's the second option You can try, but it's tough Seeing Google try different shades of blue automatically, just goes to show that they don't know what they are doing "To build a great UX, one has to step back and think about what’s most important, try to come up with the most simple and shortest path to get there, build, analyze what works and why(not), measure, test, rinse, and repeat." This is very important. But get this: measuring and refining won't fix big errors. So work with a designer and don't BS him trying to do "live genetic programming" your site with your A/B tool. Forgetting for a moment all the theory of color and contrast /equilibrium in a design: 1 - different people see different shades (difference in monitors) 2 - Unless there is a glaring problem with the shade of color chosen (like something most designers wouldn't approve), changing shades is one of the least important areas of improvement possible 3 - The current redesigns of GMail / G+ / GReader (among others) are very showing that Google is thinking like "engineers" and not like UX experts 1 No, you really can't account that. You can't account for people's eyes as well. You may make a guess (maybe on display resolution) which is not precise at all. 2 Google does an can certainly work with whatever they want, but they should try the big improvements first. Their work with page loading times is great, and that has been shown to correlate with earnings. But trying to tune the shades when there are more important things to be worked is pointless 3 It goes to show they don't understand design. In some aspects they do (like GMaps) but it seems to be declining Yes, see "heavily-modified Django" (even though this is probably around scalability and connecting with other technologies) Scalability and uptime is still hard Still, Pinterest is laying on a great infrastructure (EC2, Elastic Map Reduce) and using it to the fullest. Oh, I wish it was that simple. You can't mix and match (you can theoretically ) Let's say you began with Django, right? Or there was something already ready in Django. And then you begin to see the warts. But ok, you keep churning along. And the more you churn the more of a specialist in the deficiencies of each technology you become. Like the fact that Django's ORM runs like a dog. Or see all the "we moved to MongoDB and we regret it" discussions From that list, there are two technologies I would recommend strongly (if you know what you are doing): nginx and Redis The rest needs to be handled with care. And Redis is very powerful if you know how to use, but it's easy to go the "lazy way" with it, and it will be fast, but not as fast as it can. I agree 100% (even though I don't know what or if they changed the Django ORM - most likely yes) Use the tools to launch faster, then optimize. Let me tell you something If you're reading "just tables" without, or with simple relations and conditions, it's ok (because, as you pointed out, that's basically SELECT with) The problem is when for example you have inheritance, or moderately complex relations. Then you'll see Django spamming your DB with requests and the DB may be fast but the operation will be slow because of the sheer number of requests. So yeah, in a sense you can optimize for it, or use SqlAlchemy (which is good, but it has a different philosophy than the Django ORM in the way it's used) Actually the issue of pressure is much more complicated Yes, you can increase the pressure. But then your flying tube in a low pressure environment may explode Or it'll suffer a bigger expansion/contraction with every cycle and hence less cycles or metal fatigue and failure at 37000feet (passenger won't ask for a refund as they will be unable to do) So the "cabin altitude" is really a balance between mechanical resistance and people not passing out (though this may be a good idea with some passengers) So what does this means is if someone compromise their GPG key (more or less easy) and get his passphrase (not difficult) they can sign all kinds of commits and make it look like he did it. Great Security is only as good as the weakest link. Also, don't make it look like it's more secure when it may not be Yes One thing I learned from HW manufacturer is that they absolutely don't get SW development Zero, zilch, nada, NULL Hence, this results in wasting (a lot of) time with BS projects, lots of NIH syndrome, design by committee, etc I've heard and seem a lot of stories, I've worked in certain companies and I vowed never to work again there. They waste million of dollars thinking CrapCase and other "irrational" tools are ok. And that's why Cyanogenmod releases upgrades quicker than the manufacturers. Couldn't have said it better myself "it isn't like that however in practice this has all kinds of real effects and these will remain as long as Royalty is not formally abolished." Yeah, because countries following "the modern theory" are doing so much better than countries with a Royalty. In practice, it makes no significant difference, governments can and do have lavish expenses and luxury. So it's not like not having a monarchy is saving them any significant amount of money "another is the fact that people of 'royal blood' are to some extent above the law. And are protected in ways that no commoner would ever be protected." Oh you mean like diplomats or a president? I'm sure the POTUS is the most protected human being on the planet way more than any king or queen "On top of that it is still hereditary rule, you may be Knighted but your children will never accidentally be born King or Queen" Knighthood is not hereditary and even you're "royal blood" tough chance being born King or Queen (if not altogether impossible, but I'm not sure about that) The CC command line tool is a total piece of crap but it has all functionalities So theoretically it could work, but you would waste some time Not to mention people related to CC are usually rude, ignorant, afraid to be made redundant so they rely on blackmail and threats to keep their position (yes, I'm generalizing) No Enough with the nonsense. TDD is great for some tools, in some situations. It's not a "solve all". And now comes "ATDD", people should start working instead on inventing acronyms. vagrant? really, REALLY? Try QEMU. Try chroot News flash, sudo is not a RoR application. Especially sudo with all the magic that goes behind executing a process as another user. Very interesting article And they finish up saying "The used TV market is broken" But actually I would say: "the TV market is broken" One could say the price reductions are due to less demand (computers, internet, etc), or maybe because of improving technology But really something that falls in value so fast has of course a value for the user (watching TV) but not a "market value" Tvs are (more or less) fungible, there's basically no incentive of getting the latest model and if it breaks you just get another one. So it's actually worse than the car market in some ways [citation needed] So much this The "startup ninja hacker" world is in need of a reality check The "tradicional hiring" methods has some glaring defects, but people don't realize it's got a lot of things right as well! I want your resume, yes. You don't need one if your name really rings a bell like Gosling, Stroustroup, Torvalds. Not "built JQuery UI plugins" famous, sorry. Also, it's great if you can link to a previous work, but if you can't it's ok. Projects go offline (happened to me), are sold as part of a product (yes), or are part of a really expensive product (yep). "Sorry but if you're my employer, the onus is upon you to be familiar with international hiring policies." I lost count of how many "recruiters" contacted me offering a job in the US (residents only). But you know, in the same place you got my email there was a disclaimer "need sponsorship to work in the US". So if you ignore this, I'm gonna assume it's a poor job offer (and it usually is) "Can decrypt" is a phrase that gives many interpretations For example, SSH, can you do a MITM? Can you decode a pcap dump? Only for a specific crypt? Same thing with a PGP, if you have resources you can certainly throw several machines at a dictionary attack and can come with a decryption for most cases (after a long time). This is very important For some people, like programmers, they "run on quiet time". This is our effective work, we do meetings, sure, but it's an exception. To work we need a quiet environment (or good headphones - I absolutely don't regret buying my latest pair) For managers, their work is that: meetings, talking to people, etc. So it makes sense that you have meeting rooms, it's what they need for their work. Yes, earplugs are amazing! I've used them once. Especially when you're in "hostile space" (read: customer) they're great and no one will bother you. In-ear headphones work almost as good if you mute the sound. Yes But when Jobs picked Sculley, he was young and inexperienced. He probably had never worked with 'an MBA' so he didn't know what to watch for Also, the relationship with Sculley went downside fast. When things don't match, this is usually what happens. This is more or less "The Blue Ocean strategy" Compete easily with your direct competitors by "changing the game" I guess the most understandable example (if maybe not 100% correct, and not even in the book) is Mac vs PC. If you want to compete in the PC market, it's a fierce competition. In the Mac market, there's only one seller (the Mac market is 'The Blue Ocean' created by Apple). This But maybe the .NET SDK keeps being free. It's a real pity, but well, Visual Studio didn't have a Express version "back then" before the .NET days (think Visual Studio 6) This may very well be another reason not to use Windows I don't understand why so many people like the prisoner's dilemma. Sure, it's a standart problem in game theory, but it's "uninteresting" to say the least For example, it has a limited Nash Equilibrium http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nash_Equilibrium It also is rarely applicable to "real situations" like Economy, populations, etc. Sure, the wikipedia page has various examples, but in real situations it's usually something else, as there are more details Very likely If you know the right people and "give gifts" you'll have no trouble Depends on the situation There is: Stag Hunt http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stag_hunt http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volunteer%27s_dilemma is also interesting http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nash_bargaining_game That is indeed a very likely explanation Remember antibiotics that come as a powder and that have to be mixed at home, and have a very short life after being mixed? While the pill version has a standart shelf life? I assume hence vaccines that have to be kept in fridges now would come as a powder. Well, this is awkward It's apparently relying on the 'dynamic Casmir effect' but what exactly is doing is not clear I assume photons created by accelerating a plate have zero angular momentum (the sum of all them) unless maybe if you have a plate near it then it isn't? (and by 'near' I mean 'Casmir near') True I don't deny the learning importance of the PD. But it would be more interesting if other types of games were explained as well. Otherwise it's just PD and it gets boring. About the Iterated PD yes, it's very interesting! Especially evolving competing strategies in it. Funny Orphans of Flickr now go to Picasa and 500px (the G+ photo album imports from Picasa Web IIRC) G+ are definitely an improvement over Picasa but it still doesn't feel right Yeah, I mean, sqlite3? In a 'virus'? What's next? Shipping the JVM and MariaDB It's not necessarily bad, for example, see how it's used on the linux kernel (+/- like an exception handler) But of course, having a mess is bad and goto makes it really easy Really? No Let me repeat: don't do streaming using RoR (or Django, or PHP) This belongs in the web server. There are several extensions that do exactly that, in NGINX, Apache, etc. Including streaming, seeking, etc Unless you want your server to have a ridiculous cpu usage and maybe only serve 1, 2 concurrent requests, do it in the web server. Disclaimer: I didn't try this with rails, but tried this with Django, so YMMV Yes, the request will take more or less the same time But 'pushing' the data through rails/php/python uses a lot of CPU "will occupy a web process for the same duration" no, because then the server will do the work The real question is the CPU usage, if you measured it and it's acceptable, congrats. (In my Django tests, it was around 40% - for one request streaming video) The issue is that, for static data (like files), NGINX (and Apache) can serve a huge amount of requests without flinching. One way to do it is like this: http://wiki.nginx.org/XSendfile then your RoR app sends the request to NGINX and it will send the file (and this works with the streaming modules so you can pass the start position, etc) That's what I was trying to remember! Yes, sorry about that, I guess I read 'streaming/chuncking' and got carried away After reading the article I have to say it's quite interesting, and rails makes it very easy to do. the F-117 was built based on a Russian paper http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lockheed_F-117_Nighthawk#Backgr... I will only believe this once it's sitting in my desk And, for now, it won't change filesystems much. Unless you can get a similar ammount of it as a disk (or maybe a compromise, let's say today around 8GB ram is common, and 1TB of HD, then if you can get around 128GB NVM this can be your new 'SSD') It is of course, a very important development, and may make things faster Wow, very tempting Too bad it doesn't fit my MBP =) The real problem is testing 'theories merging' There are several areas where relativity and quantum mechanics merged, for example, in the discovery and theory of antimatter But most of the experiments of relativity were on 'big things' like planets, and quantum mechanics on 'small things' And between them, the real mystery: gravity. General relativity knows a lot about what gravity does but not so much about where it comes from Edit: fixed GR for SR Oops, true! I mixed GR and SR "Well, since 100% of "proofs" that the basic assumptions of modern physics are wrong over the last century have, in fact, come from crackpots it's a pretty good working assumption." Oh, please, which ones? Maybe the crackpots that challenged the notion that light is a wave and never behaves as a particle Or maybe the idiot that thought that massive objects can bend light. And yes, Albert Einstein was considered an idiot and a crackpot. After all, he was just a patent office clerk. "Uhh, nope, the physics community is extremely interested in new ideas". BS. No, the majority is not interested in that. They're interested in grants and the status quo They only 'accept' the new ideas when the evidence is overwhelmingly in the favor of the new idea and they'll look like idiots if they don't accept it. You may call it skepticism, but I call it cowardice. And it's very easy to hide behind the skepticism veil, but guess what, it doesn't bring a Nobel home. There is a difference between saying "We don't know" and "this is wrong" Without preponderance of evidence, the former would be more correct, but the latter is more prevalent. It's very easy to reject things that need more research. Then IF it's researched more thoroughly and inconsistent with the theory THEN rejection is in order. But instead, several research lines are rejected because of politics, 'playing it safe', etc Well thank the FSM it's not DB2 Now I'm curious to find "FBI naming policy chapter V: computer networks" Thanks TFA borders on completely useless Really, really? Congrats to her I remember doing "something similar" in MSX Basic about 20 years ago =) Ouch this seems painful The trend of "all OOP" especially in the Java world, and how OOP is done, is BAD. As in "there's something in my eye" bad.This reflects exactly on this: "Reviews preferred local simplicity over global simplicity; abstraction was discouraged" I feel like I'm a million years old, but I think procedural programming does it right. It seems most OOP programmers want an excuse to do 10 levels of inheritance and split the functionality in weird ways. The rest seems likely to derive from google's broken hiring process. What? It's useful for "debugging" alright. Is it really a machine or a person just picked up at the other side? Are we getting a busy signal or something else? Is the ISP really not picking up the phone? Also, I used it once to dial to a really busy number. Automatic dial, busy, retrial, when the call went through I just picked up the phone. I must assume it's quite different Even though some of the sound travels through the facial bone structure (like when you hear your own voice) I guess most sounds come from outside Also, earplugs add pressure to the ear canal so I guess this muffles somethings Yes I remember reading one of the guides created by an American University to their foreign student It goes in such excruciating details to things like dating, etc I suppose this is for the benefit of students from some forgotten city in southeast asia that may think of getting a goat to impress the ladies Still, it sounds awfully patronizing sometimes. Yes, please, write proper C without Valgrind so I have to spend my time fixing all the memory corruption issues in it =) Of course, I just found it funny and as I said patronizing. They gave the guide to me as part of an interculturality course. Really The problem in free software is that 1) engineers don't have the needed mindset 2) resources are limited, of course 3) the developer usually does whatever is in his mind Gnome is "usability" gone wild. Remove the steering wheel and pedals from the car so to make it "simpler". Good luck driving it anywhere (Really, from my experience with Fedora 16, out of the box experience at first it's bad, then it gets worse when you see all the little details gone wrong) And to help matters, they think PulseAudio is a good idea. PA is a broken answer in need of a response, really. And it definitely affects user experience. What, now it's indirect argument over HN? Dear UX specialists with no knowledge of statistics: you can use the MAB algo with 2 choices, no problem. And it is a better way of getting 'the right choice'. Dear statisticians: there's more to life (and to UX) than A/Bing (or MABing) everything Just to be clear on the Software is now 10% of your working life for those who may not have understood You need to make around 15 man hours fit in one of your work day. This is between coding, managing clients, dealing with bureaucracy, etc I have to say as someone that worked as a consultant (for one client, which makes a lot of the bureaucratic/client management work simpler) one of the biggest time savers I has was hiring an accountant (instead of doing by myself) Yes, it's true, you can build a whole computer from NAND gates Or NOR gates like this one: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apollo_Guidance_Computer#Design Apparently you can take an off the shelf resistor and 'tune it' by sanding the exterior, so to increase it slightly. But of course it's better when the tolerance doesn't matter (or only of a few components) You can build your clock using, guess what, NAND gates, one capacitor and one resistor (not a great clock source, still). You also need a power source, so you can say the only digital component you need are NAND gates. Unless you sand enough to go through the enamel and reach the conductive surface THANK YOU "use bcrypt" has become an HN meme, with all the bad implications of it As if scrypt, pbkdf2 didn't exist. Or as if bcrypt has always existed and doesn't have any weakness Like you can't break bcrypt... The weakest link, either in bcrypt or MD5 is the password quality. Of course, in pure MD5 today you're a google search away and modern computers can eat salted MD5 for breakfast But the easiest passwords are going to be broken first I didn't do the math but it sounds right. But suppose tomorrow it takes 10ms. Also, tomorrow, available spaces will increase, so the likelihood of a space vs time tradeoff (even partial) increases WEP was considered "good enough" at first (even though it had obvious problems at first like key size), WAP was considered unbreakable at first, today it's feasible with cloud computing or GPUs. And then we'll be complaining on HN that they didn't use xyzcrypt or something instead of bcrypt. " it seems to me that leaking non-salted SHA1 hashes is virtually the worst case disaster scenario" Yes. Salt is password storage 101! True, but you can't really bet on that Sure, you can increase the work, but you'll still be limited by bcrypt size Otherwise, you could just MD5 hash stuff X times and be done with it Sure, bcrypt today is very safe, but I wouldn't be surprised if attacks are found today (even if they rely only on bruteforce) And let's not forget implementation issues that may happen in specific bcrypt libraries THIS Thanks Even better if it was a quick guide to all quirks PSQL Dear DBAs, PostgreSql may be great and etc, but if I need to spin a DB for testing/proof of concept, you bet I'm going to use MySQL 20 out of 10 times. "Go RTFM" sorry, I lost count of how many times I had to set up MySQL or PSQL and MySQL is much more intuitive and easy to work with. PSQL is sincerely a waste of time and energy for small things. If I need scalability, etc, sure, get a dba and go for PSQL "Stupid DB tricks you should not do:" don't forget no logs in the DB. Or jut put it in a totally separate DB, but hey, an append only file is ok "Don’t use gigantic IN clauses. Django generates them a lot. JOINs are fine, but IN isn’t well-supported in postgres." Oh really?!?! And then they say Django in PSQL is faster?! Maybe to something really simple. (not in my experience, maybe that's why some things are faster in MySQL) And don't forget PgAdmin3 rocks I just wanted the list in an easily downloadable format so I can check offline (easily downloadable == not the rapidshare of russia, something you could wget) But I submitted the hash of my password and it's there so... In other news I have a startup on credit card security Just submit your credit card number, CVV2 and expiration date and it'll check if it has been stolen over the internet for you I'm not sure how Django constructs the query, but it certainly does differently between MySQL and PostgreSql (and Oracle) since this is in the Django driver Bonus points for those who submit, read what it presented then proceeded to test another password! What would be good is to have the 'checking request' return a json (or just a short info) and not a whole html I'm not worried, mine is "Social" Personally I'd say: - Error handling: Django error page is great, unless of course it's a AJAX request. Pylons does this in a much smarter way - Django ORM is awful. Easy to use yes, but awful - Django Auth is a "good intention" but awful implementation - Django templates are sloooooow. Jinja 2 is an order of magnitude faster Amongst other warts Also, the author apparently found the hard way: don't use Django as an api server I may sound critical of Django, but I think it's a "complex framework for simple usages", I mean, if you need low flexibility go for it, you'll do what you want really quickly. I don't disagree with you! You can certainly use Jinja2 templates on Django, for most uses Django templates are ok "You're quick to toss out unsupported assertions: e.g. calling the ORM awful just sounds naive" I can assure my assertions are based by a lot of benchmarking of a Django project that heavily depended on the ORM. And it's not even about the quality of the queries, Postgres was eating them like hot cakes, but the ammount of queries itself was making it slow. Even for things like user_token.delete() (this was an open source project in Django that we were adapting) Oh sure, I don't recommend the first step of optimization to be switching to Jinja2, Django templates are fine for 99% of cases. But in my case, Django templates were being used in a very specific way (which btw was done in the original project, that is, not by me) which was very slow (think 1s per page, and that's without querying the db!) If your models are simple, it's good If you rely on model inheritance, or your models have lots of relationships, Django uses the DB really inneficiently Like, making lots of queries (mostly repeating itself), so a simple thing takes a lot of time. It's a little bit difficult to explain (you can imagine it was more or less difficult to figure this out as well) >> "I would argue that the main problem is so many queries: rather than arguing about ORM dispatch speed it's almost always better to make fewer queries" In Python there aren't many queries! That's the issue! Let me explain better. Django ORM is converting a few lines (and sometimes ONE - like user_token.delete() ) of python to tens of queries. These tens of queries take around 200ms (or more) because each query takes around 3ms/10ms user_token.delete() was taking 300ms (I wish I was kidding) "Similarly, 1s to render a template sounds rather unusual - if that's not just something like not using the cached loader on a slow filesystem it's screaming for logic to move into the view or a template tag." No, not cached loader, not slow filesystem. It's a for with an inner include. I believe, and of course I may be wrong, that SJ did care about money, but as a means of something. I'm sure he would be very bothered if he didn't have money to take Apple to a fair, or to get the needed parts. (of course, if you're starving you care about money) What?! This means next leak will be one million CRC32 password hashes? Or maybe LM hashes. Or crypt on old /etc/password files Kudos to Django because this is very important Like in bcrypt discussion saying you can tune the amount of work. Sure, but what to do with the existing hashes! Of course, the user needs to retype their keys, but it's better than keeping old credentials. (or maybe you save the original credentials with strong PK crypto, together with the hash, then periodically decrypt offline and rehash) This There should be an 'early stages' warning for the 'omg this medicine increases risk of broken nails, and I wasn't warned, now I want one million dollars'. Fact is all drugs have side effects, all drugs have risks. And by the sheer ammount of acetaminophen on the market and its risks I assume it's not science that's in play there, but rather politics and lobbying. For twitter: JVM != Java Also remember that Google uses C++ as well for their infrastructure LinkedIn, yep " I'm not really sure that pointing out that Google has some C++ code really disproves that Java is used heavily at google. " Of course not "Java is still very widely used, more so than more fashionable languages like python and ruby"" Yes, but "widely used" is a tricky term, I'm sure cases both for and against can be found. But to talk about Google, last I heard it's only possible to develop application there in the following languages: JS, Java, C++, Python (there are exceptions of course, for specific libraries or things like ObjC for iOS) 4 there is no such thing as a screen too big (or too many screens) legend says Tony Fadell (iPod creator) threatened to quit when SJ wanted to put a x86 processor on the iPad I believe such an environment can be very important. if you have very good people Also, it's one thing to stand for your idea agressively, other, to just swear at people. Yes Also, the SSD makes you need less memory, since reading from it is so fast So 16Gb will go a long way really. "I'm no expert, but wikipedia says we probably shouldn't be eating that. What am I missing?" I think you answered your own question there. Oh by the way you've already put TiO2 several times in your mouth And that's exactly why I disagree devaluation is good It's the coward solution, and if you're not gonna pay 100% of the owed value, just do that instead of making old money worth more than new money. >> the manufacturer of wifi drivers that only works with binary blobs? All wifi cards nowadays depend on a binary blob. Some of them depend on that being uploaded by the computer. >> i wouldn't count them so happily as linux supporters. Their support is certainly above average and they usually go the extra mile in supporting (except in PowerVR case of course) Other vendors are much worse Gnome 3 is not the answer, and if Gnome 3 is the question the answer is No Just don't bother with it. You're assuming I didn't try it And sorry, I can't find much reasons to praise it There is no such thing as a British constitution ;) There is a bill of rights though Really? I had 2 (short, scheduled) downtimes with Linode. Since 2009 Yes "Unlike many other nations, the UK has no constitutional document. In this sense, it is said not to have a written constitution but an uncodified one" Yes Except some factor may prevent the proper inspection of the seat: - Urgency in using it - Lighting conditions at its environment - Possibility of evaluation impairment usually by consumption of ethanol Considering these factors it would be prudent to have the seat at the safest position when such factors are more likely to occur Yeah, but really, the thing is, the growth curve is bending down Processors have barely became faster in the last couple of years. Even a 5 year computer (with some upgrades) is good for doing what 99% of the people do today (internet) So chances are upgrades today are moot. Unless you're hitting the limits constantly like video editing, compiling software, etc Seconding this One thing about facebook most people don't notice is it is highly customizable Want everything by email? Doable. Want to not use the site and have most of the important things go by email (where "important things" is set by you)? Doable I agree wholeheartedly And exactly, if you don't know how to socialize, fb won't help you with that! (in the same way MS Excel can't really help you if you don't know math) And of course, as in the real world, there's vanity, being ignored by people, etc But I think fb (and twitter) often provide a very good service. Just for a start, fb chat 'killed' MSN messenger Here's my suggestion You create a toy exploitable program, and you start exploiting that But before that, brush up on C and assembly (the basics of assembly at least). x86 is "easier" (more human readable I'd say but lots of quirks if you want to write, but easier than x86 in 16bit) but if you want to study exploits in other platforms they have some quirks. That's "exploits 101" lets's say. That will cover the most basic tools you'll need and trying that is a great exercise See the links other posted for "smashing the stack for fun and profit" After that, you could try old programs and studying known exploits for specific versions (say program X has a certain exploit that works like that, so you could try making an exploit for that) Let me call BS on this one Does anyone remember how to do long division by hand today? I certainly can't But math is much more than your "grocery shopping math" You don't need a calculator for most of math. And I really find it difficult to correlate "how to do long division" in success in areas like statistics, number theory and even calculus, because it's mostly concepts, not "1+1" I agree, and of course can do this 'approximation' by hand (even though I may do it backwards sometimes, like, 365/7 ok, 365 looks like 700/2 so that's a start, or 7x5 = 35 so 7x50 = 350 so there goes) What I meant to say is that math is not only about juggling numbers Or maybe they should just do it backwards Run the generators and have the grid as backup And just stop the generators to validate fallback to grid once in a while Or do it with a non-production load AWS could create some machines at a lower cost and lower availability, just something that if goes down doesn't affect you much, or one-off usages. I'm not sure how migrating machines between nodes happens in S3 or if it's easy to do it (maybe with some downtime) Maybe Or it is there (and maybe everywhere) but we can't hear it One thing that's noticeable when it's really quiet (and having lived in a place where it is silent at night) is that the threshold of hearing changes a lot. Something that's barely audible in normal conditions can "scream" at night Example: the sound of soda fizzing in your mouth. Well, but isn't starting a diesel engine something to be expected in rural Canada? I mean, generators, trucks, etc? Now see, in distances, it appears that lower frequency sound waves travel better. For example, take someone that's hearing music far away from you, the higher frequencies sound distinctively dampened. So I wouldn't be surprised if a diesel engine could be heard a very long distance away in a quiet region "Skeptical thinking" at its best I'm really hoping you are a troll, because otherwise you're in "youtube commenter" category of intelligence "eventually one ofthem will sound like they are whistling a braoadway tune"" Yes, please explain how a school of fish can create a sound with that power and spectrum, because you obviously know so much about mathematical wave properties and the laws of conservation of energy. "NOAA originated, which iirr is the American oceanographer group"" Yes, and NASA works with planes and stuff "- If you listen to hundreds of hydrophones over hundreds of hours, and hear only a handful of unexplained sounds, and promote only half a dozen, it is unlikely what you promote is of scientific interest. It may be interesting but not of interest." The keyword here is "in tandem". Sure, in one hydrophone you'll hear a pebble dropping, in another, a fish drowning, but this is not it. This is a loud sound, heard by an entire array of microphones simultaneously, pinpointed at 5000km away (or around 3100mi). (See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloop ) "I am unclear what is a mathematical wave property, but I am clear that it is reasonable to use fish singing broadway melodies as a stand-in for unusual events underneath the ocean wave" What I meant to say is that NOAA and others have looked at the sound spectrum (and power) and no good explanation has been found, but a "giant whale" (or a choir of fish) is as believable as "aliens".A crowd of people is loud, but an uncoordinated event only goes so far. Other known geological phenomena like ice falling apart have been ruled out more or less. It's not promoted because "it's funny", it's promoted because there are not a good explanation for such events, and it's something scientifically significant (something that can be heard from 3000mi away is really loud) "NOAA- Yes, Oceanographer" sure they are, but the comment doesn't do them justice. They are Oceanographers yes, but it's a little bit condescending given the work they do. Like saying the DOE makes your toaster work. It's probably going to be a small RTOS in each core Or like it's done in PS3, where you have one core scheduling the others "but can I install node.js on each core?" maybe, but that's really not the idea Especially trying to be efficient with the bag of hurt that's x86 Now, x86 instructions are very efficient in some ways, but for raw performance, you're wasting about 30% of your silicon dealing with them A little C tip I learned from hard experience NEVER, EVER, NOT IN A MILLION YEARS use a signed int/char etc, unless you are 200% certain you're doing the right thing (that is, it's for something specific you need it) You WILL have problems, period. "Oh it's just a matter of knowing the C spec" then please go ahead as I grab the popcorn. "(in particular, people doing things like comparing with n-1 in loop boundary conditions" There's your problem: that's like saying cars are more dangerous than motorcycles because your finger can get squeezed by the door. "There's a reason Java, C# etc. default to signed integer" Legacy? And in Java/C#, and you usually use ints, not so much chars, shorts, etc and casts are probably more picky I stand by my point, you should only use signed if you know what you're doing and for a specific use only (like math) ". a negative number, like an array or memory address offset? " A negative number yes, but not really a memory offset (you shouldn't mix negative numbers and memory offset, really ) But yeah, if you're doing "math" go for it, but it's on rare occasions where you need negative numbers (subtraction yes) The most common case I remember may be sound samples, where you have signed chars. For all other cases you would be using floating point or decimal numbers "The right answer is almost never to use unsigned; instead, it's to use a wider signed type."" Depends on the case of course, but yes, you'll rarely hit the limits in an int (in a char, all the time) "It's far too easy to get things wrong when you add unsigned integers" I disagree, it's very easy to get things wrong when dealing with signed Why? For example, (x+1) never true on unsigned ints. Now, think x may be a user provided value. See where this is going? Integer overflow exploit Edit: stupid me, of course x+1 "what unsigned arithmetic is" This is computing 101, really (well, signed arithmetic as well). Then you have people who don't know what signed or unsigned is developing code. Sure, signed is more natural, but the limits are there, and then you end up with people who don't get why the sum of two positive numbers is a negative one. "In fact, bcrypt works without a key at all." Erm... What are they trying to say? Sure, you can have a null password, and then have a salt and hash that with bcrypt, but your password is still nothing. Absolutely But for most of "math" you would go for floating point. You won't reinvent some fixed point math using integers just because... NO CARRIER They don't need to fire anyone They just make some people use svn, and they go and quit by themselves Sure, MS took 14 years to deprecate this Which it absolutely doesn't mean you should wait 14 years to stop writing for Win16! And I think that's what the rant is implying Yes GL 1.x is good for GLXGears and not that much more (Yes, even though some games used it, etc, still...) As I said, if I'm not convincing please go ahead and used signed numbers as I get the popcorn ;) Here's something you can try: resize a picture (a pure bitmap), with antialiasing, in a very slow machine (think 300MHz VIA x86). Difficulty: without libraries. It's not nonsense Of course, you can block/scatter visible light that way, but it's awfully difficult (since the holes would be tiny) Natural Language processing n-gram studies Or just some kind of webservice where people can look this up "self sustain" is a complicated concept It can mean "ramen profitable" or something slightly better (like it can pay the rent and the founders a small salary) Either way, not good. You don't need a home run, but you need something that can "fly for itself"" Getting there is tough, most startups are like making a rock fly There are two ways (and of course, the paths in between) you can run your startup 1 - You can go for the most popular languages: VB.NET, PHP, etc. Very easy to find people, lots of plugins, lots of support. This may be the way to go if you want something simple done in a small budget 2 - You can go for the niche languages: Haskell, Clojure, Go. that's more or less the "hipster hacker" way of doing things. Very difficult to find someone that can do even a Hello World, but once you find, they can write a scalable website in about 3 lines and connect to the newest nosql db in 2 lines more. This is good if you're the next twitter, fb, etc and your servers begin to melt even if serving login (but then again, fb is in PHP and they added 'magic' in HipHop and infrastructure) Which energy companies and for what? The major problem with the 'smaller languages' is that sometimes, even if you want to, and can use it effectively, it's difficult to interface with other systems. For example, services using SOAP. Drivers to DBs and other systems. Sometimes it's easier to have your core login in Haskell for example, then make it interface with something else in Java/C#/etc which will have plugins for everything. Yes The issues were: (from the gravepine) Old Symbian team kept beating the Symbian drum and heading towards the cliff At the same time, Linux team developing Maemo, viewed by the rest of the company as "the linux kids and their toys" Linux team trying to assemble a jigsaw puzzle of several Linux services (and since most of them are not focused on mobile, and some are just crap but it's the only solution) it takes a lot of time Not to mention "ok, let's merge with Intel and rewrite a crapload of stuff" then "ok, let's buy Qt and rewrite a boatload of stuff with Qt" (not sure how those are ordered, still) Meanwhile Android just built the bare minimum, discarding lots of Linux infrastructure and came ahead So when Stephen Elop got there, sorry, boat had already sank And of course, I guess most of the ones that went to OSM after google started charging aren't gonna say "oh well now it's cheap let's go back"" Google seem to have a special talent in alienating their customers Exactly, it's not evolving lighter skin It's evolving keeping the light skin by neoteny well, when on linux I use: mplayer mplayer /path/to/folder/* can't beat that for simplicity This For 802.11g you're justified in using an ethernet cable (compared to 100M) For 802.11n it's a different game, really And really, 100M Ethernet is already faster than most (spinning) HDs. Unless you're constantly transfering huge ammounts of data through the network, WiFi is ok for you ". It's just the human brain associating high-pitch sounds with fun, children speaking,, bell ringing and other "nice" sounds" Not really, children wailing, nails on a blackboard and other high sounds are very bothersome Yes, some high sounds are friendly, but not all Yes, what beats bullies are usually bigger bullies It's a complicated gamble this is probably like integrating a car crash into your daily commute but you can probably integrate into Jenkins for continuous jury-rigging please explain how would you go about detecting linux/windows/mac without agent string (with the exception of detecting Safari/Konqueror/IE) Screen size? Fonts? I once did something similar We would track the hours, but there were some requirements in the reporting that prevented us from handing our report And in the end it was the total amount of hours that mattered So instead of manually writing it down (yes, it was an html page template that we printed and filled manually) Here comes python to save the day! Input the total amount of hours, it will fill the HTML with the hours at a standart schedule and skipping over weekends and holidays Everybody quickly switched to that solution! Yes, in some ways make sense, if you add all of the code Also, embedded software doesn't / can't make use of existing libraries because of code size (but this is changing) And of course you can't really compare PHP+JS+what else in Facebook with C+Java+Assembly of car embedded systems But yeah, hardware companies don't know how to make software Agree but kinda Disagree C++ is built on C. You need to know C (but maybe not the C library) to know C++. Like pointers From what I heard of people running AdWords (that is, the people who pay for the ads to be displayed) customer service exists but is abysmal And this is not a one-off operation, it is an ad agency buying ad space on behalf of several customers RedHat OpenShift? Or they're just like Heroku and sit on top of AWS? How to type ./configure, make, etc, sure But it never works the first time, and then you have to figure out how to install this libsdl that's missing And no, packaging name is a crapfest , between Debian based and RPM based, they all bring me to tears Go on, try to install libsdl in Fedora. Oh, you see, there it is called SDL. And then you install it and it doesn't work, because you need the dev version. Or devel. Or maybe it's consolidated in a package with a different name. Or maybe it's split in 2 packages and that thing you need is in some god-forsaken package like libfoo-extras-nooneneedsthis-promise No, It's not a flawed one For a nanny, sure, but apparently you missed Accounting 101 Expenses are deducted from income for tax purposes (talking about a corporation) So this means, for a company, that if let's say, earn (example values) $1000 and pays an employee $400, their taxes are calculated on the $600, not on the $1000 Hence, no double taxation, the taxes on that money are payed 'down the chain' Ouch! My Debian GNU/Linux 6.0 is still standing Oh well, reading the issue, the machine date is Sat Jun 30 16:11:31 EDT 2012 Stopped ntpd just in case With ntp stopped, no problem whatsoever 10 years ago Paulo Coelho was already very popular! Well, I haven't read the book so I can't comment on the rest Charge? Color charge? Since this is apparently "only seen" through the Monte Carlo analysis I suppose they haven't seen one specific particle decay with it, I suppose?! GoogleApps yes But don't waste your time with Zimbra, really >> Russia is so corrupt, only a full scale revolution will have a chance at fixing the country Thank communism, because corruption was the only way for business to do any kind of transaction Well, maybe what would be easier is to waste massive amounts of brain power in building computers that can solve the most complicated issues in theoretical physics But of course, for theoretical physics to advance, experimental physics has to advance as well... If you don't get cavities, by not brushing your teeth you will have perfect teeth, on the floor, because your gums went bye bye Of course, depends on your diet, but for anything resembling modern diet... Oral health is not about only teeth, you know The thing is, C++ is hard Developing interfaces in html/js even factoring the added IE crap is a breeze compared to C++ development. Even with Qt sanding a lot of rough patches Not that C++ per se is too complicated, rather, building an interface in C++ and doing "a desktop application" with it is a complex task, something that the web model was made to do Now, for something like a headless application, C++ is fine (and of course it's harder than Python, but not a lot with STL, etc) It is a problem if the site presents different content (that is, for example, the light box announcing the tax) This may throw the search engines away, because you're "de-SEOing" your content This A lot of people think following all best practices and offering a unit test sacrifice to Uncle Bob will lead to success Shipping will put food on the table. Of course, if your system can't stand 5 simultaneous users it won't, still it's difficult to get that bad. (but yeah, some people manage to get to that level) And some "online services" have very bad code , and still they sell millions. Get rich first, then you can improve your code. Version 2.0 Or you start adding unit tests, which may be harder than rewriting Doing a version 2.0 is easier (but maybe harder) than it looks Well, you can use the CD with the aluminium as a reflection grating Yes, today people demand a safety and health warning in a plastic knife Maybe that's why SciAm's Amateur Scientist was so high level. You have to be "up there" to begin to understand what to do. (Yes you need a vacuum pump, a CO2 tank and the ability to melt glass for that nifty green laser of yours) The main problem with "password vaults" is (and this is a showstopper for me) You have to download it before using ANYTHING And if the machine is compromised, they will have your passwords either way Oh come on Yes, a calorie is a calorie (as long as dietary: macro/micro nutrients needs are supplied), still there may be advantages to the diet, as it is pointed in the article "They report that people on the Atkins diet were burning off more calories. Ergo, the diet is a good thing." (it's not necessarily all good especially if you think low-carb diet==eating bacon at will, still) Also, there may be other advantages, like hunger sensation in different diets. Dieting is calorie balancing but there are several other aspects that should be considering and dismissing 'low-carb' diets because you're only focusing on the calorie balancing is naive. ""when carbohydrate levels are low in a diet and fat content is high, people lose water" This is not a bad thing, but it is a thing that has to be compensated. And there is loss of water in all weight loss diets. "the measurements were mistaken and there is not advantage from a low-carbs diet" There is not an advantage from the calorie balancing point but there are several other aspects that are important in diets One thing is calorie burning (metabolism) and the other is weight loss (weight measurement), I don't think he would mix up the two naively Yes But you won't lose weight (meaning fat or muscle) unless there is a caloric deficit. Period What happens is that high-protein diet changes the fullness sensation/hunger, so that's why it shows results and is easier to keep. Of course: less grains == less fiber meaning "you may have a hard time" "what he says is that there are no advantages from a weight loss point" A diet is much more than counting calories. It's about managing to maintain a set amount of food for your objective. Here's an experiment you can do. Replace all your food (lunch/dinner) with chicken fillets (for the daily need of protein), top up calories with sweet potatoes and olive oil for fat needs. See how long you can keep up with this diet. This is a nutritionally sound diet (except for micronutrients), and if you calculate your daily needs you will maintain your weight (or you can adjust for weight loss or gain) But a regular person will probably lose weight because (s)he will get sick of it fast and eat less! The calories matter, but two things can have an equal number of calories and one may make people feel hungry after 1h and the other may make people feel full for the whole day. Guess who's more likely to lose weight?! The stock swap thing seems to be common in M&A It's done on the buyer's side, the seller company's partners get buyer's stock instead. It's not "your baby for theirs", it's more complicated Well, because you agreed to the sale, so "your baby" is already gone, stock swap or not. And you're potentially getting a stock with more potential than the ones you have (which are most likely going away). And most stock are not materialized as a physical certificate, so it's mostly "on paper" (and on controlling power of course) I assume HN reaction to the headline is "Julliwhat?!" But maybe they go here first: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juilliard_School Edit: wrong info about an Alumnus, but there are plenty of famous artists from there Evolution means adaptability Sometimes it goes towards being good at fights, sometimes it goes towards being good at fleeing them. In this case, 'Technologically Super-advanced and Pacific Alien Species X left to their own devices' I wouldn't see this with so much tint and roses I can bet that the first persons calling for this system "filtration" to be used, or maybe boiling water before drinking, would be called sorcerers, stupid, would be ridiculed, etc But still, the solution found was good and it's a "reality check" for those "TED speakers" that created a new filter that "only costs $200" Funny I (usually) don't have a problem with Make, I think it's a good tool for what it does (basically, a DAG solver) For all means use make with hand-made files. Now, autotools/automake are a different (bad) story The alternatives posted here are very interesting Very insightful Linear Programming is one of those things that's usually underrated (and sometimes overrated) But I would probably not use Haskell and just create the problem as a text file in whatever format GLPK accepts - probably a derivative of 'the standart format' (which is bad for very complex problems, still) Yes Here's the docs for the language glpk uses http://www.cs.unb.ca/~bremner/docs/glpk/gmpl.pdf Yeah, with 15 (effective) variables it's better to write in some higher level way. And there's always the canonical way, but that's awful to write by hand, like k00.v00 + K01.v01 + K02.v02 + k03.v03 (my opinion) Yes I'm afraid flickr is still better than Picasa/G+ photos (even though G+ photos are very good and a definite improvement over Picasa) I believe flickr can still "be revived" Yes I expected "something nicer" maybe not using the word "stealing" Still, my paranoid side thought of something: "Oh, they're giving away this code so we give them our contact info, then they know who pirated the software" Screen is to tmux as a Ford Taurus is to a BMW Screen is nice, sure, but tmux has a couple of tricks up its sleeve. And if your net connection is a little shaky, tmux can save your sanity (whereas screen just hangs there) The best way to see the difference is to try it, it's basically "the same" out of the box, with the exception of Ctrl-B instead of Ctrl-A (this makes sense if you use Ctrl-A as 'Home') Also: http://tmux.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/tmux/trunk/FAQ I'd prefer to use RH company's oomph, instead of Oracle Using Oracle is a liability as the Google trial showed us. Coconut oil contains healthy fats, as well as MCTs (medium chain triglycerides) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Medium-chain_triglycerides Oh and testosterone is synthesized from cholesterol so low intake of cholesterol may affect testosterone levels (and testosterone -> fat loss) Please refrain from playing "know-it-all" every time someone writes an anecdote Also what is mentioned has been observed multiple times in several countries. "Anecdote is not data waa waa waa" or in your example, " No. They don’t die. Mick Jagger. Keith Richard" it certainly does not condone drug usage, but it certainly shows there are exception to "drugs are bad and you will die early" (especially given the amount consumed) But please let us know if eggs are good or bad for people this week. That I agree. I have no idea what "swine country" is for a start But "lived until 99" was not useless until very recently (in history terms) you seem to have forgotten the words "fsking amazing" between apology and hoax See: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiWlvBro9eI This It may be an interesting research, but it certainly won't help with that issue (with noting passwords down maybe) And one thing may happen, you can have no clue of what your password is, or write it down, but you may need to look at the sequence to remember it! (Piano players may identify there) Can we say "congrats MS"!? A mix of desperation, and having no idea of what you're doing. Hats off for Steve Ballmer Goog payed 2B for DoubleClick right? Funny thing is that "everybody knew" who DoubleClick was, but I'd say it was hard to find someone to have hear about aQ before the acQuisition. Too bad Ray Ozzie couldn't see an elephant if it was painted purple and dancing in front of him Talk about the biggest corporate fumbler in history. Of course, he was the "Lotus Notes" man "It's that, all too often, he was fighting them tooth and nail, and other ... figures at Apple managed to push them through despite." Pushing ideas hard is part of the job And he may have fought tooth and nail, but in the end he made the right call. Because in the end that happens all the time, but the crap idea wins. Zero-point energy, the origins of the Casmir force "may" (and this is a big may) be one day used as a source of energy (Definition of 'may' in this case. As likely as finding and communicating with Alien lifeforms) But the Casmir force itself is unlikely (for "ZPF" levels of unlikely) Well Unit tests are great in js/python/ruby because of the nature of the language In C/C++ for example it's much more involved. In java it's bearable because of Eclipse/Netbeans facilitating lots of things. But take for example the Linux kernel development: - There are two widely used "IDEs": VIM and Emacs, pick one - Patches sent over email (yeah, please try doing a pull request to see what happens) - No unit tests - limited use of debuging tools, mostly printk And still is one of the most solid and used softwares out there Tools and techniques (unit tests, CI, etc) are good if you want to have several developers "with their hands on the code at the same time" and you have limited trust on them Interesting They could skip the ftp part, because git saves bandwidth Still, this is a good way to do the work Yeah, but the market is tiny A better email client can only go so far: - Gmail is already a great email client, I just plug other accounts into it - I really want a good email client. For Linux - Outlook/Thunderbird/Evolution may be bad, but they're usually good enough the IRS is the modern version of the Corsair And of course, it's always a balance, which ends up with Saverin giving up citizenship because of their fury and at the same time big companies Doubling/Tripling Irish everything and being in the clear with them. (not saying what they did was wrong though) One of the most "mind boggling" areas of math is number theory Math dealing with real/complex numbers has been vastly explored, and there are very powerful tools, and computers are very good at these kind of problems (Calculus, etc) With number theory, progress is much harder, things work in a completely different logic (think for example that 5+3 can be 0 for example) One of the places where these mysterious sides of math comes together is this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riemann_zeta_function Yes, it is http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modular_arithmetic But you don't need to write "mod 8" in a congruence class Oh, you want "the mystery of number theory" you can start with http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fermat%27s_little_theorem Modulo operations is part of "number theory 101" And ok, addition is nice and fun. Then you go to multiplication Then you end up with Galois Fields. Never underestimate the amount of discussion that goes into things like 1+1=2 "An experienced developer should be mature enough to know that he and his kind should not be the target audience of his product. And putting in all those little checkboxes makes a product a horrible experience for the rest of the world." Too bad Gnome developers are so far removed from UX and the desires of the "common user" it isn't funny They took "removing stuff" as their mission and follow it blindly. Or for a car analogy: Gnome removes the clutch but it doesn't give a torque converter and automatic transmission. What? No need, the password is likely 123456 Or just reset the machines, since they think Amazon works like other vps providers... Remember how other competitors to Twitter (Pownce, Jaiku, etc) some didn't have the character limit, allowed the user to post photos, etc See where they are now? There you have it It may be easier for G+ to be used, and this is important, but Twitter has a more faithful following, and more specific uses Based on the description on the Article this is anything but depression May be bipolar disorder, or something more serious But it's true, it's a misunderstanding, this has nothing to do with "staying in the computer too long" or "being stressed out" or "not going to the park" Having to wait 1s between attempts (per user) could be enough to prevent brute force attacks Of course, if one ip is making too many requests, it gets blocked or captchaed Size + required landing precision It certainly looks like overly complex. The simplest system, that is, airbags, are unusable because of the size (it's almost like the difference between a big toy car and a regular car) You probably can't brake it only with retrorockets, and as this mission is aiming to be the most precise landing on Mars ever (and I'm not even sorry for the pun) they need a way to get the lander to an exact location (by deploying it from the crane) If they are going to install low level software on my computer they better be very sure it's properly coded. Instead, they ask for their interns to build the "solution" that makes my computer part of the Borg. I really don't feel compassion in this case towards the company (towards the users is a different story, no doubt) I really wished there was a bigger followup to this story, including if PCI allowed them to continue with this clueless "security audit" Caveats: I've used Redis once over an ssh tunnel (over a domestic internet connection that's everything but fast, it's a long story...). It is slow (as in agonizingly slow), even for a couple of queries, probably not redis fault, still. One thing you really want to do in this case (described in the article) is to carefully select the encryption protocol for one that uses the least CPU or has the best data rate. See: http://blog.famzah.net/2010/06/11/openssh-ciphers-performanc... Cooper Sulphate certainly looks good My parents always advised me not to drink this stuff Also, it probably tastes very bad "No need to send us your CV, we already have it" It's certainly a choice Less variance or more variance. But I think it really doesn't pay off (unless it's for high level jobs, think NASA, DOE, etc) Never underestimate the power of easy lending to the population. Especially if this lending will allegedly give more status/money to the person Housing bubble, Education bubble, Healthcare bubble What? Can't you just make the wire run to the back? (like in the 13In I'm currently using) Or am I missing something? (Oh, ok, It's the "cover clamshell" that's the issue) It's so funny how I agree with you and the parent. Recklessness changing the world: Charles Lindberg But of course he didn't sell tickets to his first voyage And sure, branding something it's barely valued more than the paper it's printed on is fraud. This Also, most of the people who say "oh, go fix yourself", did you try even to build chrome from source? A friend of mine tried, and it's a huge pain! File size, compile times, libraries, etc, etc Unfortunately, having the build environment sometimes is more difficult than changing the code. Maybe the legendary Xv they used on Sojourney? (by the photo looks like something like it, stil...) Until you really need to check your email for something urgent and of course then the code will take some time to be received by your phone, your phone will be out of battery, etc This This would be much more effective than the "Verified by Visa" theatre. "Virtual credit cards" with a limit and maybe even vendor limited (for example, create a virtual card and add some sort of vendor id for Amazon) Too bad it can't be used for anything, for example, some airlines require you present your CC when traveling (if it's your cc and you're traveling) For a compromise, you can add the correct answer but with a quirk. (that is easier, unless you forget the quirk) like, put the first name in "Mother's maiden name", or the middle name, or swap their position And you are right to treat it as a passsword Apparently this should be easy to fix Your CC can only be used for validation if you made a purchase with it. hosted using CVS maybe? Question How does SB gets smaller fees through Square than negotiating directly with card providers? How do card providers allow Square to sell their services cheaper than themselves? And Square, you sure have a nice business, but the magnetic stripe is very insecure. Call me old fashioned, but I would really like some "old new distro" Put modern packages, but not "new" packages . No pulseaudio, packagekit, networkmanager. You don't need to worry about automounting usb for example Get me the latest version of KDE 3 That would be very fast in any modern machine Yes, wpa_supplicant is a nightmare, this is one thing FreeBSD got right I didn't need PA with any of the new sound cards, and the BT dongles don't "support" PA (some are certainly ALSA, but others may "get in" in another way), but what happens is that it makes it easier to use it with it That being said, I don't care to use new hardware, unless it's something essencial like a video card, chipsets, etc Well, I'm using a BSD system right now (that 'feline' one). Too bad it's got something messed up, hopefully it will get better with the latest version. cpu speed, disk space and things that break It is based on FreeBSD Nothing is more brittle than Pulseaudio in a modern linux distribution. Maybe the flash plugin, but still it uses less cpu than pulseaudio usually Nowadays I only have to restart PA once a week. This is simply ridiculous. ALSA software mixing never gave me a problem. This You get a credible consumer OS by SHIPPING. Nokia lacked focus. Just note the Maemo/Meego rewrite. This is like MS saying they're merging Windows with ReactOS and delaying Windows 7 for 3 years How are you supposed to maneuver a 2 ton (or any rover for that matter) rover without cameras? And I guess today they are cheap and easy enough (I mean, cheap as space exploration goes) Yes, apparently it's using celery to "round up" the values if it's "not there" yet and it needs some more calories. Let's reformulate the question: Why not keep the same enclosure, the same lens assembly, the same mechanical parts and simply swap the 2MP sensor for a 20MP sensor? sigh I expected more from the people of HN than be stuck in some stupid megapixels race like they're comparing cameras at Best Buy There, I said it The first Canon Digital EOS Cameras had a 3Mp sensor. I can bet they wipe the floor with most of today's compact cameras In a camera, the sensor is much less important than optics. In a 20Mb sensor, the noise in a high radiation environment would probably be much worse as well Not necessarily, and this is important If they are of the same size, the pixel size - area - will be 10 times smaller for 10x more pixels (or a dimension - length x width - reduction of ~3.1x) Now, noise is bigger if the pixels are smaller. This is one of the ways to radiation harden components: make their features larger. I'm sure a small sensor like those in a compact camera would be subject to a lot of noise. Bigger sensors like 3/4 or full-frame are usually better (but they're probably using something else) So yeah, maybe a 20Mp sensor with the apropriate feature size would be huge Once you build an "over the air" upgrade capability and a fail-safe mode (unlike my Android phone, thanks for nothing G & S) you can do it But the software, as far as I know, is very modular, so this could be only an upgrade of some modules Edit: by RTFA this looks more like a replacement rather than an update, like, making usage of all the landing software space since this is not needed anymore. That was the idea behind the NASA's "Faster better cheaper" experiment. But it didn't work out much The problem is that you need a lot more confidence than making something and hoping it works. Of course NASA would save a lot of money (and face) if they went 100% metric, still... Yes, it is hard gaining weight only on protein Because protein gives a very strong fullness sensation So you end up eating less calories overall than with a mixed protein/carb (and fats) meal And a calorie is a calorie with a big if: if your macro nutrients are in range This Writing Java is unbearable without Eclipse/Netbeans. .NET a little bit less unbearable If your IDE "works harder" than your compiler, something seems wrong to me (of course we all expect things like syntax highlighting today) Java also invented extreme overengineering of libraries, making it a need to have syntax completion for even trivial tasks Probably doing socket programming in C is easier than in Java (to be fair, it wasn't Java really, it was "OO evangelists" most likely, starting with C++ then going crazy with Java. Too bad they didn't even touch smalltalk True But not all fads survive. It's evolution! Example: light pens Very interesting perspective (Disclaimer: I dropped out, with a little help from my advisor) I guess it all depends on a lot of things. If you enjoy what you are doing, and have a nice environment, go for it. But dropping out was something I'm very glad I did. And I learned a lot outside of Academia. (and the money is good as well) I would just fire everyone that ever got close to that thing just in case Ok, management told them to drive off a cliff, then they went and did exactly that. Not a feature that I didn't like, but something that's obviously a train wreck. I've ended in situations like that, but then boss saw it was unsustainable and a major overhaul was needed. But if the company only goes for actively making the user experience crap for nothing I would consider moving Round shapes weren't uncommon until someone used it for displacing things, hence inventing the wheel. Syncing data over a network wasn't unheard of as well, but then someone came with dropbox. Nothing today is "really new", but the novelty is in the way this is put together and used. San Francisco? This reminds me of one thing There was this small Casio musical keyboard at home, bought in the 80s (made in Japan I think) It came with a scanning pen, you could scan a song (from a book) made up of several barcodes (just like the links posted here) and it would play the song. Well, wasn't MD5 broken? It should be possible to do a brute force search using a couple of days of EC2 or (insert your favorite cloud provider) here. And by bruteforce you can try text search, or just go for the raw bytes. Not sure a collision can work in this case as well. I'd try to bruteforce X (to match the hash), not RC4 at first (though it may be easier) PBKDF2 is SHA-1 and 4096 rounds, this shouldn't be impossible Bonus points if you use FPGAs to calculate MD5s There is one aspect there that may or may not be important I don't know if the "Program files" path (or the full path) is added to the hash calculation, but at least in Windows XP this is localized Or who knows, the secret is that it only works in systems where Program files is in D:/ "Quora and Facebook are tools against freedom, not for it. If you have no safety in your sharing of information, you have no freedom" Well, but no one is forced to share everything. Sure there have been sneaky behaviors, unethical actions, etc But most of the time your privacy is in your hands. A new "app" to read articles? No thanks. Yes too bad there's a 'fence' missing between each page Or you'll just reread every page until everything makes sense since you can read things very fast for marketing purposes Not to mention a debugger to try to understand the "outside world", libraries, hardware, most of it with bugs that may affect you. So much this I figure out they have 2 designers there, one really good and one that doesn't have the slightest idea of UX and design Case in point: the way DMs are notified to the user. That's right, in the previous web version it wasn't . And this version is better, but not great It's configurable Like busybox on Lua? Sounds interesting I had two experiences at Apple Stores, both have been fairly good In one of them I managed to get good service even when the store was crowded (like Florida Mall crowded between xmas and new year). You use the iPad in the tables to join a queue, it may take some time, still it works. But in the end, only Hollande and Sarkozy had a chance to win The runoff system sometimes provides different results in the second round, true. (And you know that it only applies if none of the candidates has more than 50% of valid votes, right?) But what's the effective range of the system? It probably is easier and more effective than positioning a measuring system, acquiring samples (see all the problems Mars Phoenix had), etc You can get a pre-payed card for that. Maybe more teachers could use CafePress and self-publish There was also a fence, older technology but apparently it was a bigger hurdle than the million dollar system It is ok to ask questions and wonder why they did it this way and not another way. It is not ok to just go "they should have done it this way" without consideration for the millions of factors and limited resources they have Especially from some people that have no idea how hard it is, how hardware can fail in hundreds of ways, how things are harder in a slower processor, in low level programming, in real time app "Oh but they should have used Erlang/OCaml/LISP/JavaRT/NodeJS for that they are soooo stupid" SHUT UP They did it, not you, and they have to live with the consequences, not you. I dont get that as well, really, SOCKS is old news and I've used this several times. Maybe they don't want the hassle of configuring the browser (or other sw) In Linux selecting text and middle-click has saved me countless times I just want to say something: NOBODY CARES ABOUT QR CODES Yeah, I can go to tripl.com or whatever, also add your twitter/fb/G+ page otherwise you'll just look like some bozo stuck in Web 1.0 (contact by phone?!) Yes I do have a smartphone No I will not install an app to install another app Also, a QR code is opaque . What it will do? Open a page? Install what app? Compromise my cell phone with premium dialing sw? Dear Typesafe We are glad you got funded and wish you all the best Signed: Oracle's legal department I though it was tubes vs. bipolar junction transistors And mosfets behave much more like a tube than them. Oh well... I suppose if you use really crappy media and an even worse CD recorder you will have significant signal degradation because of all the bits missing so error correction is kicking in But it's really a stretch Thanks so much for your last phrase. Wow $50,000?! This is an advice: I think with this kind of money they can fly somewhere else and do the operation and pay all costs associated with money to spare. I think they can even try that in Canada Funny Apple bought the "coverflow" look from a small company http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coverflow The astonishment of the Xerox guys has a lot to do with the utter incompetence of their management. But yes, Apple had a deal with Xerox Agreed, and another thing Make patents unsellable. "but then they hadn't to consider how a new HCI impacts the brand, since they had no old mobile HCI that mattered." And that's the BS that Apple ignores and that it makes them go forward. They should consider how shipping crappy products impacts their brand (are you listening Motorola) There is a reason I don't even look at the prices for Motorola products anymore. "Funnily, Android/Google was in a similar position as Apple, ... and they seemed to prefer the old style for now." That's what happens when you only have engineers making decisions. It ended up being fairly accurate (and in one of the lower percentiles) This is such an odd advertisement In one aspect it's self deprecating, crappy, and short. I mean "it's ugly" But by another aspect, it reminds much of a "Think different" ad especially in contrast with the other "wall of text" ads of that time And that's why I never sign up for a gym for more than 6 months (but usually 3 or 1 month since I'm on the move) (Also, I do go to the gym) This is very good value (well, it's probably because most people will go 1 month and then quit) Well, they will sell your debt for, I dunno, 20%? Maybe more, maybe less The buyer will make more angry letters, maybe signed by an attorney, try to negotiate, etc and then maybe go to court Looks like the Mythbusters will be invited for this next product launch and they will bring a lot of explosives with them. NO If you depend on the client for your security => Game Over (of course, SSL is kind of dependent on the client, but it's their security not yours in risk) Should have tried the Lynx user agent Oh my This is 100% to blame on Samsung, sorry. Even though my Samsung phone is seen as a USB device (and it works on MAC OS X), but maybe in the newer models they removed this functionality (and called it a feature) People may complain that iPhones need iTunes but then again it's iTunes not the gigantic pile of crap that is Kies Nice explanation, if it's to facilitate upgrades I'm all for it! Except when they are calculating dependencies But I agree with the yum sentiment, it really looks bad when compared to other solutions that existed: urpmi, apt-rpm, etc So much this 100 lines of python can be turned into a hundred men-hours / 6-digit budget project in Java Of course it does. Why is this surprising? Try building a (safe) web app in C and see how long it takes. Your second paragraph is what I meant But I've never seen a "software consultancy company" do a project except in Java Ruby and Python can be beautiful yes, but in the hands of average Java programmers it just becomes a horrid mess I think there's a bit of truth in both And you can't use go outside of the "PC" (that is, embedded systems). PPC, MIPS, SH? But the issue is twofold, you need a specialized GC for systems with memory limitations (and/or some realtime requirements) The average employee there certainly takes less home per year and also pays a hefty income tax. Close, but no cigar Take home pay should be competitive with other companies and guarantee a certain standard of living So salaries are higher for a competitive take home pay. But the lower corporate tax ends up making things even. I was only saying the value mentioned by the parent was off, that's all. Well, if they could buy the street they would probably rename it Google Drive I wholeheartedly agree The "skeptics" seem to have one objective: offend anyone who has any form of religion. Or take the Lance Armstrong case, some "skeptics" were saying if you believe he doped you are "anti-science" because his exams never came back positive. What a bunch of idiots. Modern tests detected evidence of blood manipulation. So in a sense "skeptics" are just like the religious anti-scientific crowd, but saying "blah blah science" instead of "blah blah religion". But guess what, they don't know enough about science to say that. Yes, it's impossible to get rid of "false positives" But my perception of Google interviews is that it's very picky about some areas but leaves huge gaps. Let me guess, the false positives are the ones that know big-o for all sorting algos but can't implement them. Or create a "Car" class inheriting from Wheel, Engine and Door After the last time I was interviewed (unsuccessfully - in 2007) by G I feel I have been blacklisted by them Apparently there's a period before you can apply again (can't remember how long this is, 1 year maybe) but then again feeling like every contact you make goes to /dev/null is not nice. Thankfully I know better today about what's it like to work at Google and probably won't be applying again (not that I find it bad, but it is not what I want). Thanks for your answer. The last example was really an exaggeration. "Most false positives i've seen are culture fit or motivation issues, not technical capability ones." Interesting. Well, "everybody wants" to work at Google, but usually the way companies work is opaque to the outside (but then again, it's supposed to be like that usually) Even though the interview is certainly intended to remove people that may not be a great fit (because of the time it takes, for a start) maybe something could be done in that respect I've seen it all and some technical people really aren't a fit to certain cultures. Not to mention some work environments are the opposite of Google and bringing people from those environments may be a challenge. Really? I think you're getting things confused "If you're looking for a fast symbolic math library" you are doing it wrong In none of the symbolic math Sw I used speed was an issue. But rather, capabilities. (Maple, Mathcad). Of course speed is good when evaluating a numeric problem If you're talking about numeric math, which is what Theano does, then you're right about it. Yes, most do both. Some are more geared towards Symbolic Math (like Maple), some others are focused on numeric computations and even if they do symbolic math are severely limited. You're right, Theano does symbolic differentiations, but this looks like it's in support of its main purpose (multi-dimensional problems) TL;DR: If you want to calculate a triple integral symbolically go for Maple (or maybe SymPy), if you want to calculate its value go for NumPy or Theano Well, the obvious answer is that heat resistance for that processor area to oil is insufficient to remove all the heat Hence you still need a heatsink (smaller though and no need for a fan) No, mineral oil as they're using it, with required specs, is an even better insulator than air Exactly Spinlocks in linux are the "last resource locks", usually in kernel code only in situations where you can't have the scheduler kicking in but can have a race condition (in SMP systems usually) So it's basically interrupt handlers. Oh really, Samsung is going to compete with them? So let's speculate 1 - They delayed this because of manufacturing problems and want to save face 2- They really are that stupid and gave a competitor a 1 year head start (or they made a Gentleman's Agreement - but it wouldn't prevent even another competitor getting in) In short, this is extremely risky. you know what you're signing up for This should be EXPLICIT from the beginning "It's targeted toward students that are tech-savvy" Newsflash Samsung, Bloggers != 'tech-savvy students'. It may overlap, but don't count on it Yes, I agree, but they're going the same path as Gnome, the "we know better" "one that rivals OSX" what a joke. Windows XP is a better rival to OSX than Unity. Really, really GWT is not the answer, Dart is not the answer, not writing JS is not the answer (maybe CoffeeScript but I'm skeptical) JS may have its warts, but in the end that's what browsers understand. That's what you'll have to know to debug things. And the browser doesn't have to execute 2x, 3x the code, and use more memory as well If you want something to help my perception is that it should be a thin shin (like CS) rather than "full bells and whistles" on top like GWT or Dart Been there, done that, and this list is pretty accurate. YMMV however. Very interesting. The author at first seemed not that familiar with C, but in the end he got a good result Depends also if there's pre validation (even with C you're never sure, so for example, reading that he used strcpy makes my head go "security hole", but this is a proof-of-concept so it's ok) The best thing to keep in mind is that "There is no such thing as the fastest code" Edit: strcmp to strcpy (or any str C function) Actually I meant strcpy, but the point stands Point your string function to a non-null terminated byte buffer for example. At the very least you can crash the app What's recommended (one of the recommendations) is to use the 'n' functions like strncmp that takes a maximum size. Please enlighten us to the proportion of money that goes to the artist vs. how much goes to the record label. 10% goes to the artist, maybe? Even less? I'm sincerely curious, I'm buying an album at iTunes right now I wonder what the manufacturers of the P45 use to take their fake pictures =) Yes Switching to using the keyboard instead of mouse helped me a lot (even for browsing: Ctrl-L, switching tabs, etc) And also this: http://www.powerballs.com/ Yes, because there are no security issues in giving out a debt card number that is directly linked to your bank account. A bank account number is different than a debit card number About the direct debt, sure, I can undo this, via internet banking. But a fraudulent debt card purchase takes time to process and you don't have you money in the account anymore. With a credit card I can check for fraud and my money is not gone if this happens (and yes, it has happened to me) You're wrong, very wrong GV or other capital firms do this all the time, they can probably put a valuation exact to the cents in your startup (I'm exaggerating, still) Everyone that is on a long lasting business (or better, those who last in business) knows that what comes around goes around And Unix Yes, but not only that Vegetables should be properly cleaned before eating If you eat contaminated pork, you won't get NCC (or other cysticercosis) , you get a worm. You get Cysticercosis when you eat food contaminated with human faeces (sorry about that). Because then the human is "playing the part" of the pig. Cooking and basic hygiene goes a long way. You were so quick to dismiss me you haven't even read the link you posted, so please read this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cysticercosis#Transmission carefully "Humans are T. solium reservoirs. They are infected by eating undercooked pork that contains viable cysticerci." They are infected -> they get a worm by eating undercooked pork. Not cysticercosis Normal lifecycle: Pork eats tape worm eggs -> the pork gets cysticercosis -> Humans eat pork meat -> humans get tape worm -> worm releases eggs in human faeces -> back to step one Cysticercosis happens when the human plays the role of the pork - Multithreaded development; multiprocess is being favored (as well as event-driven) and there are some helpful modules for it - Unicode (at least for Python 2) - Debugging is a little behind other languages (pdb works) - removal of map/filter in place of list comprehensions (they are certainly better but not faster) Well, my mistake, map and filter are not faster than a list comprehension (at least not in 2.7) My test case is: f = [x^2 for x in l if (x % 2) == 0] (and something similar with map and filter) (where you read x^2 please consider x(double asterisk)2) For 500k elements - xrange(500000) - this takes: 0.122527122498 (list comprehension) 0.145442008972 (map/filter) Correct Contaminated pork meat has no tapeworm eggs, it has cysticerci, which is the tapeworm larvae. Not eggs You're confusing things. If he had said "all people add value" I would've agreed with you Well, you could try ranking results and calculating a score based on how each person outperformed the dartboard, then calculating a score over time. Is there really someone with a pin of 0000? From what I've seen the last I tried Java, there's another thing as well. Java APIs are way more clunky than C# In C# they're usually done in a natural way, in Java you have all this Rube Goldberg machinery to do something simple. And if you try to tell me "they are much more flexible" I'll call BS because I never seen something that could be done in Java (except trivial limitations) that couldn't be done in C# or Python or something else, probably in an easier way I have to say, yes, sometimes there are such issues. I remember some localization function having these problems. But then again, difficulty should be staged, the most common cases should be the easiest, and yes, even if you're doing something off-beat you should avoid going into dark corners. Yes, but most crucially, they don't turn it on with the lid closed. Open the lid, turn it on, closes the lid. Should be fun to try to power an older MB with the lid closed to see what happens. Reality Check Canada's backlog of (immigration) Visas is huge, and they are apparently not keeping up with it Check the website and see the average delays in processing. Apparently Canada has almost everything that is needed to have great startups, except the culture (and maybe the drive). "Everyone must now be careful never to store a file in /tmp that might grow large" If you're going to trash my /tmp with gigantic files please don't. Really "it’s better to fix the filesystem to make it faster" Yes, let's spend adding more complexity to the file system to work out every /tmp abuser out there. But his original point was avoiding adding complexity in the first place So basically, he contradicts himself. Mounting tmp as a memory backed fs is great (to which there may be better options than tmpfs), avoids (potentially) spinning up disks covered in rust for minor tasks. Depends on your use case and how much of that complexity you wish to manage In your case, what could work is having the new run use the same file names as the old run, or coming up with a rotation schedule (so you would keep the latest N runs) But if having them on /tmp as it is working for you, great, no need to complicate things. There are also speed considerations, if you're using these files as actual intermediate storage (as opposed to a log/debug dump) it may be interesting to have them written to a different disk (like an SSD) "I enjoy the work I do now, but it can be stressful trying to code in an open plan office which also hosts other business concerns (communications, NOC...)" Intra-Ear headphones. Especially with noise cancelling. They do wonders. Yeah, this is a Django thing, still, you can put your Django project one directory deep in your project tree and do as you said. A players hire A players, B players hire C players Likely or not? Maybe the new CEO just realized that and is fixing the house. No need to get fancy, really Several linux devs I know just Ctrl-Alt-F1 (or something else), screen, and there you have it. mplayer for music, end of story Just stop X, easy. Or don't even start it in the first place Use Mutt or Alpine for email Gold is already overvalued, I'm really not sure of its outcome Well, it's simple, isn't it Gold has "two values" (and one sale price) It can be a "money substitute" But it is also a mineral, with an extraction cost, and usage in the industry Now let's compare to oil Oil is very liquid (pun intended), it can almost anytime be converted into money. And then, used, converted into products or services. Gold has no such property. Yes, seeing "the price of dollar in gold" is certainly eye opening, still, the US has enough gold (and other resources) to keep the price of dollar (compared to gold) high enough. Looks like lots of time wasted in pro of "java developers" who can't be bothered to leave their confort zone and learn something else. That and the demotion of native code in Android (native code there calls Java libraries) really make me question a lot of things. Interesting The two envelopes problem look like a "hard" Monty Hall problem, in the MH problem it's easy to see how swapping improves chances, since you're removing one bad option Yes, but I suspect it's backwards from what you're implying Young SJ was (from multiple sources) much less humble, less forgiving, and more B.O. Well, Google is a different game, and I'm sure most programmers there are versed in at least a couple of languages. But some (most Java devs?) devs look like they are "only Java" right now. This. So much this And see this, XCB has been around at least since 2006 (when I first heard about it) The X model was good, but now it's a hinderance. A really big one. Give the developers a smart framebuffer (I'm not sure linux fb has any hw acceleration features, but IIRC it doesn't) or just give a "Pure" OpenGL API to the developers. And build from that Oh and by the way, try OSX, it's weird at first but I haven't looked back. I suppose this is saying something like this union X{ char a; float b; } If you store something in a, the other 3 bytes corresponding to b are unspecified But I suspect this doesn't apply if a and b have the same size. This is a really great book! And a real mind opener. Even if you know about some areas already. Wifi on a lamp? Really? This screams "We have no idea what we are doing" (And those buying into the project certainly don't know a lot about it as well) This is like saying "We are building an electric car... with shiny paint", whereas the real problem is "building an electric car!" They probably tried to fit a RaspberryPi inside first I reread their product description and I still stand by my opinion And even the article says (and they agree it's an OEM lamp): "The Lifx is priced at $49 per bulb, which means that you’re basically buying a basic WeMo switch and getting the LED bulb — and all the technology merging the two into one bulb-sized piece of hardware — for free. It just doesn’t seem likely." They can prove me wrong, sure, by shipping the product. This $50 for an icon is like paying $50 for a simple CMS. Of course, for $50 they get a stock icon with their name on it (like, click on Edit Text on PS and type the new one) "Wooden texture is a fashionable design in 2012" Yes, please, skeuomorphism up to 11 "because it's fashionable" Because surely a smaller and more complex device is going to cost less than a WeMo, sure It is not overpriced if you factor the cost of electronic control of the lamp Dear language creators Stop creating non-googlable language names R already is trouble enough, at least C is more known but still confusing The problem is when you're referencing the language in other contexts or worse search engines Example: searching for a package on aptitude or yum Profits are smaller on simpler phones What are the main issues with Java code that these tools find? The EyeFi? Yes, I saw it. Cheapest one is 39.99, let's take $5 for the 'SD' part, so it's $35 "Heck, I could dissect a router and glue on a relay in a smaller package for under fifty" Cheapest WeMo is $50 so you're almost there already You can try to have a homemade solution for less, sure but you'll have a small price advantage and maybe not follow all standards relating to switches (isolation, etc, it will work, though). Not counting the software work. Now, for their lamp they would need 3 power channels, instead of one 'on-off' control, which is certainly more expensive and complex. And the funny thing is Mondaine clocks may be good for a train station, where they are meant to be read at a distance, by people with less than 20/20 vision But it doesn't present any real advantage on an iPhone Too much skeumorphism again Ask Rolex, Breitling, Hublot, they all seem to be running out of cash Apple's profits are very down-to-earth compared to some of these brands I guess the question is, what happens if you make a fake ID card with all your legitimate/correct information. Yes, the issue was blown out of proportion But heads rolled at Apple, ask a certain Mr. Papermaster (not only because of that) You can tune Facebook's privacy settings to whatever you want. So you don't need to share everything to everybody. I'm gonna be that guy and say that you're probably looking for a Mac Book Air But this Asus on the article certainly looks good if you put Linux in it Lesson learned: The more a company touts their product is "secure" the less it is As much as "we use military-grade encryption" means a 16 year old can break it. Of course Apple can deliver him an iPhone if he wants, but he prefers to queue, and IIRC Woz is still an Apple employee 'Wozniak permanently ended his full-time employment with Apple on February 6, 1987... He still remains an employee and receives a token paycheck, est. to be roughly 120k per year' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steve_Wozniak#Employment_with_A... It's a way of doing business, not necessarily bad (or good) But I assume private customers will make up for the expenses when the loans end. In the movie "Bigger Stronger Faster" they have a section on supplements, and this comes as no surprise "Supplements" are a very broad term, and a lot of things are sold under this banner: - "True" Nutritional supplements, offering a dietary value, like carbohydrates, proteins - Supplements of a specific nature like mineral supplements, creatine, other amminoacids or peptides. - Stimulants, some mild, some very heavy and with controversial substances - "Pre-hormones" which are usually actually more damaging than most of the common steroids - Other things, usually useless I guess 80%/90% of all the products are BS, real products usually go straight to the point in their advertisement, and don't try to pass for a miracle or for something they are not. "GMail took 3 years from prototype to launch" Apparently it was available internally http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Gmail It certainly does not take 3 years to produce GMail, if they had the focus. Yes, but there is no Google Maps native app yet Google still hasn't submitted it Some people may think your post is a little over the top, but I agree 100%, and I would have used the same tone Bill Nguyen is very overrated, and apparently he specializes in "exits", getting te startup to a point barely enough over the threshold of getting a buyer (surely one that's not an expert) and selling. I think you mean forward compatibility Well, it's a lot of factors (I am currently in an European country, YMMV between them) - Lack of "drive". Young people mostly want to find a nice job and that's it. In my perception this is less in France, where people may want to "kick ass" more (historical pride maybe) and maybe in the UK or Germany - People are 'naive', and by that I mean the sentiment "this is the way it is, don't bother changing". Since everything pretty much works, it's difficult to see faults (or maybe faults enough to motivate a change) - People in Europe need more hand-holding. They are usually more theoretical as well instead of "go there and do it", something is much stronger in the American continent (which goes from Canada all the way to Uruguai/Argentina/Chile in the south) - Labor laws, difficulty in getting talent outside of the EU (depends on the country really - still, usually easier than getting an H1B) Also, every country has its quirks: French cannot speak english to save their lives (usually) In the end, Europe has a lot of opportunities, they have only to think outside of the box. But don't be so quick to count them out, they have literally thousands of years of experience. I agree, there are no more cushy jobs, or at least, not in the amount it existed once. But the constant renewing of abilities is more a characteristic of IT. In the majority of professions this is much less pronounced Oh, so you've looked into the H1-B system But do you know anyone that's actually employed like that? I know several - None of them get payed less than their colleagues - They are usually already at the "top of the chain", it's difficult for new/better job opportunities to show up. Inside the US it may be more difficult, surely, but they have no problem leaving the job and going elsewhere (and H1-B is a little less restrictive in swapping jobs than some work permits in Europe) One of the main issues today is the time it takes to apply for a Green Card, some of them are in their nth H1-B renewal now with little perspective of getting a Green Card Well, if they go to work for Tata or other similar SW sweatshops, that's an issue they should have investigated before taking that job. Today there's Glassdoor (and others) and not knowing if your salary is competitive or not should be a factor in accepting a job overseas. Especially in SW engineering good labour != cheap labour. You can certainly learn Java (the language) and a small part of basic libraries in a couple of months But to learn "the entire" language is impossible (this applies pretty much to everything today) But Turbo Pascal is probably the size of JS+jQuery today (in number of "things" you can do) No, it's not to be ignored, if the FBI is investigating that's a start But just don't throw away the H1-B system altogether Funny, the US should be the worse place for startups then since the government doesn't pay for people to go to universities there. Agreed 22/7 is the worse. Too much trouble for too little benefit If you need the value of pi to do a hand calculation, 3.14 is more than enough And if you need to "produce" pi just remember pi/4 = 1 - 1/3 + 1/5 - 1/7... (there are formulas that are better, sure, but less memorizable) Well, before the student loan craze it was not difficult to find an affordable university in the US. Certainly not Ivy League, but not bad. E.g.: http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/education/2004-09-08-tui... Today an Ivy League tuition year will set you back around 40k (possibly more) http://colleges.usnews.rankingsandreviews.com/best-colleges/... This also rings a bell here I suppose http://bayareaquarterlife.tumblr.com/image/32317753046 It's never pretty to know how sausages are made For regular hashing it makes no difference For cryptographic hashing it may make a difference, depending on the context. If you have a CD player (last century tech) that had a karaoke button that's what happens when you press that button, the two channels are merged. I'm waiting for the sandworms You know what Users can cry me a river. Motorola has repeatedly broken their promises. This is not the first time a new phone is not upgraded. I won't touch a Motorola phone, yes, even with Google. I may opt for a Android phone next, but other manufacturers have presented more upgrade options. Incompetence runs deeply in some organizations This is a big sore thumb for Android, something that Google should really enforce against the big vendors. Exactly that Or you make tagged photos of you not appear on your timeline (set their privacy to "Only you") If you found out about this after a photo has already been tagged, you can just untag yourself Well Some think crypto is essential. Some think it's merely a tool and even though having guidance in using these tools is important, no need to go to a lot of details. I could point out a lot of mathematics that are important as well and 99% of devs there are oblivious to it. - Newton-Raphson method - Gaussian elimination - Simplex method - Z transform - Bezier curves - Linear algebra in general - Galois fields Interesting test, but it's not news if you know something about code optimization. Caching of the data may also play a part on similar cases (but not this one - or better, the effect is negligible) Here's a little test that can be tried. Make the test result (inside the if) be true or false alternately (for example, sum only if the index is even), see how long it takes. Spoiler: modern branch predictors can detect and predict cyclic conditions It's unfortunate the employees were not paying attention to what their CEO and Company was saying and doing. This. Stop coding for a moment and pay attention to the surroundings. What makes you think a person that's unethical to their customers is going to be ethical to their employees? Yes. All evidence of parachute efficacy is anecdotal (as well as the occasions where the parachute failure "allegedly" caused the death of a person. Enough with this pseudoscientific babble that parachutes work!! I love this kind of humor, EBM is certainly important, but some people try to make all and everything out of something. Says the man who charges to have his photograph taken by fans Independent bookstores are nice, but they fail to account for the long tail, that's where Amazon shines. And for the "common books" the big chains do an ok job. E.g. Harry Potter (Still, physical B&N stores seem to be going away, Borders is history already) http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/hypocrisy Basically, it's ok for him to charge for his right of image, it's ok for the GPL to place limits on IP, but it's not ok for others to charge for other rights like IP or limit the ways their IP can be used (Right of image is not IP, it's a Personality right, still - and I agree with the GPL) Don't forget, caffeinated soda It is certainly a worthy project to be funded, with a significantly smaller moral compromise than in the case of tobacco companies. Erm, I can login into my HSBC bank account (to check balance, etc) with 3 chars from my password I just need the token if I'm doing 'something' with money And no Indian accent on phone service Another bank I know uses your card as a token, requiring you to have your card + a card reader. Better in some aspects, worse in others. Oh, I'm not saying you are wrong, it may be a difference of accounts/account type. Most likely an L1 visa then? Yes. The "do nothing" crowd IMHO makes things worse "Nuclear is bad", "Wind will kill the birds", "Hydro is evil", etc, etc, guess what, countries will use coal then. There's also the "not economically viable" crowd, that rejects anything if it "costs" more than oil (usually under fallacious arguments and/or ignoring some oil costs and/or inflating alternative energy costs. Every activity causes an impact. Deal with it. The objective should be to minimize that impact. Three Gorges dam? Your reasoning is right, I don't think alternatives will pick up in developing countries first (unless it's something really groundbreaking that's being overlooked, or something specific) The problem I see with some opinions is the attitude of "oil is best" without considering specifics. For example, wind power may be more expensive, but there may be a case that for powering something in the middle of China it may be cheaper, since oil has to be transported there. Also, electric cars, "oh they are useless since our power plants are coal/gas based". Yes, but tomorrow they may be powered by something else. Anything special about audit tables? Different machine? (maybe this is sensitive info) Very nice! How do spot servers work (or better, how are they shutdown)? Can you subscribe to a notification prior to shutdown or it's like someone ran a shutdown -h on it? Do you have redis saving to EBS then?