Shouldn't it be another type of combinator? Therefore the price is about $500 for the puppy depending on the dog. Then you have to factor in food costs and checkups to keep the dog looking cute. I read that WikiLeaks was on fire also. Some UPS caught fire. No. I doubt that this nutjob has made any contribution other than spreading hate. They really should use http://sisc-scheme.org/ . It is a much better interpreter than Kawa. I don't think kawa has tail call optimization. I think if it was the plans to make this it would be more Hacker. I use safari's built in RSS reader or Google Reader. I usually read the whole feed unless it is quite large and then I skim them or read the first 10. Well using reverse sort of misses the point. You are supposed to implement reverse. Knol doesn't distinctly look like a google page. It seems like they are trying a new layout and design. Some schemers on #scheme on irc.freenode.net are toying with it I believe. I really don't think that Riastradh would approve linking parts of his site to places like news.yc. He started removing the pages because of that. Using the splits that Yahoo has had and its current stock price 1,574,364 shares is worth $31 723 434.6 You know this could also be used for censorship. If someone wanted someone to disappear from a photo this would be more convincing than airbrushing them out. This is a really neat program though. Seconded. They say that they are working on a mac version. It seems like the cappuccino version is slower to load compared to the jQuery version I wonder how the OLPC will do given there are a great deal of competing netbooks already on the market. I would recommend SICP http://mitpress.mit.edu/sicp/ Very messy. I really should clean it up. Because its Dilbert. Not ycombinator. Sounds like stuff from the minority report. For some reason the site is saying that its blocking me due to a "hacking attempt". I don't understand why it is doing this to me I wasn't trying to hack it or anything. Using lisp if you have a network based REPL you can modify the running code live without taking the site down. Create a new space station and possibly try to go to mars. Maybe you should also invest in a spell checker... It looks like so far the GNU project has been a huge success. Actually the prime was found through GIMPS and that is a vast distributed computing project. See http://www.mersenne.org/ Those goggles almost look like they are from splinter cell. More like the former than the latter. Maybe it would be better if we try a more top down approach generating data semantically? Maybe a browser that has a zoom in function like the iPhone could be devised for these netbooks? Looks like an Ignoble prize in the making. $0 Great, more crap in the blogosphere. What's next amoeba writing blogs? Yea like arc . Oh wait. I would host in sealand by havenco see http://www.havenco.com/ Your interface seems a bit cluttered. I would try to clean up the frontpage a bit. I can get a free cup of coffee from starbucks and extra credit in my classes if I vote so that justifies why I am voting. The opportunity cost for me not voting is too high for me. I smell an ignoble prize winner. There doesn't seem to be any xml / html generation libraries and they call it weblisp? Thanks for being a ruthlessly honest dick. See http://code.activestate.com/recipes/343386/ First rule of hn. Don't tell others about hn. I use darcs for personal use and it is very easy to use. #scheme on freenode. Performance hasn't though. I think I will finish this com What is supposed to replace newspapers? Traffic is probably better. Traffic that actually makes you money is even better than that. Is open source hardware that much harder to do thats why there aren't a lot of projects out there? Someone should make simplysadnews. You would think that they maybe should have held off releasing chrome until extensions were put into chrome possibly? Thought that can be changed due to experiment (bayesian thought). Deconstructuralism applied to society and preconceived notions of truth (or even if truth exists). Nondeterminism and how that applies to free will. Thats what makes me get up in the morning. So PG's conjecture is there is a equilibrium point of appeal for people part of this site? I found about this a week ago and it kicks ass. It really helps when you are working with scientific information which is all in PDF's. Myself what do you guys think? http://aconsapart.com/ Oops sorry I was moving to a new server. No it hasn't. I have been printing since grade school because my handwriting sucked to begin with. I have been typing since then also. How about creating an experiment and designing it right on turk? You create a rough sketch and then you auto-correct it using people? http://community.schemewiki.org/?90min-scheme2c In 90 minutes you can write a scheme to c compiler. Couldn't the abstract dumbed down a little serve as the stub for wikipedia? Sounds like a good idea. But it doesn't work if they have css turned off. Yes. TAOCP ,SICP, Lisp in small pieces, Probably the upcoming clojure book comes to stuff that should be consed on the list. That and MMIX. I used to have panic attacks but they stopped after taking zoloft and eventually I grew out of them. I have cyclothymia and I deal with that pretty easily. When I get manic I obsess over thinking of new ideas and new approaches to problems that I have. I use all of my will to stay logical during this time. When I start getting off of that mania I start actually implementing the solution. Also, I think that taking martial arts and my logic class have helped me weed out the idiotic thoughts to and to get more structured thoughts. What about the festival of lights?? Yea its legit. I know from experience. It allows them to leverage your contacts for marketing purposes? yea they are going to take the guts of the iphone and make it into a sublaptop. Considering the low end of the EEE pc's are the same clock speed no one would notice the difference. When in hacker news do as hackers do I guess. Yea thats what I do but I have an efficiency function which judges my iterations so I know if an iteration is actually good or not. I don't know why but as soon as I looked at that page I wanted to search for 1984 the movie. This sounds like a daily wtf posting in the making. Except we have taken apart md5, sha1 and working on AES... cryptosystems are made to be broken. We haven't proven if a one way function exists. When we can do that then we can move forward in encryption. I have watched it on google video up to the sex scene. it was pretty faithful to the book. I did read the whole book online . Now that I have revisited it is pretty faithful. The Cell is based upon a PPC G5 core with 7-8 SPU's or in other words cores which are specially designed vector processors. All of the cores run at the same clock speed (3.2 ghz) I am more interested in not dating one but more interested how to get dates if you are entrepreneur. Wouldn't it be a better idea to court european VC's than american because they might pay you in euros? Lots of mathematics, abstract algebra, computability, topology, linear algebra. Also, I want to understand more about theoretical computer science. Hopefully this will be the KO hit to IE6 cruft. No offense but I think a great deal of hacker news fans have seen this one way or the other. I remember there was response to this called lisp is an acceptable lisp. If you want lisp and are using ruby why not just use lisp? If you want ruby but use lisp just use ruby. It doesn't matter which programming language you express your ideas in. It only matters if you actually get cracking and implement your ideas. Pointless saber rattling about programming languages is quaint and dandy if you aren't actually programming. To quote feynmann "If I were forced to sum up in one sentence what the Copenhagen interpretation says to me, it would be 'Shut up and calculate!" Yea I agree with yegge. I think that lisp is what you make of it. Language doesn't matter. I misread yegge. lisp isn't a popular language its more of a language where you either use for industry or you use for experimentation or both. I personally think it doesn't matter what you code in blub or not blub it just doesn't matter. What matters is if you ship or not. Is it madness? No, prices for everything are down because of the recession. Now might be a good time to do a startup. The other side is that it will be difficult getting VC funding. I had a news.yc that covered a similar topic. If the company actually knows what it's doing they should allow for about 6 months where people can get their social graph / other data from the website. Why does a language make such an dichotomy. Why not instead learn tools and apply it in the languages that you know. Use what you know not the dogma of the other languages. I use time machine to back up data on my mac os x box. I haven't launched yet but if I did I would create a mirror on S3 since I am going to use EC2. No offense but hypothetically if we had private ownership they would agree with a standard marking. Its naive to assume otherwise. I don't agree with ayn rand on all things but corporations have standards.... I am thinking about doing this with an emacs mode [spartan emacs] and darcs. Good response to roger ebert and his ranting about the topic. I really don't give a shit about alienation. I try to talk about anything and analyze the person I talk to using philosophical techniques. (philosophy is good for good conversation). University of Illinois at Chicago I am studying computer science as an engineer. There should be a vendor / company neutral symbol. Might as well just advertise for github. I don't need a badge to tell me I can hack. Use the glider symbol from the game of life. Octocat is stupid its cute but stupid it is meaningless. No matter what experience you have you probably will learn something from SICP. Dude, with a name like sleep and a thing called hoes how can you go wrong? It doesn't look that bad as a scripting language actually, I applaud you that you actually created the thing. :-) I would like to see myself solve P ? NP. Not a competitor until they actually release it... but, it probably would make a big dent in dropboxe's sales. Either that or it would make cloud storage more popular and it would make dropbox more popular as a result. And the watchers watch the watch on the watchers... Looks interesting that we might have an opportunity of transparency in government. I am trying to get VC through my school (UIC) they have a competition where you can win 20k if you compete. Or you can go to Chicago and have many colleges to make friends at (GO to ACM meetings) great community and you can get anywhere on metra / cta. Negatives are the VC funding I guess. I rather do something I love and not get any money at all than doing something I hate for all of the money in the world. Thats what I am doing except I am doing research right now on computation as an undergrad and I am auditing classes to get the information to complete the research. Its fun when you can pass out of classes to simplify your course load (self study). Freedom is power. Power is happiness. It doesn't sound like it would be that hard to combine the two. Both are open source projects ... Well even if the publisher dissolves they probably can ooze over to a new publisher. Not bad. Clean design and easy to use. A great copy of craigslist. Mathematicians want to live fast and die young? There is another legend that there is no nobel prize in mathematics because Gosta Mittag-Leffler cheated on nobel's wife even though its probably not true. See http://almaz.com/nobel/why_no_math.html No, places like MIT and other research universities will survive because they also are a community of research. Also, most people who are actually using the Fab lab are associated with research institution. I don't really think that the masses will start using fab labs anytime soon but possibly in the future. I'm going to work on a SASS /Compass like framework for a scheme webframework called leftparen for google summer of code. http://blog.leftparen.com/ Carbon emacs package (latest) Aquamacs is unstable at least the last time I used it. Anything.el makes emacs feel like quicksilver (which is AMAZING!!!). I use redshank (hacked version for scheme) + quack.el + paredit.el for my main environment. I have been trying to use darcs and the wiki page for notes but I haven't gotten into it. I know my mentor. The chance is high that I will work on it possibly. I wonder where lisp falls in puzzle languages? A great deal of information about running a startup. Also the latest things on the web. Another case of scheme in name only. Why does everyone call new lisp-1's scheme instead of lisp-1? Actually according to the article they HOPE that it will mutate to death... PLT scheme has a couple of demo games included in the distribution that you might be interested in. Maybe they can ask for all of the CCTV cameras to contribute to google so not only do you have street view but you have building view. I thought this would happen. They changed some of the pieces and such but a great deal of the games on omgpop are obvious copies of the original games like bomberman. I bet they will be sued over other games also. Either that or believe in the singularity. Darien, Il a suburb of chicago. Tetris has a long record of winning court cases about tetris. Its more of a viral marketing experiment. I have a strong disdain for viral marketing because instead of being able to ignore it your friends make you use the application. At UIC they have two kinds of computers. Computers that run according to ACCC specifications and computers that are owned by the department of computer science. Guess which ones are easier to deal with... SISC targets the JVM with tail call optimization with some trickery. http://sisc-scheme.org/ Also pretty much any lisp with some type of syntactic macro system. No offense but this blogpost is pretty much fluff. All it is is a blatant transcript of the video. I was on the A/V team to help record this. Everyone is better off just watching the video. If I talk to the guys at pycon we might be able to do a transcript if we had another volunteer. I was thinking about doing this after I read this fluff piece. Numbers are probably skewed because people put false relationship data on facebook. Do I get a bag of holding with my premium account? Put postings on hacker news saying that the online media is full if it? What you did here is probably the best. Using quantum theory to explain psychology sounds like wishful thinking to me... Hopefully this will set a precedent and more companies like amazon will block Phorm I think what they have done here is a real victory for science. Also they have given back something that we all take for granted. It makes you wonder what we will be able to do next. It would be very detrimental for me to smoke because of the fact that I have asthma. Hrm. My asthma isn't bad enough to probably justify smoking but ehh. I think they could comprehend at that young age that something weird is happening to the clocks. What would make a clock tick slower at one place than the other? Edit the title so it says HN instead of NH sort of glaring typo. Seems like navify is overloaded at the moment. It looks pretty professional. Sort of interesting too. If there was a way to automatically get hashtags or news stories or submit possible stories that might be a way to improve the service. What about world of goo or portal? You have to work on the quality of the search results. I did a simple search for ipod, and laptop and got items related to laptops or ipod's but no results returned the actual product. Also there seems to be no way to organize the search results by price either which might be helpful. Preorder and camp outside the store just like the other iPhone models. Larger and potentially more reliable than any of the other botnet either. You could probably sell parts of it off at a profit. Most useful would be to donate the compute time to folding@home or Prime95 IMO. Yea this brings the point that PageRank could have been licensed from Stanford to Microsoft at some time in Bing development and as long as they don't infringe on the google trademark they should be fine. Statement by freenode because of the block http://blog.freenode.net/2009/06/new-freenode-webchat-and-wh... Analysis: Seems like mibbit was being abused and it was difficult for freenode to combat the abuse. Freenode eventually just got fed up with all the time required to fix the problem. It was too easy to get on mibbit to evade a ban to screw with a channel. As a millennial (born 1988) I enjoyed the book but I was unhappy that we couldn't finish the book in class for some reason (time constraints?). I want to rebel against some of my parents values but I am primarily more concerned about getting a college degree and integrating into society. Your right, my teacher didn't tell us this interpretation in my school. The book makes more sense now. If I recall correctly that was explored in my class. What I meant in the original comment was the fact that he misinterpreted the poem. Technically completing 10% gives you 30 days to submit another algorithm to do better than this algorithm. Unfortunately this will encourage customers to pirate the content. Only problem is that TOR can be compromised by operating a hostile exit node. This involves running a packet sniffer on a exit node and analyzing the traffic. I am in college but the people I would want to hear in College probably would be John McCarthy Peter Norvig It has a few security holes including the one you mentioned. http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/2004/May/0347.html The college I go to disallows checking out textbooks. If I want to check out a textbook I have to go to my community college. At an open source confrence I was at (flourish) they had an android developer which developed games. The sales were considerably lower for android apps I believe it was 10% of the sales compared to iPhone apps. This is a really bad decision from digg. I suspect that people will start moving away from Digg as a url shortening service now. The diggbar was bad enough encapsulating the content in a frame. Looking at some of the statistics one can conjecture that if your users are more technically inclined it is more probable that they will use firefox. They will use IE if your userbase is less technically inclined. I don't know about really apple moving them to adapt in this case. It seems to me that this is a response to the popularity of linux in server environments. They want their virtualization software to support linux. This doesn't detract that both parties benefit from it though. No he primarily programmed in Piet See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piet_(programming_language) . Note a slight error the transfer rate is 20mb/s not 200mb/s. Here is something that scientists have studied which does this http://www.tjhsst.edu/~rlatimer/techlab06/Students/OuyangPap... They actually take the approach that you state. They also have to judge how the system solved the problem. If you don't reach an optimal state you could be only approximating P=NP. Reuters could do nothing and come out ahead while the AP wastes money on this. They don't even have to make a statement. All they have to do is not follow the AP's footsteps. You could do that exactly. The problem is that the soap surface computer doesn't always perform the task to find the best steiner tree etc... I remember reading about this and the stated reason is the fact that his competition hates that he is offering his classes for free. This really needs a set of users to help test this. My username on that is zitterbewegung . I have a wave called hacker news. http://pygowave.p2k-network.org/waves/ryfHdRJuEA/ ? I really don't know how to export waves. I added jochen to the wave. Unreliable it doesn't necessarily give the best steiner tree or a good answer. Sort of hazy on this mainly just googled this information. Gmail on my desktop with the gears extension. Sometimes I use my blackberry message client to read emails. I really don't think that hacking has actually jumped the shark so to say. More like the community has diversified from purely academic hackers and crackers to more corporate hackers and entrepreneurs. I wish they went into more detail about some of the 50 new features. Also, an interesting way to get twitter buzz. The site will retweet the preview site if you hit the top link. The two prime numbers are multiplied to generate a larger number for use in the RSA algorithm. It is a hard problem to factor a large number and that is why it is used in the RSA algorithm. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA . The inputs to the problem are the primes and you know when it is solved when you have the two numbers multiply to give you the larger number. I remember steve gibson reverse engineered the protocol for a bot and figured out what it did. Do you think there would be an advantage for a ycombinator like group that wasn't based in the United States? Or do other venture capitalists have this covered? My school (UIC) is a part of msdnaa so we get windows 7 for free. What about a paper on lisp like "A basis for a mathematical theory of computation "? From the preview that I saw it looked like a good comic so far. Looks like a really bad article on a possibly promising treatment... No, this is only an approximation of the TSP. (Edit: parent post sort of got me thinking about if we could practically resolve P?NP to P=NP and the implications of that although it would be much like P=NP.) In the article instead of saying nothing of interest was found he could have said he verified the null hypothesis. Mr. T probably can't but you might be able to have Dr Who read your status reports http://tombakersays.com/ . Isn't this an SQL view/ presentation on couchdb? Are there any disadvantages for using it this way? Do you plan on releasing the book as an ebook anywhere? Such as the kindle or any other form? I think this article doesn't actually address the obvious question of the stigma of actually eating in-vitro meat. Actually looks sort of compliant. Although it seems like a toy implementation of scheme. Looks pretty nice, clean interface and well polished. What is your profit strategy? Do you plan on making money through sponsorship? That is a frequent request for sites that have votes. It would be an interesting experiment to try it out on hn or some similar system to see how it handles. Maybe it has to do with the fact that engineers aren't second class citizens in google? I bet it has all to do with corporate culture. 4chan is probably the best example of this. Loads of people want an image board but it isn't profitable. This should be required reading on redaction in the government. http://www.fas.org/sgp/othergov/dod/nsa-redact.pdf 3.7 HN years. Probably after this post a little bit more. So what is the actual solution? ArXiv usually has most of the scientific papers that I read. Google Scholar gets the rest. But probably the best place is looking up the author an finding his personal website and downloading papers. EDIT: Also check with your university if they have an agreement for papers. Seems to me that possibly webOS is the superior technology that is almost destined to fail to slightly worse technology like the apple app store etc... You would probably require a ridiculous amount of VC funding to even make a plant. Also, you are competing with people with PhD's in the field doing research. Seems to me they are comparing apples and oranges. I think there isn't that much intersection between both products and who would buy them. I have been thinking about getting a nook and I already own an droid. This sounds familiar. It happened to Plurk apparently. Some sweaters and $280 in cash. I'm thinking about a ebook reader to read scientific papers on any ideas? Why would a terrorist buy an apple laptop which is in the 1000-2000 range when a cheaper laptop which will accomplish the same objective work? Also, it seems like having a Apple approved laptop would be meaningless for our security and probably introduce holes because terrorists would figure out to subvert it. Actually not that silly. If you delete information in a given system you actually make it so that the system generates heat it is a proven principle. But at that high of a level you could implement any language but simply have the gates reversible. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reversible_computing Even if you make the animal see through you can't see behind organs that block other organs. What would have to occur is to change the pigmentation of all of the organs also. PMC's will become much more prevalent and popular. Private military companies. More scheme videos at http://community.schemewiki.org/?scheme-presentations Note to run this you should run PLT Scheme in pretty big mode. If you include it in a module or libraries you will break certain aspects because amb-eval uses set! which mutates module definitions. This is disallowed in current versions of PLT Scheme. It does have a quantum ambivalence operator which isn't found in those Perl modules. It is similar to amb by McCarthy but extended into quantum computations. I was thinking of making a clone of hn to do this it wouldn't be that difficult. Possibly a patch to hn. According to my reading of the documentation I think the recommendation engine operates on the data set that you specify regardless of the content. It operates on link graphs and group recommendations not the data itself. Basically, the data that is represented is invariant. The operations it does is like a group based recommendation service. If only I used HG. If someone made this for darcs it would be a movie of watching a merge fail though. Summary of arguments: Scrib is bad because they "steal" content like youtube. They don't actually respect copyright and make you register to get content. I don't see how this argument works when you see the success of youtube and how popular it is. If content partners would talk with scribd and they do a content recognition system both parties could reach more users and profit. 4k chess AI in java from http://ulf.ofahrt.de/aichess4k/ Converted into 1 char ۠ۗۢۘۜۨۘۚۘۡ۠ۧۡ۬ۖ۟ۡۘۢۡ۫ۘۧ۠ۗۤۘۛ۬۬ۛ۫۫۫ۘۖۜۙ۟۠۠ۘۚ۠۬ۜۚۜۡ۠ۗ۫ۚۖۡۡۤ۠ۚۗۡ۟ۖۧ۟۫ۘ۟۠ۛۢ۬ۢۖۗ۫ۚۖۙۚۜ۫۬ۖۧ۫ۛۗۡۨۡۗۛۨۢۖۜۛ۟ۜ۠ۖۧۡۧۘ۟ۡ۠ۗۗۘ۟۫ۖۨ۬ۛ۠۠ۨۙۡ۠ۜۢۧ۬ۖۜۢۧۚ۟ۜۘ۬ۛ۫ۧ۠۬ۨۚۚۗۚۘۚۚۚۖۢۢ۟۫۫ۢ۬ۖ۠۫ۚۙۤۢۘۖۘۙۜ۟۫ۛۡ۬ۧۖۛۚۨۢۗ۟ۘۖۧۗۖۖ۫ۚۚۗۚۙۧ۠ۧۘۛۤ۫ۙۚۨ۠ۡ۠ۜۡ۟ۖۙۗۨۤۡۘۡ۬ۡ۟ۘۘۜۖۧۢ۟۬ۜۤۧۤۙ۬ۘۚۘۤ۫ۧۧ۬ۛۚۚۘۤۢۡ۟ۙ۫۟ۨ۟ۜۗۛۖۧۘ۟ۗۛ۬ۙۚۛۡۗۗۚ۫۠ۖۘ۫ۧۗۖۙۢۚۧۜۖۢۤۡۢۗۗۚۛۙ۫ۘۢۛۖۤۤۢۙۨۨۙۡۖ۫ۖۤۙ۟ۧ۫۠ۨۢۛۡۗۜۨۢۨ۟ۢ۬ۘ۫۫ۧۛۜ۠ۤۚۗۘۘۘۙۡۚۨ۫ۖۚۖۛۘ۟۫ۢۙۗۗۘۘ۬۫ۙۡ۠ۘۚۜۨۙ۫ۖۗۖۚ۠ۘ۠ۨۡۨۨۢۤ۫ۖۘۢ۠ۨۛ۟۠۫ۨ۠ۘۤ۬ۡۙۤۡۙۙۛ۠ۜۙۗۧ۬ۡ۬ۨۙۛۧ۬۠۬ۧۡ۬ۙ۫ۡۜۚۡۜۨ۠ۖۧۧۡۙۧ۬۫ۤۨۘ۠ۤ۫ۘۗۙ۟۠ۨ۬۟ۙۗۛۗۖ۟ۙ۟۠ۤ۠ۛۘ۫ۗۙۜۙۜۗۨۧۨۘ۬ۢۡۚۨۖۖۘۗۖۨۡۧۙۡۖ۫ۤۙۙ۟۬ۘۨ۠۫ۧۙۢ۫ۨ۠ۛۛۨۙ۬ۙ۫۠ۡۘۧۖۖۨ۫ۜۘ۠ۘۖۙۖ۬ۨۗۗۨۢ۠ۨۧۡ۠ۛۙۘۗۨۛ۫ۜ۠ۚۖۚ۫۬ۤۖۢۡۡۢۚ۠۫۬۠ۗۜۗ۟ۚۛۙ۬۠ۤ۠ۗۖۜۨۧۢ۟ۨۤۜۖ۫ۜۖۘۨۢۙۧۙۢۘ۬۬ۨ۠ۡۢۢۨ۟ۙۜۙۙ۟۫ۧۨۖ۫ۢۧ۬۟ۨ۫ۛۛۧ۫۫ۚۤ۫۠ۜۘۢۙ۬۬ۙۜۚۖۤ۟ۢ۟۠ۡۘ۫ۢۜۜۖۨۤۖ۬ۡ۟ۢۛۨۨۖ۟۫ۨ۬۬۫ۘ۫ۢ۠ۚ۠ۨۡۤۛۨۤۜۤۗۛۨۢ۫ۚۗۡۧۨۜۙۡ۬ۖ۬۠ۜ۠۠ۧ۟ۨۧ۟ۧ۟ۤۤ۫ۚۖۗۘۚۗۛۡۤۙ۬ۛۤۜۜ۫ۤۨۖ۫ۤۡۚۘۘۤۡ۬۠ۖ۬۫ۧۨ۟۟ۧ۠ۤۖ۫ۚۡۡ۟۟ۢۙۘۢۗۤۨ۠ۖۨ۬ۘۡۡۤۡۨ۠ۘ۫ۡۤۧۙ۟ۖۗۨۗ۫ۘۙ۠ۖ۟ۨۘۗۤۖۢۙۘۙ۫ۧۙۘۤۤۖ۠۬۟۫ۛ۬ۧۡ۠ۢ۫ۨۚ۫ۤ۠ۤۚۤۜۗ۫ۗۛۚۤ۫ۧۡۖۡۗۖ۟ۜ۟ۛۧۡۧ۫ۨ۬ۛۡۖۢۡۛۙۡ۬ۤۧ۠۟۟ۗۛۤۙۡۖۖۙۨۤۙ۫ۖۙۗ۫۠۫ۢۤۧۤ۟ۡۢۘۤۙۚۡۛ۫ۛۖۚۖۨ۠ۨ۠ۚۢۖ۫۬ۨۨۧۖۜ۟ۨۛ۫ۧۤۢۗۡۘۛۚۧۨۤۤ۬۠ۖ۫ۘۘۛۜ۫ۨۖۨۨۚ۠ۚۖۘۜ۬ۨ۠ۜۧۡۢۗۗ۫ۨۙۤ۫ۘۚۗۛ۬ۛۡ۫ۖۘۨ۫ۜۨۧ۠ۙ۟۠ۜۤۙ۟۫ۙۢۢۛ۟ۖۧۧۙۡۛۙۘ۬ۘۤۚۛۧۤۤ۫ۢۙۧۚۚۛۙۙۖۗۜ۟۟ۗ۫ۨۗۜۤ۠ۛۧ۟ۛۘۖ۠ۗۤ۠۟ۧۤۤ۟ۤۢۘۖۖۙ۟۬ۚۤ۠ۗ۠ۢ۫ۘۨۗۡۧۗ۬ۢ۬ۢ۫ۘ۬ۨۜۖ۬ۡۢ۟ۢۡۖۜۡۨۨۨۖۚ۫ۨۤۨۘۖۚۤۙۗ۬ۢۜۛۘ۠ۜۢۧۜ۬ۛۡ۟ۖۘۙۗ۟ۢۛۢۛۗۡ۟ۡۧ۫ۧ۠ۨۢ۟ۘۜۢۙۛۤۡۖۚ۬ۡ۟ۗۡۡۙۚۙ۟ۨۗۤۢ۟ۨۙۤۢۨۧۢ۠۬ۧۚۢۚۙۚۛۖ۟ۚۨۘ۬ۘۛۖۘۙۨۤۨۨۤ۠ۤۖۧ۫ۚۨۜۢۨۚ۟۠ۨۖۜ۠۬۫۠۫۫ۢۛۢ۠ۤۤۨ۬ۢۙۜ۟ۧۡۚۢۧ۬۬ۤ۠۠۫ۨۡ۫ۤۧ۫۠ۡۙۢۨۙ۬۬ۖۜۨۛۛۖۢۛۡۙ۠ۗۤ۫۠۟ۘۚۙ۬ۖۢۚ۫ۘۤۜۤۡ۠ۚۢ۟ۙۛ۫۫ۜۚۢۧۙۗۜ۠ۚۗ۟ۡۧۢۖۛۗۢۙۚ۫۠ۜۛۢ۟ۗۖۧۡ۬ۖۡۖ۟۠ۜۨۨۗۨۡۡۛۡۨۤۧۘ۠ۘ۫ۛۡۙ۫ۖۨۘ۠ۧۗۨۚۧۖ۟ۤ۟۬ۜ۠ۜۢ۠۠۠ۜ۠۫ۚۤۨۛۘۛۙ۬ۘۗ۫ۖۜۡۖ۠ۤۜۗۜ۠۬ۤۨ۬۫ۛۛۨۢۡۗ۫۬ۡۚۖ۬ۨۘ۬ۘۜۚۚۚۛ۬۠ۨۜۧۙۚۧۡ۟ۨۢۚۖ۫ۜۛ۬ۘۧۗۖۚۚ۬ۖۨۨۧۙۢۙۛۗۧ۠ۙۛۚۧۨۘۤ۠ۘۛۘۘۤ۟ۙۘۜۨۨۛۘ۟ۧۜۧۨۡ۫۠ۛۛ۫ۤ۟ۙ۬ۚ۠ۖۨ۬ۖۨۛۛ۠ۛ۬ۖۗۜ۬ۙۧۢۜۢۡۧۙ۠۫ۨۘۗۘۜۡۢۛۢۛۗۚۚ۬ۜۧ۬ۗ۠ۗۚۛۛۧۚۨۙۘ۟ۖۤۙۤۚۜۗۖ۫ۗۤۜۖۘۙ۬ۡ۠۠ۖۡۙۙۗۨۢ۟ۗۗ۬ۗۛۗۘۖ۟۬ۢ۟۠۫۬ۗۜۨۧۡۗ۠ۛۜۢۧۧۛۙۢ۫۬ۡۧۧۡۖۢ۠ۨ۬ۙۧۗ۠ۗۗ۬ۡۜۘۗۚ۠ۘ۫ۜۨ۟۫ۡۡۖ۬ۧ۠ۚۤۧ۫ۜۙۡ۠۫ۢ۠ۤۛۡ۬ۧۨ۫۠ۧۛۙۘۧۨۜۗۧ۠۟ۜۨۙ۬ۨۨۤ۬۟ۗۛ۟ۡۨ۫ۜۚۨ۬ۨۖۘۢ۟ۜۧ۠۬ۤۘ۫۬ۢۤۡۢۘۨۙۗۚۤ۫ۤۢۜۘۢۗ۠ۗۙۚۢ۬۟۟ۜۤۢۜۗۛۢ۠ۤۖۡۧۨ۬۟ۙۤۖۡۢۛۙۘۢۜۗۛۨ۟ۗۜ۫ۤۛۜ۠ۘۙ۟۫ۤ۟ۡۗۜۡۜۨۚ۠ۢۖۛۛۨ۠ۖ۠ۛۚۖۚۧۗۤۡۢۘۚۘۜۧ۫ۧ۠۠ۢۤ۫ۖ۫۠۟ۗۖۜ۟ۧۙۗ۬ۨۨ۫ۤۗ۫ۜۡۢۤۖۧۡۨ۟۫ۖۧۡ۬۫ۛۡ۬۟ۘۚۤ۫ۖۡۜ۟ۘۧ۠۠ۗ۫ۘۜۢۨۚۚ۬۠ۗ۫ۧۚۚ۫ۤۙ۫۫ۜۨۢ۫ۖۚۗۚۙ۫۫ۘۘۨۤۚ۫ۙۗ۫ۨۢ۬ۙۛۨۙ۠ۢۜ۟ۚۙۚۖۡۢ۬ۙۨۢۖۡۢۢۧ۫ۘۧۢۛ۫۠ۤۗۛ۫ۡۤ۫ۢۖۜۛۘۨۖۡۡ۫۬ۗۡۚۡۨۗۘۙۜۤۚ۬ۧۧ۠ۧۧۡۗۗۗۙۜۧ۫۫۠۬ۖۤۤۡۖۡ۟ۛۢۛۖ۠ۡ۬ۚۤۧ۟ۙ۫ۧ۫ۡۤۧ۟ۛۚ۠۫ۜ۬ۧ۫۬ۨۡۜۜ۟ۚۢ۠۫۠ۛۙۙۛۚۧۖۘۖۛۛ۟ۨۚۛۖۚۘۨ۬۠ۧۘۢ۫۫۟ۨۨۧ۫ۚۖۡۖۤۛۖ۫ۖۙۨۖ۠ۡۛۛ۠ۜۖۡ۫ۖۤۤۚۛۖۡۡ۬ۧۤۘۚۗۜۛ۬ۤ۫۫ۜۙ۠ۧ۫ۚۗۚۛۖ۠ۨۨۚۙۧۨۖۛۛۘۜ۟ۗۗ۠ۤۖ۟ۘۢ۬ۡۖۜۗۘۖۚۛ۟ۡۚۨۖۤۤۚۨۡۤۜ۫ۡ۬ۨۢۧۜۨ۫ۨ۬۫ۨۧۧۨۗۗۢ۫۟۫ۚۛ۟ۜۘۧ۟ۗ۟ۨۧۢۖۚۙۜۤۘۗ۠ۘۧ۠۠ۘۛۢ۫ۧۙۗۛۤۢ۠ۜۘۗۧۡ۠ۤۗۚۢۨۖۨۖۖ۫۟ۛ۫ۤۢۗ۟۟ۖۙۖۤۛۜۤ۠ۡۢۡۙ۟۠ۧۢۗ۟ۙۢۧۢ۟ۢ۟ۡ۬ۗۛۚ۠۬ۚۚۘۧ۟ۡ۫ۙۧۜۡۨۗۚۤ۬ۛ۫ۛۖۡ۬ۨۚۛ۫۫۟۫ۢۡۢۤۙۖۡۘۨ۠ۧۘۘۢۚ۬ۙۤ۫۬۬ۧ۬۬ۧ۬ۚۤۤۖۧۢۗ۠۟ۘۧۘۙۗۖ۟۬ۨ۠ۤ۟ۜۜۢۨۨۙۢۛ۫۫ۚ۟ۤۗ۫ۤۨۚۜۘۢۜۙۛ۫ۧۜۚ۠ۚۜۛۡۨۛۘۨۙ۬ۖۘۜۗۚۤۛۤۨۘۡۘۢۜۤ۟ۗۙۖ۟ۧ۫ۘۛۙ۟ۢۡۖۧۗۛ۠ۛۚۛۛۖ۠۟ۨۛۧۧۙ۬ۤ۟ۘۘۤۡۛۧۧۧۤۙۖ۟ۜۘۧۚۘۡۗۜ۠ۗۚۢۜۚۗۧۡۛۤ۬۠ۧۖۘ۟ۨۢۤۡۨۖۙۖۛۘ۫ۗۛۙۢ۬ۛۗۢۤۜۗۖۢ۫ۛۜۖۢ۫۫ۜۙۡۡ۟ۧۡۘۗۛۢ۠ۢ۫ۙۢۤ۬ۨۘ۫ۖۖۙۛ۬ۜۢ۠ۗۤ۟ۜۚۙۜۖۢۡۧۙۘۚۗ۟۬ۛۢۘۡ۟۠۠ۚۨۜۗ۬ۖۨۤۧۚۘۡۘۙ۬ۧ۬ۨۖۖۧۗۘۧۖۚ۠ۚ۟ۙۢۧۨۢۗۡ۠ۢۢۡۤۢۚۛۗۙ۫ۙ۬ۙۤۖۚ۫۠ۘۢۤۨۧۘ۠ۖ۠ۧۙۨۨۛۖۛۛ۠ۤ۫ۨ۫۠ۖۛۜۤۚۙ۟ۢۗۧۤ۠ۧۚۢ۟ۙ۬ۙۨ۬۠ۙۛۖۖۨۧ۟ۢ۟۬ۧۨۙۡۖۤۨۗۚۡ۫۫ۚۤ۬ۤۜ۬۠ۤ۫ۢ۬۬ۜ۟۫ۡۢۙ۬ۛۛۧ۟ۧۤۨۚۡۜۙۘۜۜ۠ۛۚۖۨۘۨۜۨۚۚۙ۬۬۬ۡۜۤ۫ۤۛ۠۟ۛۖۤۖۘۢۛ۫ۧۗۖۧۡ۫ۜۤۡۘ۬ۜۡ۟ۖ۠ۗۘ۠ۨۡ۫ۡۚۙۤ۟ۧۙۧۡۜ۟ۗ۠ۗۨۡۛ۟۬ۜۡ۬ۡۘۚۙۨۨ۬ۛۙۖۢۤۛۛ۬ۜۗ۬ۖۖۤۢۨ۠ۚۚۧۖۛ۫ۧ۟۠ۤۡۗۧ۠ۨ۫ۗۡۜۜۘۙۚ۟ۖۙۘۖۤۗۨۧ۠۫ۨۘۘۖۚۧۢۗۢ۫ۛۙۚۚۗۤۜۨۗۙ۬۠ۙۨۙۛۚ۫ۛۧ۟ۚ۟ۚۚۖ۟ۘ۬ۖۘ۫۟ۜۜۡۖۤ۬ۧۘۚۢ۟ۜ۫ۢۨۧۨۧۙۘۧۖۖ۬ۧۖۢۨۛ۫۟۟ۗۧۚ۫ۖۨ۫ۡ۟۟ۧۧۖۛۜۡۨ۠۬ۤۨ۠۟ۤ۟ۧۡۨۢۚۘۜ۫ۛۤۡ۟ۨ۟ۤۘۚۘۨۙۙۤۘۧۤ۟ۙۙۚۢۗ۟۬ۖ۠ۜۢۗۛۙۛۤۘۙۛۤۖ۠۫ۧۡۜۖۢ۫ۘ۠ۤۘ۠ۚۡۚ۬ۜۡۙۨۢۨۢۢۖۧۛۛۙۜۜۜۘۜۘۛ۠ۙۙۖۢۤۘۢ۫ۖ۟ۙۨۜۛۛۘۜۜۡۧۘۘۖ۫ۨۜ۠ۜۢۛۜۗ۠۠ۨۗۜۢ۠ۛۢۚۙۧۛۤۨ۟ۗۜۗۤۢۡ۠ۢۜۛۧۛۨۡۤۙۙۤۗۜۢۚ۫ۙۖۨۗۘۙۙۨۨۙ۬ۤ۫ۙۛۗۧۘۡ۠ۧ۟ۜۘۨۙۡ۠ۧۧ۬ۧۙۨۨۘ۫ۛ۫ۘ۬ۖۤ۬ۤۡۛۚ۫۬ۙۜۨ۠ۢ۫ۤۘۨ۫ۨۖ۠۬ۡۛۛۚۧۗۘۧۙۗ۬ۤۧۚ۫ۧۖ۬ۜۚۛ۫ۛۜۚۗ۫ۛۢۘۘۤ۠۟ۡۧۧ۫ۧ۫ۧۙۙۜ۬ۛۘۢۡۙ۠ۘۗۧۗۛ۬ۗۛۖۤۨ۠۠ۤۨۘ۫ۗ۠ۚۖۙ۬ۛۚۛۨۗۙۨۙۗۜۘۧۜۘۜۘ۫۠ۖ۠۟ۚۧۨ۫۠ۡۘۡ۟ۡۙۢ۟ۧۙۗۢ۬ۤۛۗۙۢۖۡ۫ۧۢۤۚۜۢۢۜۛۤ۫ۚۢ۟ۡۛۖ۫۫ۛۤ۠ۖ۫ۡۘۤۤۤۖۧۨۜۧ۬ۜۨۜۜ۟ۢ۠۫ۤۛ۬ۤۡ۬ۛ۟۫ۢ۬ۜۛ۠ۗ۠۟ۨۗ۟ۚۘۜۘ۫۟۠۠ۚۚۢۨۖ۬ۤ۠ۛ۬ۤۗۚ۬۟۠ۨ۫ۛۜۘ۠۬ۘ۟ۧۙ۬ۖۨۛۜۛ۟ۘۙۙ۬ۖۤۢ۬ۛۜۙ۠۫۬ۤۢۡۡۘۗۚۘۘ۠۫ۙۧۛ۠ۖۚۚۙۘۤۛۘۜ۫ۘۧۙۗ۬۬ۡۤ۟ۙ۬۬ۙ۫ۢۡۘۚ۫ۖۗۤۢ۠ۜۤۡ۠۟۟۫ۜ۠ۖ۠۫ۧۧ۟۠ۡۗ۬۫ۧۗ۟ۗ۠ۨۘ۬ۨ۬ۤۨۚ۫ۗ۠۟ۚۢۛۡۖۗۙۧۗ۟ۤۤ۟ۧۢ۫ۗ۫ۧۜۤۘ۬ۜۙۨۙۙۖ۠ۚۖۛۛۖۛۘۡۧ۟۫ۢۛۡۚۜۙۙ۬۬ۨ۟ۨۢۢۧ۠ۗۗۢ۟۬۠ۙۛۚۛ۫ۗۘۖۚۛۨۗۢۧ۬ۙۧ۠۟ۢ۠۠۠ۛۜۤۚۘۘۜۡ۫ۖۡ۠ۖۡۖ۬ۖۜۡ۬ۤ۫ۚۡۧۗ۠ۖ۬ۜ۫ۙۢۛۤۤ۟ۜۜۡۢۛۙ۬ۢۡۢۚۛۗۖ۬۬۫ۘۗۡۡ۫ۡۚۧ۠ۚۘۧ۠ۖۜ۠ۜۡۚ۟۟ۤۧۚۤۚۡۙۗۡ۠ۛ۬ۜۗ۬ۙۜۡۧ۫ۙ۫ۘۤۙۜۚۨۙ۟ۚۜ۫ۡۚ۫۟ۛۙۧ۠ۧۚۨ۠۠ۢۚ۬ۡ۟۬ۚ۫ۚۨۨۨۧۙ۫۬ۛۨۢۤۧۤۤۘ۬ۖۘۢۢۖ۬ۤۗ۬۬ۗ۬ۛۧۡۡ۫ۚۢۧۛ۬۬۬ۛۤۤۚۧ۬۠ۚۡۤۨۙۢۢۙۡۨ۟ۗۛۡۗ۬۬ۤۜۧ۟۫ۛۨۡۜۛۡۙ۫۠ۨۢۛ۫۟۬ۨۖۗۤۛۚۚۚۧۤۨۚۡۨۤۨ۟ۨۧۡۜۢۤۛ۠ۘۢۚۚۘۤۗۜۨۨۗۤۢۚۧۧ۟۫ۙ۬ۢۗۨۧ۬۬ۢۢ۟ۨۨۘ۬ۨ۠۠۫ۙۖ۠۟ۤۚ۟ۡۘۧۗۘۤۙ۬ۚۧ۠ۧۤۨ۟۫ۜۖۢۡۖ۟ۨۖ۬ۤۘۜۨۜۡۖۗ۬ۛۛۛ۫ۤ۟ۢۗۤ۠ۙۛ۫۬۬۟ۙ۟ۚۡۙۙۜۛۚۜۙ۟ۡۤۚۙ۟۟۫ۜ۬۠ۖۘ۟ۡۙۙۚۚ۟ۤ۟ۧۧۙۛۡ۫ۛۨۜ۟ۤۢۢۜۡ۫ۖۢۘۛ۬۠ۘۧۤ۬ۨۗۤ۬۟ۢ۫ۢ۫ۘ۠ۘ۫۫ۜۜۨ۠ۨۛۡ۬۟ۡۡۨۛ۟۠ۘۧۛۢۗۡۢۜۙۧۛۨۖۛۛۨۙ۫ۖۡۨۚۡۚۘۧۗۖ۠۬۬ۡۙۛۚ۬ۚۨ۬۟ۨۗۜۗۡۡ۬۫ۗۙ۬ۚۗ۠۬۬ۖۖ۬۠ۚۧۤۛۤۚۙۜۘۧ۠۫ۗۙۗۢۤۗۘۘۛ۠۬ۛۧۘۗ۠ۛۧۨۧۗۡۚ۟۬۬ۡۛۚۛۨۤ۫ۡۖ۫۟ۘۚۛ۫ۨۢۧۤۢۡۢ۫ۧۨۖۚ۫۫ۧ۟ۧ۬ۜۗ۠ۜۜۡۖۨۜۘۜۗ۟۠ۗۖۖ۟ۤ۬ۤۧۙۗ۫ۨۧۢۚۘۗۡۢ۟ۘۜۧ۫ۙۙۗۘۤۜۜ۬ۖۡۧ۫ۙۜ۬ۙۘۘۢۖۚۙۡۛۨۙۜۡ۬۟۫ۖ۟ۜۛ۫ۙۜۡۢ۠ۧۛۨۜۙۡۛۨۧ۟ۖ۠۫ۖ۬۠ۨۗۢۛۚۨۚۡۡۨ۠ۜۨ۬۠ۖۤۜۜۘۙ۬ۗۗۚۡۘ۬ۙۧۚۛ۫ۨۡۘۨ۠ۛۗۨ۫ۢۢۡۨۖۧ۟ۗۨۢۤۖۘ۟۫ۘۨۘۜۢۜ۠ۢۘۙۗۢۛۢۚۧ۟۟۫ۙ۟ۚۖ۟ۤۡۡ۠ۙۡۛ۟ۜۖ۫۫ۚ۬ۚۘ۠ۖۡۖۧۛۡۚۜۨ۟۟ۧۗ۬ۢۤۨۡۤ۬ۙۨۜۗۛ۠ۗۤ۟۟۟ۛۙ۫ۙۛۚۜۖۜۗ۟ۙۨ۠ۤۖۘۤۙۨۛ۬ۛۘۗۘۜۖۚۛ۬۬ۗۖۛۛ۬ۜۡۧۘۛۚ۠ۧۢۖۧ۬ۚۗۜۡۜۘۧ۬ۨۛۘۗۙۤۖ۠ۙ۬۟ۗۜۖۡۧۜۛۢۧۤۡۖۖۗۜۧ۠ۘۜۛۚۗ۟ۡۤۗۧ۬ۤۡۢۗۗۢۘ۠ۙۤۚۧۧ۫۫ۗ۠ۡۢۢ۠ۚۙۧۢۛۢۗۛۙ۫ۧۚ۟ۙۖۢۧ۬ۧۤ۟۫ۛ۫ۛۗۛۙ۟ۙۧۢۧۗۤ۟ۙ۫ۢۢۗۚ۠ۖۢ۟ۧ۬ۜۧۗۢۘۗۢۚۜۢۜ۠ۖۤ۬۟۫ۧ۠ۡۜۜ۬ۜ۟ۖۛۚۜ۠ۧۗ۬ۤ۬ۧۧ۫۠ۨۙۢۚۚۜۡۚۧۨۙۧۤۗۙۘۘۡ۬ۗ۫ۖۢۙۡۗۧۖ۟ۡۡۗ۬ۘ۠ۨ۠۠ۤۨۛۜۜۚ۟ۘۖ۠ۙ۟ۨۨۖ۫ۛ۬۟۠ۙۡۗۛۜ۟ۘ۟ۢ۫ۡۘۢۢۢۧۨۡ۫ۘۤۨۙۨۨ۟۠ۜۧۛۡۧ۠ۚۧۘۚۡۡ۫۠ۗۧۘ۫ۛ۟ۗۗۡۧۧۡۘۖۘۧۙۘۙ۠ۡۢ۠ۨۡۘۛۙ۠ۧۧۡۙۗ۫ۨۧۗ۠۫ۨ۫ۖۙۛۡۚۢۗۜ۬۠ۚۢۖۖ۬ۘۖۙۡۢ۟ۨۢۤۖۨۢۛۛۚۗ۬ۧ۬ۧۗۨ۠ۨ۠۟ۗ۬ۤۤ۫ۢ۫ۜ۫ۖ۫ۙۜۙۧ۠ۚ۠۫۬ۡۧۡۚ۟ۙۘ۟ۖۨ۬۠ۢۙ۠۟۫ۜۤ۫ۨۖۚۙۨۡۘۤۡۨ۠ۙ۬۬ۧۡۚ۫ۡ۫ۘۤۢۢۢۙ۠۬ۧۛۜۘۙۘۛ۫ۗۡۡۛۚۘۡۘۤۙۚۡۨۤۧ۫ۚۤۜۖۘۨ۟ۤ۟ۧۛۧ۬ۚۗ۠ۖۙۡۨۤۧۨۤۨ۠ۗۛۜۛۨۚۘۢۧۗۧۛۛۙۧۢۖۗۤۢ۟۟ۘۛۢۜ۬۫۠۫۫۠ۚۘۛۜ۬ۤۘۨۡۛۗۖۤ۠ۗ۬ۨ۟ۨ۠۬ۢۢۛۛۚ۬ۡۜۡۘۨۙۤۖۗۧۧۖۘ۬ۤۜۙۡۢۖ۠۠ۤۧۗۡۘ۬ۡۤۡۖۘۢ۬ۘۛۨۢۜ۠ۨۤ۟ۙۗۖۙۧۘۙۘۗۧۖۘۗ۟ۤۡ۠ۗۛۤۘ۟ۢ۫ۛ۬۫ۙۤۡۧ۟۟۠ۗ۫۠۫۬ۗۗ۟ۗۜۡۛ۬ۡۙۙۤ۟ۛۗۧۡۧۗۨ۫ۡ۠۠۟۬ۖۚۜۙ۫۟ۘۗ۫۠ۡۨۗ۬ۚۜ۟ۤۗۗۖۖۧۤ۬ۖۘۙۡ۫ۧ۠ۜ۟ۤۜۙ۠ۛ۬ۨۘۧ۠۬ۖۙۛۖۚۢۢۗۢۢۡۧ۠۫ۚ۠ۡۢۤ۬۫ۚۡۚۛۡ۠ۨۙۘ۠۟ۛ۟ۤ۠۬ۙۡۘۙۤ۠ۤ۫ۧ۫ۚۡۨۘۨۢ۫ۖ۠۬ۙۛۚۨۗ۟۬۬ۢۛۜۘۗ۟ۧۙ۫ۤۢ۬ۧۛ۫۬ۜ۠ۙۜۤۤ۟ۡ۠ۤۤۜۘۨۖۘۗ۬ۨۘۢ۠ۨۧ۠ۙ۫ۧۤۘ۟ۖۡۜۧۖۛۘۨۤۤۘ۫ۛۡۚ۟۠ۤۗۗۢ۟ۛۗۨۨۖۨۛ۬ۖۛۖ۠ۢۡۢ۬ۗۙۨۧۤۡۗۗ۠ۗ۬۬ۛۖۡۡ۟۟ۤۛۤ۫ۗۙۧۡۨۢۧۤۤۜ۫ۤۛ۬ۤۙۜۖ۟۫۬۟ۨ۠ۗۛۧۤۖۧۧ۠۟ۘۢۛۚۗۨۖ۫ۢۢۡۤۚۡۘۗۡۧ۟ۖۢ۬۫ۧۖۢۜۙۜۤۙۨ۫ۚۛۚۤۨۤۗۤ۫۫ۜۚۚۙ۬ۙۗ۬۫ۤۗۖۚۨۜۜۧۜۜۜۢۖۛۢۧۜۚۘۢ۫۟۟ۖۗۛ۟ۜۚۙۖۨۜۨۛۗ۬۫ۤۙ۫ۙۧۜۛ۫ۨۜۘ۫ۤۙۤۤۘۘۢۡۖۢۤۧۚۤۡ۟ۙۘۡۖۘۙ۫ۤۤ۟ۜ۟ۢۨۧۗ۬ۜۜۢ۠ۢۙ۟ۢۧۚۡ۠ۡۘۢۚۤ۠۠ۗۖۜۙۙۧۧۙ۫۫ۢ۠ۛ۟ۧۜۢۚۚۨۚۢ۠۟ۡۤۤ۠ۢۘۤۛ۫ۜۘ۟ۛۤۙۖۡۗۛۚۙۜۤ۬۠ۨۧۘۨۖ۫ۤۤۙۗ۠ۢۗۜۙۗ۠ۗۚۤۢۘۘ۟ۖۛۚۘۚۤۨۛ۠ۨۛ۬ۖۗۨۚۙ۬ۖۨۧۗۗۜ۠۬۫۬ۘۡۤ۟ۜۢۜۗۘۗۙۡۛ۬ۨۜ۟ۢۡۧۢۗ۫ۗۖ۫۬ۙ۬۫۫ۙۜۤۖۧ۬ۛۙ۠ۢۧۢ۟ۡۚ۟ۙۙۨ۫۟۟۫۬ۡۤ۟ۡۘ۫ۘۡ۫ۢۡۜۜۧ۠ۚۚۧۙۨۖ۫ۨۨ۠۠ۜ۠ۜۗۛۚ۫۫۫ۘۡۗۨۡۤۢۛۡ۠ۗ۠۟ۤۙ۬ۡۛۧ۠ۢ۠ۙۛۤۙۚۜۢۙۖۛۙۖ۟ۛۜۚ۠ۤۡ۫ۙۢۡۛ۠ۗ۟ۜۜۧۗۨ۬ۙۜۗ۬ۢۨۚۖۘۛۤۨۘۡ۫ۚ۬ۖۧۤۚ۠ۚ۠۫ۗۘۢۚۗۤۨۡۤۙۘ۬۟ۤۚۘۨۙ۟ۚۗۖ۟۟۫۟۟ۤ۠۬۟۫ۗۡ۬۬ۙۘۚۘ۟ۢۙ۠۬ۚۨۛۖۤ۟ۙۙۖۚۚۤۢۡۤۙۙۗۖۙۛۡۘۤۙۗۧۜۧۤۗۧ۫۠ۧ۬ۢۜۢۛۖ۫ۗۧۜۤۗۢۖ۬ۜۨۜۜۡۖۨ۟ۗۜۡۗۨ۟ۢۛۚۚۗۙۘ۟ۢۧۗۡۖۖۧ۬۟ۗۢۗۤۤۢۢۚ۠ۗۙۜۖۚۤۚۚۗۨۧۙۜۡۧۖۡۙ۠ۤ۫ۜۢۤۢۚۧ۬ۧۤۙ۟ۢ۟ۡۤۘۚۜ۟۫ۚۚۜۗۡۗۘۨ۟ۜۘۨۡ۫ۡ۟ۢ۫۬ۙۖ۫۫ۤ۫ۛ۠ۨۗۖ۬ۜۖ۫ۧۗۜۢۤۖۤۨۧ۫ۘ۫۫۠ۤ۬ۗ۠ۘ۬ۗۖۡۤۗۡۨۨ۟ۤ۠ۧۛۡۤ۠ۜۛ۫۫ۜ۠ۘۡۤ۬۬ۤۧۧ۠ۨۛ۟ۙۚۗۢۘۜۙۙۜۡ۟ۢ۟ۙ۬ۡ۬ۛۚۙۢۙۡۢۙۛۖۧۙ۟ۧ۟ۧۛۡۢۚۨۨ۬ۧۙ۟ۢۡۜۤۡ۬ۖۖۛۖ۟ۗۖۚۨۖ۫ۨۚۖۧ۠ۖۛۤ۫ۙۛۚ۬ۘ۠ۡۤۡۚۢ۟ۤ۬ۖۤۡۨۢۘ۟ۙۧۖۨۨۢ۠ۘۘ۫ۘۙ۬ۚ۬ۢ۫ۨۖۗۙۙۤ۟ۧۗۡۗۡ۫ۘۨۧ۠ۨۗۖۤۤۜ۠ۘۧۤۨۚۜۙۨۗ۠ۤ۠ۗۡۚۧۢۜ۠ۛۜۚ۫ۛۗ۬ۗۚۤ۬۠ۙۧۛۙ۫ۤۧ۬ۚ۫۬ۤۖۗۚ۬ۡۡۜۙۖۖۛ۠۬ۚۚۚۨۛ۟ۘۡۘ۟۫ۨۘۢۡۢ۟ۛ۠۟۬ۛۨ۬ۧۨ۬ۜۚ۫ۜ۫ۙۢۧۘ۠ۙۧۡۙۚۡ۟ۨۖۗۛۙۙۨۨۘۡۛۨۘ۠ۜۨۢۜۢۙۤۧۨۚۢۨۜۤۚۜۖۗۚۘۗۜ۟ۢۗ۟ۡۙۛۗۡۙۜۨۜۙۘۘۗۘۘۧۖۜ۟ۗ۠ۡۢۖ۫ۛۤۡۨ۬۫ۚۢۚ۫ۗۙ۫ۧۧ۟ۨۤۤ۬ۜۖۛۤۧ۠ۗۜۡ۟ۚۚۜ۠ۙۗۛ۫ۡۨۘ۠ۢۜۙۛ۫ۛ۠ۛۛۚۡ۬ۢۢۖۤۖۛۜۙۙۘ۫ۡۚ۬ۤ۫ۗۚۖ۟ۚۚۜۛ۟۠ۖۗۛۚۖۘۖۢۚۢۖۨۡۨ۟ۜۢ۠ۗۚۘۖ۟ۨۨ۬ۘ۟ۢۚۡۗۤ۠۟ۡۛۛۛ۠ۜۘ۠ۛۙ۟ۢۗ۫ۙۜۘۜۜ۫ۨ۠۠ۧۡۨۜۖۗۛۚۗ۫ۘۧ۠ۙ۠ۡۛۙۖۖۧۘۖ۟ۛ۟ۚۜۡۧ۫ۚۡ۟ۨ۟۠ۤۜ۬ۨۜ۠ۡۡۗ۬۠ۛۚۖۘۧۖۢۨۛۜۚۨۨۙۖ۠ۨۧۛۜۧ۬۟ۗ۠ۙۖ۠ۤۛ۟۬ۘۗۧۛۘ۠ۢۛ۟ۡۡ۫ۛۖۨۤۙ۬ۜۙ۫ۘۘۡۨۙۙ۠۠ۢ۠۬ۙۛۡۨۤۖۤۙۤۨۗۖ۬۠ۜ۫ۗ۫ۨۙۗۚ۠ۘۘۘۖۛۜ۟ۢۜ۫ۜ۬۠ۤۧۜۛۧۛۧۢۗ۬ۘۚ۬ۤ۟ۛۡۗ۬ۡۢۛۢ۠۟۟ۡ۫ۨۘۜۧۧۨۖۡۢۤۗ۬ۙ۠۠ۙۖ۠ۧۘۢۡۚۤۡۛۛۘ۠ۧۖۗۨۗۤۨۙۛۤۧۖ۟۠ۖۚۚۢۡۧۖۘ۟ۖ۬ۙ۬ۙ۫ۖۧۙۜۗۙۧ۠ۘۤ۬ۖ۬۫۬ۘۜۜۘۤۢۧۧ۫ۛ۟ۙۢۛۗۡ۫ۧۤۢۘۖۤۘۙ۬ۙۢۚۘۙۧۖۛ۟ۙ۠۬ۜۘۗۧۜۢۧ۠ۛ۫ۢۤۘ۟۬ۧۘ۫ۘ۬ۡۧۜۗ۫ۡۡۛ۫ۡۨۛۧۡۨۜۡ۬ۛۧۖۚۖۙ۟ۤۧ۠ۙۘۡۜۖۡۚۙ۠ۡۛۘۙۚۢ۟ۗۢۜۤۙۛ۬ۢۨ۠ۚ۠ۘۢ۬۠۠ۚۘ۠ۨۖۘۙۙ۟ۖۛۗ۠ۚۢۜ۟ۧۧۖۡۨۡ۫۬ۛۡۖ۫۟ۡۡۛ۠ۜۚ۫ۘ۬ۧ۫ۛ۠ۤۘۛ۠ۙ۠ۗ۠ۢۗۙۙۛ۟ۤۘۡۗۖ۬ۛۢۗۙ۟۫ۡ۫ۧ۬۬ۛۧۡ۫ۜۙ۫ۨۗۙ۬ۙۗۖۡۛۢ۠۬۫ۡۗۖۜۛۘۧۜ۟ۧ۬ۤۙۘۤۖۛۜۖۢۡۙۘۘۘۢۗۡۙ۟ۖۗ۟۠ۚۢ۫۟ۘ۠ۖ۫ۧۡۤۖ۬ۢۢ۬ۡۘۢ۬ۙۢۤۘ۠ۘۙۗۘۖۤۘۡۗۗ۟ۛۙ۠ۖۧۢۙۢۜۘۜۜۤۖ۫ۚۗۢۜۜ۫ۛۙۧ۠ۖۙ۬۠ۢۛۘۤۗۢۡۤۢ۫۬۟ۜۜۨۗۤۙۨۗ۟ۧۖۨۨۤ۫ۨۤۘۙۘۚۛۡۢۤۙۙۡۗۧ۠ۤ۠ۛ۫۬ۘۖۘ۬۬ۧۨ۫ۡ۠ۢۗۚۚ۬ۨۡۙۧۙ۟ۢۨۨۖۢ۬ۙۨ۬ۖ۬ۧ۟۬ۡ۠ۜ۠ۜۨۢۚ۠۠ۚ۠ۡۘ۫ۚۧۡۤ۬ۛۡ۬ۢۜ۫ۗ۠۠۠۟ۙۢۤۛۜۜۨۘۡ۫۟ۚۛ۟ۛ۟۫ۢ۟ۛۗ۬ۢ۠ۚۜ۫ۖۙۘۘۘ۠ۚۗ۠۫ۘۚۘۢۤۚ۟ۨ۬ۛۧۘۜۜۘۤۘۖۧۜۤۗۧۖ۬ۧۙۚۙۗۛۚۢ۬ۤۨۚۘۜۢ۠۠ۘ۟۠ۡۗۨۛۙۤۨۡۡۢۨۢۛۙۢۛ۟۬ۨۛ۫۠ۡۖۘ۫ۢۛۡۗۖۧ۟۠ۨۖۛۤۤ۠ۨۚۨۤۗۡ۠ۡۢۛۖۛ۬۬ۨۗۗ۫ۘۧۨۗۨۚۡ۠ۧۡ۠ۡ۠ۙۜۡۘ۟ۤۡۚ۟ۤۧۘۨ۟ۢۚ۬ۘ۠۟۠۬ۚۙ۠ۜۢۢ۫ۧۨ۟ۢ۫ۢۢۧۘۜۚ۠ۘۗۢ۠۠۬۠۠ۨۢۡۢۘ۟ۧۗۨۧۧۖۧۧۖۙۙۚۤ۫۠ۧ۟ۧۙۙ۟۠۠ۘۤۤۗۛ۫۠ۙۚ۟ۚ۟۠۠۟ۙۙۡۗۜۙۤ۟ۨۛۢۢ۠ۘ۟ۖۘۖ۫۟ۨۨ۠ۨۗۖۖ۫ۚۖ۟ۧ۬ۢ۬ۗ۠۫۬ۢۚ۟ۧۗ۠ۗ۫ۨۖۜۨۤۙۡۛۤۧۢۢۤ۬ۡ۠ۙۚۜۤۜۢۖۢۗۤ۫ۚۖۤۤۙۚۤۚۡۘۜۖۖۙ۫۟۠ۛۤۡۚۘۤ۬ۛ۠ۛۡۘۘ۟ۚ۠۠ۢۛ۠ۛۖ۠۫ۡ۟ۚ۫۫ۢۛۚ۫۫ۤۙۚۚۨ۟ۢ۠ۤۗۤ۟ۙ۫۫۠ۢۧ۟۫ۗۨ۬ۜۘۡۗۡ۟۟ۙۘۨۤۘۜ۬ۢۨۧ۟ۖۤ۠ۡۤ۫۟ۘۨۢۢ۟ۛۙۜۡۧۢۘۖۚۙۨۚۛۚۧۘۘۗ۬ۢۛ۠۠۠ۨۡۚ۫ۤۙۛۧ۟ۚ۬ۡۜۙ۬ۤۚۘۡ۠ۧۡ۬۫ۖۛ۠ۖۘۢۚۛۢۚ۟ۘۧۘۤ۬۬ۛۧۙۘۙۜۡ۠ۨ۟ۢۢۡۧۚۨۜۧۢۜۙ۠ۘۨۧ۟۠ۜۖۡۙۜ۠ۚ۬ۖۜۡ۬ۗ۟۟۬ۡۚۛۜۧۡ۫۟ۨۖۢۗۜۧ۟۬ۡ۠ۘۗ۠ۢۚ۬ۜ۬ۡۢۨ۬ۖۛۖ۫ۚۚۛ۫ۚ۬ۚ۠ۨۡۖۤۙ۠ۗ۠ۧۙ۠۟ۢۘ۠ۖۤ۬ۖ۫ۗۧۨۨۚۡۘۧ۬۠ۤ۬ۡ۠ۚۡۗۖۡۛۧۘۙۤۨ۠ۢۡۨۡ۟ۤۚۘ۬ۖۘۧۙ۫۠۟ۗۙۤۧ۫۟ۙ۫۠ۡۖۢۢۢۡۗۛۙۡۨۤۙۙۚۛۧۘۤۜۚ۬ۚۗۧۘۚۤ۬ۢۜۗۧۛۛ۫ۤۙ۠۟ۡۙۨ۠ۚ۟۟ۖ۫ۤۙۛۢۤ۟ۜ۟ۛۗۜۨۧۘۜۛۨۚۧۧۜ۫۠ۡۢ۫ۡۢۘ۟ۜۙۗۨۡۜۘۘۙۙۢۚۛ۬۠ۗۖۖ۬ۙۢۧۡ۠ۗ۠ۡۖ۟ۛۖۡۨۙۖۗۧۡۚۘ۫ۨۗۡۙۤۖۧۙۡ۟ۤۤۛ۠۠ۙ۟ۤ۫ۡ۫ۧۗۛۨۨ۫ۛۧ۟ۖۤۗ۫ۙۧۖ۬ۘۖۙۛۗۙۛۗۘۡۜ۫ۖۚ۠۬ۧۚ۬۠ۗۙۜۘۘۤۛ۫ۖ۟ۧۡۨۢۢۨۙۤۖۚۡۗۡۡ۟ۤۢ۠ۡۗ۠ۧۛۘۚۚۚ۟ۨۗۖۖۢۛۨۙۤۧۧ۠ۧۖۢۙۙۢۨۗۚۧۛۤۘ۫ۗ۬۟ۡۢۤۙۜۨۛۜۛ۠ۡ۠ۧۗۡۙۚۧۙۤۘۙۚۤۛ۬ۙۖ۠ۜ۬ۢۢۡ۟ۛ۬۫۠۬ۛۨ۟ۨۤۗ۫ۡ۠ۛ۠۟۠۟۬۬۠۬ۗۢۜ۟ۜۘۢۜۧۨ۫ۨ۠۠ۛۚۤۖۧ۬ۤ۬ۧ۬۟ۛۛۨۨۗۗۨۨۘۚۧۤۘۜۧۡۘ۠ۧ۟ۘۢۧۛۘۧۧۗۘۖۧ۬ۘۘۧۨۘۚۧۤۘۜۧۜۗۨۚۨ۟ۚ۬ۧۢ۬ۗۗۢۗۖۛۙۜۨ۫۫ۚۚۖۡ۠ۘۤۡۜۛۖ۫ۙۤۢۨ۠ۗۜۨۧۗۘۨۙۖ۠۫۬۬۠۬ۙۘ۫ۧۗۘۖۧۤۤۨۚۢۢ۬ۚ۠ۢۗ ۠ۗۢۘۜۨۘۚۘۡ۠ۧۡ۬ۖ۟ۡۘۢۡ۫ۘۧ۠ۗۤۘۛ۬۬ۛ۫۫۫ۘۖۜۙ۟۠۠ۘۚ۠۬ۜۚۜۡ۠ۗ۫ۚۖۡۡۤ۠ۚۗۡ۟ۖۧ۟۫ۘ۟۠ۛۢ۬ۢۖۗ۫ۚۖۙۚۜ۫۬ۖۧ۫ۛۗۡۨۡۗۛۨۢۖۜۛ۟ۜ۠ۖۧۡۧۘ۟ۡ۠ۗۗۘ۟۫ۖۨ۬ۛ۠۠ۨۙۡ۠ۜۢۧ۬ۖۜۢۧۚ۟ۜۘ۬ۛ۫ۧ۠۬ۨۚۚۗۚۘۚۚۚۖۢۢ۟۫۫ۢ۬ۖ۠۫ۚۙۤۢۘۖۘۙۜ۟۫ۛۡ۬ۧۖۛۚۨۢۗ۟ۘۖۧۗۖۖ۫ۚۚۗۚۙۧ۠ۧۘۛۤ۫ۙۚۨ۠ۡ۠ۜۡ۟ۖۙۗۨۤۡۘۡ۬ۡ۟ۘۘۜۖۧۢ۟۬ۜۤۧۤۙ۬ۘۚۘۤ۫ۧۧ۬ۛۚۚۘۤۢۡ۟ۙ۫۟ۨ۟ۜۗۛۖۧۘ۟ۗۛ۬ۙۚۛۡۗۗۚ۫۠ۖۘ۫ۧۗۖۙۢۚۧۜۖۢۤۡۢۗۗۚۛۙ۫ۘۢۛۖۤۤۢۙۨۨۙۡۖ۫ۖۤۙ۟ۧ۫۠ۨۢۛۡۗۜۨۢۨ۟ۢ۬ۘ۫۫ۧۛۜ۠ۤۚۗۘۘۘۙۡۚۨ۫ۖۚۖۛۘ۟۫ۢۙۗۗۘۘ۬۫ۙۡ۠ۘۚۜۨۙ۫ۖۗۖۚ۠ۘ۠ۨۡۨۨۢۤ۫ۖۘۢ۠ۨۛ۟۠۫ۨ۠ۘۤ۬ۡۙۤۡۙۙۛ۠ۜۙۗۧ۬ۡ۬ۨۙۛۧ۬۠۬ۧۡ۬ۙ۫ۡۜۚۡۜۨ۠ۖۧۧۡۙۧ۬۫ۤۨۘ۠ۤ۫ۘۗۙ۟۠ۨ۬۟ۙۗۛۗۖ۟ۙ۟۠ۤ۠ۛۘ۫ۗۙۜۙۜۗۨۧۨۘ۬ۢۡۚۨۖۖۘۗۖۨۡۧۙۡۖ۫ۤۙۙ۟۬ۘۨ۠۫ۧۙۢ۫ۨ۠ۛۛۨۙ۬ۙ۫۠ۡۘۧۖۖۨ۫ۜۘ۠ۘۖۙۖ۬ۨۗۗۨۢ۠ۨۧۡ۠ۛۙۘۗۨۛ۫ۜ۠ۚۖۚ۫۬ۤۖۢۡۡۢۚ۠۫۬۠ۗۜۗ۟ۚۛۙ۬۠ۤ۠ۗۖۜۨۧۢ۟ۨۤۜۖ۫ۜۖۘۨۢۙۧۙۢۘ۬۬ۨ۠ۡۢۢۨ۟ۙۜۙۙ۟۫ۧۨۖ۫ۢۧ۬۟ۨ۫ۛۛۧ۫۫ۚۤ۫۠ۜۘۢۙ۬۬ۙۜۚۖۤ۟ۢ۟۠ۡۘ۫ۢۜۜۖۨۤۖ۬ۡ۟ۢۛۨۨۖ۟۫ۨ۬۬۫ۘ۫ۢ۠ۚ۠ۨۡۤۛۨۤۜۤۗۛۨۢ۫ۚۗۡۧۨۜۙۡ۬ۖ۬۠ۜ۠۠ۧ۟ۨۧ۟ۧ۟ۤۤ۫ۚۖۗۘۚۗۛۡۤۙ۬ۛۤۜۜ۫ۤۨۖ۫ۤۡۚۘۘۤۡ۬۠ۖ۬۫ۧۨ۟۟ۧ۠ۤۖ۫ۚۡۡ۟۟ۢۙۘۢۗۤۨ۠ۖۨ۬ۘۡۡۤۡۨ۠ۘ۫ۡۤۧۙ۟ۖۗۨۗ۫ۘۙ۠ۖ۟ۨۘۗۤۖۢۙۘۙ۫ۧۙۘۤۤۖ۠۬۟۫ۛ۬ۧۡ۠ۢ۫ۨۚ۫ۤ۠ۤۚۤۜۗ۫ۗۛۚۤ۫ۧۡۖۡۗۖ۟ۜ۟ۛۧۡۧ۫ۨ۬ۛۡۖۢۡۛۙۡ۬ۤۧ۠۟۟ۗۛۤۙۡۖۖۙۨۤۙ۫ۖۙۗ۫۠۫ۢۤۧۤ۟ۡۢۘۤۙۚۡۛ۫ۛۖۚۖۨ۠ۨ۠ۚۢۖ۫۬ۨۨۧۖۜ۟ۨۛ۫ۧۤۢۗۡۘۛۚۧۨۤۤ۬۠ۖ۫ۘۘۛۜ۫ۨۖۨۨۚ۠ۚۖۘۜ۬ۨ۠ۜۧۡۢۗۗ۫ۨۙۤ۫ۘۚۗۛ۬ۛۡ۫ۖۘۨ۫ۜۨۧ۠ۙ۟۠ۜۤۙ۟۫ۙۢۢۛ۟ۖۧۧۙۡۛۙۘ۬ۘۤۚۛۧۤۤ۫ۢۙۧۚۚۛۙۙۖۗۜ۟۟ۗ۫ۨۗۜۤ۠ۛۧ۟ۛۘۖ۠ۗۤ۠۟ۧۤۤ۟ۤۢۘۖۖۙ۟۬ۚۤ۠ۗ۠ۢ۫ۘۨۗۡۧۗ۬ۢ۬ۢ۫ۘ۬ۨۜۖ۬ۡۢ۟ۢۡۖۜۡۨۨۨۖۚ۫ۨۤۨۘۖۚۤۙۗ۬ۢۜۛۘ۠ۜۢۧۜ۬ۛۡ۟ۖۘۙۗ۟ۢۛۢۛۗۡ۟ۡۧ۫ۧ۠ۨۢ۟ۘۜۢۙۛۤۡۖۚ۬ۡ۟ۗۡۡۙۚۙ۟ۨۗۤۢ۟ۨۙۤۢۨۧۢ۠۬ۧۚۢۚۙۚۛۖ۟ۚۨۘ۬ۘۛۖۘۙۨۤۨۨۤ۠ۤۖۧ۫ۚۨۜۢۨۚ۟۠ۨۖۜ۠۬۫۠۫۫ۢۛۢ۠ۤۤۨ۬ۢۙۜ۟ۧۡۚۢۧ۬۬ۤ۠۠۫ۨۡ۫ۤۧ۫۠ۡۙۢۨۙ۬۬ۖۜۨۛۛۖۢۛۡۙ۠ۗۤ۫۠۟ۘۚۙ۬ۖۢۚ۫ۘۤۜۤۡ۠ۚۢ۟ۙۛ۫۫ۜۚۢۧۙۗۜ۠ۚۗ۟ۡۧۢۖۛۗۢۙۚ۫۠ۜۛۢ۟ۗۖۧۡ۬ۖۡۖ۟۠ۜۨۨۗۨۡۡۛۡۨۤۧۘ۠ۘ۫ۛۡۙ۫ۖۨۘ۠ۧۗۨۚۧۖ۟ۤ۟۬ۜ۠ۜۢ۠۠۠ۜ۠۫ۚۤۨۛۘۛۙ۬ۘۗ۫ۖۜۡۖ۠ۤۜۗۜ۠۬ۤۨ۬۫ۛۛۨۢۡۗ۫۬ۡۚۖ۬ۨۘ۬ۘۜۚۚۚۛ۬۠ۨۜۧۙۚۧۡ۟ۨۢۚۖ۫ۜۛ۬ۘۧۗۖۚۚ۬ۖۨۨۧۙۢۙۛۗۧ۠ۙۛۚۧۨۘۤ۠ۘۛۘۘۤ۟ۙۘۜۨۨۛۘ۟ۧۜۧۨۡ۫۠ۛۛ۫ۤ۟ۙ۬ۚ۠ۖۨ۬ۖۨۛۛ۠ۛ۬ۖۗۜ۬ۙۧۢۜۢۡۧۙ۠۫ۨۘۗۘۜۡۢۛۢۛۗۚۚ۬ۜۧ۬ۗ۠ۗۚۛۛۧۚۨۙۘ۟ۖۤۙۤۚۜۗۖ۫ۗۤۜۖۘۙ۬ۡ۠۠ۖۡۙۙۗۨۢ۟ۗۗ۬ۗۛۗۘۖ۟۬ۢ۟۠۫۬ۗۜۨۧۡۗ۠ۛۜۢۧۧۛۙۢ۫۬ۡۧۧۡۖۢ۠ۨ۬ۙۧۗ۠ۗۗ۬ۡۜۘۗۚ۠ۘ۫ۜۨ۟۫ۡۡۖ۬ۧ۠ۚۤۧ۫ۜۙۡ۠۫ۢ۠ۤۛۡ۬ۧۨ۫۠ۧۛۙۘۧۨۜۗۧ۠۟ۜۨۙ۬ۨۨۤ۬۟ۗۛ۟ۡۨ۫ۜۚۨ۬ۨۖۘۢ۟ۜۧ۠۬ۤۘ۫۬ۢۤۡۢۘۨۙۗۚۤ۫ۤۢۜۘۢۗ۠ۗۙۚۢ۬۟۟ۜۤۢۜۗۛۢ۠ۤۖۡۧۨ۬۟ۙۤۖۡۢۛۙۘۢۜۗۛۨ۟ۗۜ۫ۤۛۜ۠ۘۙ۟۫ۤ۟ۡۗۜۡۜۨۚ۠ۢۖۛۛۨ۠ۖ۠ۛۚۖۚۧۗۤۡۢۘۚۘۜۧ۫ۧ۠۠ۢۤ۫ۖ۫۠۟ۗۖۜ۟ۧۙۗ۬ۨۨ۫ۤۗ۫ۜۡۢۤۖۧۡۨ۟۫ۖۧۡ۬۫ۛۡ۬۟ۘۚۤ۫ۖۡۜ۟ۘۧ۠۠ۗ۫ۘۜۢۨۚۚ۬۠ۗ۫ۧۚۚ۫ۤۙ۫۫ۜۨۢ۫ۖۚۗۚۙ۫۫ۘۘۨۤۚ۫ۙۗ۫ۨۢ۬ۙۛۨۙ۠ۢۜ۟ۚۙۚۖۡۢ۬ۙۨۢۖۡۢۢۧ۫ۘۧۢۛ۫۠ۤۗۛ۫ۡۤ۫ۢۖۜۛۘۨۖۡۡ۫۬ۗۡۚۡۨۗۘۙۜۤۚ۬ۧۧ۠ۧۧۡۗۗۗۙۜۧ۫۫۠۬ۖۤۤۡۖۡ۟ۛۢۛۖ۠ۡ۬ۚۤۧ۟ۙ۫ۧ۫ۡۤۧ۟ۛۚ۠۫ۜ۬ۧ۫۬ۨۡۜۜ۟ۚۢ۠۫۠ۛۙۙۛۚۧۖۘۖۛۛ۟ۨۚۛۖۚۘۨ۬۠ۧۘۢ۫۫۟ۨۨۧ۫ۚۖۡۖۤۛۖ۫ۖۙۨۖ۠ۡۛۛ۠ۜۖۡ۫ۖۤۤۚۛۖۡۡ۬ۧۤۘۚۗۜۛ۬ۤ۫۫ۜۙ۠ۧ۫ۚۗۚۛۖ۠ۨۨۚۙۧۨۖۛۛۘۜ۟ۗۗ۠ۤۖ۟ۘۢ۬ۡۖۜۗۘۖۚۛ۟ۡۚۨۖۤۤۚۨۡۤۜ۫ۡ۬ۨۢۧۜۨ۫ۨ۬۫ۨۧۧۨۗۗۢ۫۟۫ۚۛ۟ۜۘۧ۟ۗ۟ۨۧۢۖۚۙۜۤۘۗ۠ۘۧ۠۠ۘۛۢ۫ۧۙۗۛۤۢ۠ۜۘۗۧۡ۠ۤۗۚۢۨۖۨۖۖ۫۟ۛ۫ۤۢۗ۟۟ۖۙۖۤۛۜۤ۠ۡۢۡۙ۟۠ۧۢۗ۟ۙۢۧۢ۟ۢ۟ۡ۬ۗۛۚ۠۬ۚۚۘۧ۟ۡ۫ۙۧۜۡۨۗۚۤ۬ۛ۫ۛۖۡ۬ۨۚۛ۫۫۟۫ۢۡۢۤۙۖۡۘۨ۠ۧۘۘۢۚ۬ۙۤ۫۬۬ۧ۬۬ۧ۬ۚۤۤۖۧۢۗ۠۟ۘۧۘۙۗۖ۟۬ۨ۠ۤ۟ۜۜۢۨۨۙۢۛ۫۫ۚ۟ۤۗ۫ۤۨۚۜۘۢۜۙۛ۫ۧۜۚ۠ۚۜۛۡۨۛۘۨۙ۬ۖۘۜۗۚۤۛۤۨۘۡۘۢۜۤ۟ۗۙۖ۟ۧ۫ۘۛۙ۟ۢۡۖۧۗۛ۠ۛۚۛۛۖ۠۟ۨۛۧۧۙ۬ۤ۟ۘۘۤۡۛۧۧۧۤۙۖ۟ۜۘۧۚۘۡۗۜ۠ۗۚۢۜۚۗۧۡۛۤ۬۠ۧۖۘ۟ۨۢۤۡۨۖۙۖۛۘ۫ۗۛۙۢ۬ۛۗۢۤۜۗۖۢ۫ۛۜۖۢ۫۫ۜۙۡۡ۟ۧۡۘۗۛۢ۠ۢ۫ۙۢۤ۬ۨۘ۫ۖۖۙۛ۬ۜۢ۠ۗۤ۟ۜۚۙۜۖۢۡۧۙۘۚۗ۟۬ۛۢۘۡ۟۠۠ۚۨۜۗ۬ۖۨۤۧۚۘۡۘۙ۬ۧ۬ۨۖۖۧۗۘۧۖۚ۠ۚ۟ۙۢۧۨۢۗۡ۠ۢۢۡۤۢۚۛۗۙ۫ۙ۬ۙۤۖۚ۫۠ۘۢۤۨۧۘ۠ۖ۠ۧۙۨۨۛۖۛۛ۠ۤ۫ۨ۫۠ۖۛۜۤۚۙ۟ۢۗۧۤ۠ۧۚۢ۟ۙ۬ۙۨ۬۠ۙۛۖۖۨۧ۟ۢ۟۬ۧۨۙۡۖۤۨۗۚۡ۫۫ۚۤ۬ۤۜ۬۠ۤ۫ۢ۬۬ۜ۟۫ۡۢۙ۬ۛۛۧ۟ۧۤۨۚۡۜۙۘۜۜ۠ۛۚۖۨۘۨۜۨۚۚۙ۬۬۬ۡۜۤ۫ۤۛ۠۟ۛۖۤۖۘۢۛ۫ۧۗۖۧۡ۫ۜۤۡۘ۬ۜۡ۟ۖ۠ۗۘ۠ۨۡ۫ۡۚۙۤ۟ۧۙۧۡۜ۟ۗ۠ۗۨۡۛ۟۬ۜۡ۬ۡۘۚۙۨۨ۬ۛۙۖۢۤۛۛ۬ۜۗ۬ۖۖۤۢۨ۠ۚۚۧۖۛ۫ۧ۟۠ۤۡۗۧ۠ۨ۫ۗۡۜۜۘۙۚ۟ۖۙۘۖۤۗۨۧ۠۫ۨۘۘۖۚۧۢۗۢ۫ۛۙۚۚۗۤۜۨۗۙ۬۠ۙۨۙۛۚ۫ۛۧ۟ۚ۟ۚۚۖ۟ۘ۬ۖۘ۫۟ۜۜۡۖۤ۬ۧۘۚۢ۟ۜ۫ۢۨۧۨۧۙۘۧۖۖ۬ۧۖۢۨۛ۫۟۟ۗۧۚ۫ۖۨ۫ۡ۟۟ۧۧۖۛۜۡۨ۠۬ۤۨ۠۟ۤ۟ۧۡۨۢۚۘۜ۫ۛۤۡ۟ۨ۟ۤۘۚۘۨۙۙۤۘۧۤ۟ۙۙۚۢۗ۟۬ۖ۠ۜۢۗۛۙۛۤۘۙۛۤۖ۠۫ۧۡۜۖۢ۫ۘ۠ۤۘ۠ۚۡۚ۬ۜۡۙۨۢۨۢۢۖۧۛۛۙۜۜۜۘۜۘۛ۠ۙۙۖۢۤۘۢ۫ۖ۟ۙۨۜۛۛۘۜۜۡۧۘۘۖ۫ۨۜ۠ۜۢۛۜۗ۠۠ۨۗۜۢ۠ۛۢۚۙۧۛۤۨ۟ۗۜۗۤۢۡ۠ۢۜۛۧۛۨۡۤۙۙۤۗۜۢۚ۫ۙۖۨۗۘۙۙۨۨۙ۬ۤ۫ۙۛۗۧۘۡ۠ۧ۟ۜۘۨۙۡ۠ۧۧ۬ۧۙۨۨۘ۫ۛ۫ۘ۬ۖۤ۬ۤۡۛۚ۫۬ۙۜۨ۠ۢ۫ۤۘۨ۫ۨۖ۠۬ۡۛۛۚۧۗۘۧۙۗ۬ۤۧۚ۫ۧۖ۬ۜۚۛ۫ۛۜۚۗ۫ۛۢۘۘۤ۠۟ۡۧۧ۫ۧ۫ۧۙۙۜ۬ۛۘۢۡۙ۠ۘۗۧۗۛ۬ۗۛۖۤۨ۠۠ۤۨۘ۫ۗ۠ۚۖۙ۬ۛۚۛۨۗۙۨۙۗۜۘۧۜۘۜۘ۫۠ۖ۠۟ۚۧۨ۫۠ۡۘۡ۟ۡۙۢ۟ۧۙۗۢ۬ۤۛۗۙۢۖۡ۫ۧۢۤۚۜۢۢۜۛۤ۫ۚۢ۟ۡۛۖ۫۫ۛۤ۠ۖ۫ۡۘۤۤۤۖۧۨۜۧ۬ۜۨۜۜ۟ۢ۠۫ۤۛ۬ۤۡ۬ۛ۟۫ۢ۬ۜۛ۠ۗ۠۟ۨۗ۟ۚۘۜۘ۫۟۠۠ۚۚۢۨۖ۬ۤ۠ۛ۬ۤۗۚ۬۟۠ۨ۫ۛۜۘ۠۬ۘ۟ۧۙ۬ۖۨۛۜۛ۟ۘۙۙ۬ۖۤۢ۬ۛۜۙ۠۫۬ۤۢۡۡۘۗۚۘۘ۠۫ۙۧۛ۠ۖۚۚۙۘۤۛۘۜ۫ۘۧۙۗ۬۬ۡۤ۟ۙ۬۬ۙ۫ۢۡۘۚ۫ۖۗۤۢ۠ۜۤۡ۠۟۟۫ۜ۠ۖ۠۫ۧۧ۟۠ۡۗ۬۫ۧۗ۟ۗ۠ۨۘ۬ۨ۬ۤۨۚ۫ۗ۠۟ۚۢۛۡۖۗۙۧۗ۟ۤۤ۟ۧۢ۫ۗ۫ۧۜۤۘ۬ۜۙۨۙۙۖ۠ۚۖۛۛۖۛۘۡۧ۟۫ۢۛۡۚۜۙۙ۬۬ۨ۟ۨۢۢۧ۠ۗۗۢ۟۬۠ۙۛۚۛ۫ۗۘۖۚۛۨۗۢۧ۬ۙۧ۠۟ۢ۠۠۠ۛۜۤۚۘۘۜۡ۫ۖۡ۠ۖۡۖ۬ۖۜۡ۬ۤ۫ۚۡۧۗ۠ۖ۬ۜ۫ۙۢۛۤۤ۟ۜۜۡۢۛۙ۬ۢۡۢۚۛۗۖ۬۬۫ۘۗۡۡ۫ۡۚۧ۠ۚۘۧ۠ۖۜ۠ۜۡۚ۟۟ۤۧۚۤۚۡۙۗۡ۠ۛ۬ۜۗ۬ۙۜۡۧ۫ۙ۫ۘۤۙۜۚۨۙ۟ۚۜ۫ۡۚ۫۟ۛۙۧ۠ۧۚۨ۠۠ۢۚ۬ۡ۟۬ۚ۫ۚۨۨۨۧۙ۫۬ۛۨۢۤۧۤۤۘ۬ۖۘۢۢۖ۬ۤۗ۬۬ۗ۬ۛۧۡۡ۫ۚۢۧۛ۬۬۬ۛۤۤۚۧ۬۠ۚۡۤۨۙۢۢۙۡۨ۟ۗۛۡۗ۬۬ۤۜۧ۟۫ۛۨۡۜۛۡۙ۫۠ۨۢۛ۫۟۬ۨۖۗۤۛۚۚۚۧۤۨۚۡۨۤۨ۟ۨۧۡۜۢۤۛ۠ۘۢۚۚۘۤۗۜۨۨۗۤۢۚۧۧ۟۫ۙ۬ۢۗۨۧ۬۬ۢۢ۟ۨۨۘ۬ۨ۠۠۫ۙۖ۠۟ۤۚ۟ۡۘۧۗۘۤۙ۬ۚۧ۠ۧۤۨ۟۫ۜۖۢۡۖ۟ۨۖ۬ۤۘۜۨۜۡۖۗ۬ۛۛۛ۫ۤ۟ۢۗۤ۠ۙۛ۫۬۬۟ۙ۟ۚۡۙۙۜۛۚۜۙ۟ۡۤۚۙ۟۟۫ۜ۬۠ۖۘ۟ۡۙۙۚۚ۟ۤ۟ۧۧۙۛۡ۫ۛۨۜ۟ۤۢۢۜۡ۫ۖۢۘۛ۬۠ۘۧۤ۬ۨۗۤ۬۟ۢ۫ۢ۫ۘ۠ۘ۫۫ۜۜۨ۠ۨۛۡ۬۟ۡۡۨۛ۟۠ۘۧۛۢۗۡۢۜۙۧۛۨۖۛۛۨۙ۫ۖۡۨۚۡۚۘۧۗۖ۠۬۬ۡۙۛۚ۬ۚۨ۬۟ۨۗۜۗۡۡ۬۫ۗۙ۬ۚۗ۠۬۬ۖۖ۬۠ۚۧۤۛۤۚۙۜۘۧ۠۫ۗۙۗۢۤۗۘۘۛ۠۬ۛۧۘۗ۠ۛۧۨۧۗۡۚ۟۬۬ۡۛۚۛۨۤ۫ۡۖ۫۟ۘۚۛ۫ۨۢۧۤۢۡۢ۫ۧۨۖۚ۫۫ۧ۟ۧ۬ۜۗ۠ۜۜۡۖۨۜۘۜۗ۟۠ۗۖۖ۟ۤ۬ۤۧۙۗ۫ۨۧۢۚۘۗۡۢ۟ۘۜۧ۫ۙۙۗۘۤۜۜ۬ۖۡۧ۫ۙۜ۬ۙۘۘۢۖۚۙۡۛۨۙۜۡ۬۟۫ۖ۟ۜۛ۫ۙۜۡۢ۠ۧۛۨۜۙۡۛۨۧ۟ۖ۠۫ۖ۬۠ۨۗۢۛۚۨۚۡۡۨ۠ۜۨ۬۠ۖۤۜۜۘۙ۬ۗۗۚۡۘ۬ۙۧۚۛ۫ۨۡۘۨ۠ۛۗۨ۫ۢۢۡۨۖۧ۟ۗۨۢۤۖۘ۟۫ۘۨۘۜۢۜ۠ۢۘۙۗۢۛۢۚۧ۟۟۫ۙ۟ۚۖ۟ۤۡۡ۠ۙۡۛ۟ۜۖ۫۫ۚ۬ۚۘ۠ۖۡۖۧۛۡۚۜۨ۟۟ۧۗ۬ۢۤۨۡۤ۬ۙۨۜۗۛ۠ۗۤ۟۟۟ۛۙ۫ۙۛۚۜۖۜۗ۟ۙۨ۠ۤۖۘۤۙۨۛ۬ۛۘۗۘۜۖۚۛ۬۬ۗۖۛۛ۬ۜۡۧۘۛۚ۠ۧۢۖۧ۬ۚۗۜۡۜۘۧ۬ۨۛۘۗۙۤۖ۠ۙ۬۟ۗۜۖۡۧۜۛۢۧۤۡۖۖۗۜۧ۠ۘۜۛۚۗ۟ۡۤۗۧ۬ۤۡۢۗۗۢۘ۠ۙۤۚۧۧ۫۫ۗ۠ۡۢۢ۠ۚۙۧۢۛۢۗۛۙ۫ۧۚ۟ۙۖۢۧ۬ۧۤ۟۫ۛ۫ۛۗۛۙ۟ۙۧۢۧۗۤ۟ۙ۫ۢۢۗۚ۠ۖۢ۟ۧ۬ۜۧۗۢۘۗۢۚۜۢۜ۠ۖۤ۬۟۫ۧ۠ۡۜۜ۬ۜ۟ۖۛۚۜ۠ۧۗ۬ۤ۬ۧۧ۫۠ۨۙۢۚۚۜۡۚۧۨۙۧۤۗۙۘۘۡ۬ۗ۫ۖۢۙۡۗۧۖ۟ۡۡۗ۬ۘ۠ۨ۠۠ۤۨۛۜۜۚ۟ۘۖ۠ۙ۟ۨۨۖ۫ۛ۬۟۠ۙۡۗۛۜ۟ۘ۟ۢ۫ۡۘۢۢۢۧۨۡ۫ۘۤۨۙۨۨ۟۠ۜۧۛۡۧ۠ۚۧۘۚۡۡ۫۠ۗۧۘ۫ۛ۟ۗۗۡۧۧۡۘۖۘۧۙۘۙ۠ۡۢ۠ۨۡۘۛۙ۠ۧۧۡۙۗ۫ۨۧۗ۠۫ۨ۫ۖۙۛۡۚۢۗۜ۬۠ۚۢۖۖ۬ۘۖۙۡۢ۟ۨۢۤۖۨۢۛۛۚۗ۬ۧ۬ۧۗۨ۠ۨ۠۟ۗ۬ۤۤ۫ۢ۫ۜ۫ۖ۫ۙۜۙۧ۠ۚ۠۫۬ۡۧۡۚ۟ۙۘ۟ۖۨ۬۠ۢۙ۠۟۫ۜۤ۫ۨۖۚۙۨۡۘۤۡۨ۠ۙ۬۬ۧۡۚ۫ۡ۫ۘۤۢۢۢۙ۠۬ۧۛۜۘۙۘۛ۫ۗۡۡۛۚۘۡۘۤۙۚۡۨۤۧ۫ۚۤۜۖۘۨ۟ۤ۟ۧۛۧ۬ۚۗ۠ۖۙۡۨۤۧۨۤۨ۠ۗۛۜۛۨۚۘۢۧۗۧۛۛۙۧۢۖۗۤۢ۟۟ۘۛۢۜ۬۫۠۫۫۠ۚۘۛۜ۬ۤۘۨۡۛۗۖۤ۠ۗ۬ۨ۟ۨ۠۬ۢۢۛۛۚ۬ۡۜۡۘۨۙۤۖۗۧۧۖۘ۬ۤۜۙۡۢۖ۠۠ۤۧۗۡۘ۬ۡۤۡۖۘۢ۬ۘۛۨۢۜ۠ۨۤ۟ۙۗۖۙۧۘۙۘۗۧۖۘۗ۟ۤۡ۠ۗۛۤۘ۟ۢ۫ۛ۬۫ۙۤۡۧ۟۟۠ۗ۫۠۫۬ۗۗ۟ۗۜۡۛ۬ۡۙۙۤ۟ۛۗۧۡۧۗۨ۫ۡ۠۠۟۬ۖۚۜۙ۫۟ۘۗ۫۠ۡۨۗ۬ۚۜ۟ۤۗۗۖۖۧۤ۬ۖۘۙۡ۫ۧ۠ۜ۟ۤۜۙ۠ۛ۬ۨۘۧ۠۬ۖۙۛۖۚۢۢۗۢۢۡۧ۠۫ۚ۠ۡۢۤ۬۫ۚۡۚۛۡ۠ۨۙۘ۠۟ۛ۟ۤ۠۬ۙۡۘۙۤ۠ۤ۫ۧ۫ۚۡۨۘۨۢ۫ۖ۠۬ۙۛۚۨۗ۟۬۬ۢۛۜۘۗ۟ۧۙ۫ۤۢ۬ۧۛ۫۬ۜ۠ۙۜۤۤ۟ۡ۠ۤۤۜۘۨۖۘۗ۬ۨۘۢ۠ۨۧ۠ۙ۫ۧۤۘ۟ۖۡۜۧۖۛۘۨۤۤۘ۫ۛۡۚ۟۠ۤۗۗۢ۟ۛۗۨۨۖۨۛ۬ۖۛۖ۠ۢۡۢ۬ۗۙۨۧۤۡۗۗ۠ۗ۬۬ۛۖۡۡ۟۟ۤۛۤ۫ۗۙۧۡۨۢۧۤۤۜ۫ۤۛ۬ۤۙۜۖ۟۫۬۟ۨ۠ۗۛۧۤۖۧۧ۠۟ۘۢۛۚۗۨۖ۫ۢۢۡۤۚۡۘۗۡۧ۟ۖۢ۬۫ۧۖۢۜۙۜۤۙۨ۫ۚۛۚۤۨۤۗۤ۫۫ۜۚۚۙ۬ۙۗ۬۫ۤۗۖۚۨۜۜۧۜۜۜۢۖۛۢۧۜۚۘۢ۫۟۟ۖۗۛ۟ۜۚۙۖۨۜۨۛۗ۬۫ۤۙ۫ۙۧۜۛ۫ۨۜۘ۫ۤۙۤۤۘۘۢۡۖۢۤۧۚۤۡ۟ۙۘۡۖۘۙ۫ۤۤ۟ۜ۟ۢۨۧۗ۬ۜۜۢ۠ۢۙ۟ۢۧۚۡ۠ۡۘۢۚۤ۠۠ۗۖۜۙۙۧۧۙ۫۫ۢ۠ۛ۟ۧۜۢۚۚۨۚۢ۠۟ۡۤۤ۠ۢۘۤۛ۫ۜۘ۟ۛۤۙۖۡۗۛۚۙۜۤ۬۠ۨۧۘۨۖ۫ۤۤۙۗ۠ۢۗۜۙۗ۠ۗۚۤۢۘۘ۟ۖۛۚۘۚۤۨۛ۠ۨۛ۬ۖۗۨۚۙ۬ۖۨۧۗۗۜ۠۬۫۬ۘۡۤ۟ۜۢۜۗۘۗۙۡۛ۬ۨۜ۟ۢۡۧۢۗ۫ۗۖ۫۬ۙ۬۫۫ۙۜۤۖۧ۬ۛۙ۠ۢۧۢ۟ۡۚ۟ۙۙۨ۫۟۟۫۬ۡۤ۟ۡۘ۫ۘۡ۫ۢۡۜۜۧ۠ۚۚۧۙۨۖ۫ۨۨ۠۠ۜ۠ۜۗۛۚ۫۫۫ۘۡۗۨۡۤۢۛۡ۠ۗ۠۟ۤۙ۬ۡۛۧ۠ۢ۠ۙۛۤۙۚۜۢۙۖۛۙۖ۟ۛۜۚ۠ۤۡ۫ۙۢۡۛ۠ۗ۟ۜۜۧۗۨ۬ۙۜۗ۬ۢۨۚۖۘۛۤۨۘۡ۫ۚ۬ۖۧۤۚ۠ۚ۠۫ۗۘۢۚۗۤۨۡۤۙۘ۬۟ۤۚۘۨۙ۟ۚۗۖ۟۟۫۟۟ۤ۠۬۟۫ۗۡ۬۬ۙۘۚۘ۟ۢۙ۠۬ۚۨۛۖۤ۟ۙۙۖۚۚۤۢۡۤۙۙۗۖۙۛۡۘۤۙۗۧۜۧۤۗۧ۫۠ۧ۬ۢۜۢۛۖ۫ۗۧۜۤۗۢۖ۬ۜۨۜۜۡۖۨ۟ۗۜۡۗۨ۟ۢۛۚۚۗۙۘ۟ۢۧۗۡۖۖۧ۬۟ۗۢۗۤۤۢۢۚ۠ۗۙۜۖۚۤۚۚۗۨۧۙۜۡۧۖۡۙ۠ۤ۫ۜۢۤۢۚۧ۬ۧۤۙ۟ۢ۟ۡۤۘۚۜ۟۫ۚۚۜۗۡۗۘۨ۟ۜۘۨۡ۫ۡ۟ۢ۫۬ۙۖ۫۫ۤ۫ۛ۠ۨۗۖ۬ۜۖ۫ۧۗۜۢۤۖۤۨۧ۫ۘ۫۫۠ۤ۬ۗ۠ۘ۬ۗۖۡۤۗۡۨۨ۟ۤ۠ۧۛۡۤ۠ۜۛ۫۫ۜ۠ۘۡۤ۬۬ۤۧۧ۠ۨۛ۟ۙۚۗۢۘۜۙۙۜۡ۟ۢ۟ۙ۬ۡ۬ۛۚۙۢۙۡۢۙۛۖۧۙ۟ۧ۟ۧۛۡۢۚۨۨ۬ۧۙ۟ۢۡۜۤۡ۬ۖۖۛۖ۟ۗۖۚۨۖ۫ۨۚۖۧ۠ۖۛۤ۫ۙۛۚ۬ۘ۠ۡۤۡۚۢ۟ۤ۬ۖۤۡۨۢۘ۟ۙۧۖۨۨۢ۠ۘۘ۫ۘۙ۬ۚ۬ۢ۫ۨۖۗۙۙۤ۟ۧۗۡۗۡ۫ۘۨۧ۠ۨۗۖۤۤۜ۠ۘۧۤۨۚۜۙۨۗ۠ۤ۠ۗۡۚۧۢۜ۠ۛۜۚ۫ۛۗ۬ۗۚۤ۬۠ۙۧۛۙ۫ۤۧ۬ۚ۫۬ۤۖۗۚ۬ۡۡۜۙۖۖۛ۠۬ۚۚۚۨۛ۟ۘۡۘ۟۫ۨۘۢۡۢ۟ۛ۠۟۬ۛۨ۬ۧۨ۬ۜۚ۫ۜ۫ۙۢۧۘ۠ۙۧۡۙۚۡ۟ۨۖۗۛۙۙۨۨۘۡۛۨۘ۠ۜۨۢۜۢۙۤۧۨۚۢۨۜۤۚۜۖۗۚۘۗۜ۟ۢۗ۟ۡۙۛۗۡۙۜۨۜۙۘۘۗۘۘۧۖۜ۟ۗ۠ۡۢۖ۫ۛۤۡۨ۬۫ۚۢۚ۫ۗۙ۫ۧۧ۟ۨۤۤ۬ۜۖۛۤۧ۠ۗۜۡ۟ۚۚۜ۠ۙۗۛ۫ۡۨۘ۠ۢۜۙۛ۫ۛ۠ۛۛۚۡ۬ۢۢۖۤۖۛۜۙۙۘ۫ۡۚ۬ۤ۫ۗۚۖ۟ۚۚۜۛ۟۠ۖۗۛۚۖۘۖۢۚۢۖۨۡۨ۟ۜۢ۠ۗۚۘۖ۟ۨۨ۬ۘ۟ۢۚۡۗۤ۠۟ۡۛۛۛ۠ۜۘ۠ۛۙ۟ۢۗ۫ۙۜۘۜۜ۫ۨ۠۠ۧۡۨۜۖۗۛۚۗ۫ۘۧ۠ۙ۠ۡۛۙۖۖۧۘۖ۟ۛ۟ۚۜۡۧ۫ۚۡ۟ۨ۟۠ۤۜ۬ۨۜ۠ۡۡۗ۬۠ۛۚۖۘۧۖۢۨۛۜۚۨۨۙۖ۠ۨۧۛۜۧ۬۟ۗ۠ۙۖ۠ۤۛ۟۬ۘۗۧۛۘ۠ۢۛ۟ۡۡ۫ۛۖۨۤۙ۬ۜۙ۫ۘۘۡۨۙۙ۠۠ۢ۠۬ۙۛۡۨۤۖۤۙۤۨۗۖ۬۠ۜ۫ۗ۫ۨۙۗۚ۠ۘۘۘۖۛۜ۟ۢۜ۫ۜ۬۠ۤۧۜۛۧۛۧۢۗ۬ۘۚ۬ۤ۟ۛۡۗ۬ۡۢۛۢ۠۟۟ۡ۫ۨۘۜۧۧۨۖۡۢۤۗ۬ۙ۠۠ۙۖ۠ۧۘۢۡۚۤۡۛۛۘ۠ۧۖۗۨۗۤۨۙۛۤۧۖ۟۠ۖۚۚۢۡۧۖۘ۟ۖ۬ۙ۬ۙ۫ۖۧۙۜۗۙۧ۠ۘۤ۬ۖ۬۫۬ۘۜۜۘۤۢۧۧ۫ۛ۟ۙۢۛۗۡ۫ۧۤۢۘۖۤۘۙ۬ۙۢۚۘۙۧۖۛ۟ۙ۠۬ۜۘۗۧۜۢۧ۠ۛ۫ۢۤۘ۟۬ۧۘ۫ۘ۬ۡۧۜۗ۫ۡۡۛ۫ۡۨۛۧۡۨۜۡ۬ۛۧۖۚۖۙ۟ۤۧ۠ۙۘۡۜۖۡۚۙ۠ۡۛۘۙۚۢ۟ۗۢۜۤۙۛ۬ۢۨ۠ۚ۠ۘۢ۬۠۠ۚۘ۠ۨۖۘۙۙ۟ۖۛۗ۠ۚۢۜ۟ۧۧۖۡۨۡ۫۬ۛۡۖ۫۟ۡۡۛ۠ۜۚ۫ۘ۬ۧ۫ۛ۠ۤۘۛ۠ۙ۠ۗ۠ۢۗۙۙۛ۟ۤۘۡۗۖ۬ۛۢۗۙ۟۫ۡ۫ۧ۬۬ۛۧۡ۫ۜۙ۫ۨۗۙ۬ۙۗۖۡۛۢ۠۬۫ۡۗۖۜۛۘۧۜ۟ۧ۬ۤۙۘۤۖۛۜۖۢۡۙۘۘۘۢۗۡۙ۟ۖۗ۟۠ۚۢ۫۟ۘ۠ۖ۫ۧۡۤۖ۬ۢۢ۬ۡۘۢ۬ۙۢۤۘ۠ۘۙۗۘۖۤۘۡۗۗ۟ۛۙ۠ۖۧۢۙۢۜۘۜۜۤۖ۫ۚۗۢۜۜ۫ۛۙۧ۠ۖۙ۬۠ۢۛۘۤۗۢۡۤۢ۫۬۟ۜۜۨۗۤۙۨۗ۟ۧۖۨۨۤ۫ۨۤۘۙۘۚۛۡۢۤۙۙۡۗۧ۠ۤ۠ۛ۫۬ۘۖۘ۬۬ۧۨ۫ۡ۠ۢۗۚۚ۬ۨۡۙۧۙ۟ۢۨۨۖۢ۬ۙۨ۬ۖ۬ۧ۟۬ۡ۠ۜ۠ۜۨۢۚ۠۠ۚ۠ۡۘ۫ۚۧۡۤ۬ۛۡ۬ۢۜ۫ۗ۠۠۠۟ۙۢۤۛۜۜۨۘۡ۫۟ۚۛ۟ۛ۟۫ۢ۟ۛۗ۬ۢ۠ۚۜ۫ۖۙۘۘۘ۠ۚۗ۠۫ۘۚۘۢۤۚ۟ۨ۬ۛۧۘۜۜۘۤۘۖۧۜۤۗۧۖ۬ۧۙۚۙۗۛۚۢ۬ۤۨۚۘۜۢ۠۠ۘ۟۠ۡۗۨۛۙۤۨۡۡۢۨۢۛۙۢۛ۟۬ۨۛ۫۠ۡۖۘ۫ۢۛۡۗۖۧ۟۠ۨۖۛۤۤ۠ۨۚۨۤۗۡ۠ۡۢۛۖۛ۬۬ۨۗۗ۫ۘۧۨۗۨۚۡ۠ۧۡ۠ۡ۠ۙۜۡۘ۟ۤۡۚ۟ۤۧۘۨ۟ۢۚ۬ۘ۠۟۠۬ۚۙ۠ۜۢۢ۫ۧۨ۟ۢ۫ۢۢۧۘۜۚ۠ۘۗۢ۠۠۬۠۠ۨۢۡۢۘ۟ۧۗۨۧۧۖۧۧۖۙۙۚۤ۫۠ۧ۟ۧۙۙ۟۠۠ۘۤۤۗۛ۫۠ۙۚ۟ۚ۟۠۠۟ۙۙۡۗۜۙۤ۟ۨۛۢۢ۠ۘ۟ۖۘۖ۫۟ۨۨ۠ۨۗۖۖ۫ۚۖ۟ۧ۬ۢ۬ۗ۠۫۬ۢۚ۟ۧۗ۠ۗ۫ۨۖۜۨۤۙۡۛۤۧۢۢۤ۬ۡ۠ۙۚۜۤۜۢۖۢۗۤ۫ۚۖۤۤۙۚۤۚۡۘۜۖۖۙ۫۟۠ۛۤۡۚۘۤ۬ۛ۠ۛۡۘۘ۟ۚ۠۠ۢۛ۠ۛۖ۠۫ۡ۟ۚ۫۫ۢۛۚ۫۫ۤۙۚۚۨ۟ۢ۠ۤۗۤ۟ۙ۫۫۠ۢۧ۟۫ۗۨ۬ۜۘۡۗۡ۟۟ۙۘۨۤۘۜ۬ۢۨۧ۟ۖۤ۠ۡۤ۫۟ۘۨۢۢ۟ۛۙۜۡۧۢۘۖۚۙۨۚۛۚۧۘۘۗ۬ۢۛ۠۠۠ۨۡۚ۫ۤۙۛۧ۟ۚ۬ۡۜۙ۬ۤۚۘۡ۠ۧۡ۬۫ۖۛ۠ۖۘۢۚۛۢۚ۟ۘۧۘۤ۬۬ۛۧۙۘۙۜۡ۠ۨ۟ۢۢۡۧۚۨۜۧۢۜۙ۠ۘۨۧ۟۠ۜۖۡۙۜ۠ۚ۬ۖۜۡ۬ۗ۟۟۬ۡۚۛۜۧۡ۫۟ۨۖۢۗۜۧ۟۬ۡ۠ۘۗ۠ۢۚ۬ۜ۬ۡۢۨ۬ۖۛۖ۫ۚۚۛ۫ۚ۬ۚ۠ۨۡۖۤۙ۠ۗ۠ۧۙ۠۟ۢۘ۠ۖۤ۬ۖ۫ۗۧۨۨۚۡۘۧ۬۠ۤ۬ۡ۠ۚۡۗۖۡۛۧۘۙۤۨ۠ۢۡۨۡ۟ۤۚۘ۬ۖۘۧۙ۫۠۟ۗۙۤۧ۫۟ۙ۫۠ۡۖۢۢۢۡۗۛۙۡۨۤۙۙۚۛۧۘۤۜۚ۬ۚۗۧۘۚۤ۬ۢۜۗۧۛۛ۫ۤۙ۠۟ۡۙۨ۠ۚ۟۟ۖ۫ۤۙۛۢۤ۟ۜ۟ۛۗۜۨۧۘۜۛۨۚۧۧۜ۫۠ۡۢ۫ۡۢۘ۟ۜۙۗۨۡۜۘۘۙۙۢۚۛ۬۠ۗۖۖ۬ۙۢۧۡ۠ۗ۠ۡۖ۟ۛۖۡۨۙۖۗۧۡۚۘ۫ۨۗۡۙۤۖۧۙۡ۟ۤۤۛ۠۠ۙ۟ۤ۫ۡ۫ۧۗۛۨۨ۫ۛۧ۟ۖۤۗ۫ۙۧۖ۬ۘۖۙۛۗۙۛۗۘۡۜ۫ۖۚ۠۬ۧۚ۬۠ۗۙۜۘۘۤۛ۫ۖ۟ۧۡۨۢۢۨۙۤۖۚۡۗۡۡ۟ۤۢ۠ۡۗ۠ۧۛۘۚۚۚ۟ۨۗۖۖۢۛۨۙۤۧۧ۠ۧۖۢۙۙۢۨۗۚۧۛۤۘ۫ۗ۬۟ۡۢۤۙۜۨۛۜۛ۠ۡ۠ۧۗۡۙۚۧۙۤۘۙۚۤۛ۬ۙۖ۠ۜ۬ۢۢۡ۟ۛ۬۫۠۬ۛۨ۟ۨۤۗ۫ۡ۠ۛ۠۟۠۟۬۬۠۬ۗۢۜ۟ۜۘۢۜۧۨ۫ۨ۠۠ۛۚۤۖۧ۬ۤ۬ۧ۬۟ۛۛۨۨۗۗۨۨۘۚۧۤۘۜۧۡۘ۠ۧ۟ۘۢۧۛۘۧۧۗۘۖۧ۬ۘۘۧۨۘۚۧۤۘۜۧۜۗۨۚۨ۟ۚ۬ۧۢ۬ۗۗۢۗۖۛۙۜۨ۫۫ۚۚۖۡ۠ۘۤۡۜۛۖ۫ۙۤۢۨ۠ۗۜۨۧۗۘۨۙۖ۠۫۬۬۠۬ۙۘ۫ۧۗۘۖۧۤۤۨۚۢۢ۬ۚ۠ۢۗۚ Just wait, google not available in your region unless you pay $4.95 per month I think people tend to associate slack with quality. If a product is better than the average then people will tend to give it more slack. But this isn't uniform to everyone. Not everyone will give a value greater than zero for the slack. Feels like I'm playing myst except things are moving. I agree Erdos really should have won the fields medal. But I think that the accuracy rating of more prestigious awards are much higher than say the Crunchies. Clojure: Java What if you replaced the keyboard with an ergonomic one? If Futurama is right (which doesn't seem that far fetched). This could be the start of the end of civilization as we know it. Why aren't programmers more pragmatic? I like lisp better than any other language but if there is a better solution in another language then I will try to either learn it or use it. Why can't programmers see that languages are tools to be used and not fight if one tool is used over the other. You don't necessarily see this with other craftspeople when they create things. I don't see people arguing over hammers and if you did it sounds really stupid. Maybe modify the CSS / look of etherpad so you get a collaborative writeroom? I just monitor my internet. I wouldn't be opposed to a splash screen when you first sign in to tell you how much you use if they engage in this. Do you think that as a site becomes large enough people start to change their own focus and sort of get lost in the crowd? That eventually people are just disillusioned by the site itself? I noticed this is sort of happening with reddit / digg. Yea that sounds like the best bet. Try to find a cheap bank without lots of bad debt and start from there. I want to use PS3 as a compute node for shits and giggles because I don't use it anymore as a senior in computer science. I am really excited about this because I have trouble sleeping. It would be helpful for me to actually use this. From the website: Sleeping better Problem: After sleeping, you may still feel tired - you're getting poor quality sleep without realizing why. Solution: View a full analysis of your sleep on our Analytics Platform. You will receive personalized instructions on how to improve your sleep so you can have your best night's sleep, every night Couldn't we model business cycles and also economic downturns / recessions also? Attempt to quantify bubbles if they possibly exist? Or would that be too computationally hard? Maybe, I do game with my laptop but I don't have enough $$$ or time to play PS3 games even when I have time off. Maybe because they want to seem better than they really are. Of course if we want to criticize apple in the same way they just want you to have complete and utter vendor lock in but thats almost the same as every other company. So basically you are charging for a flash mob? Sounds pretty interesting actually I wonder if you could do it in the states (Obviously more money). Wolfire regularly approaches me to post their blog posting to HN. The blogs are really interesting and seem to be very popular so I really don't feel bad about posting it for them. In fact I don't do much distortion either I mainly just post it with the regular title. I don't know why they kept on approaching me. I am old friends with the person. I started posting for him on reddit.com . They could have done my job with their own account. I am old friends with the person who created the site. I don't know why they went though me apparently I have a good track record for posting. I am not that high profile and I have been approached because I have a midrange karma. First it was bush as satan now twitter with terrorism? Everyone wants state control of the internet but the people who actually run the internet know it is difficult to have an international network under state control. Yea after my suggestion :-) App stores are generally broken because you can have the ability to ban things. We should have an open appstore. I think that if they moved in the direction of supporting ASE (android scripting engine)? I don't actually know but I suppose you can make a full android app in ASE. Yea I don't understand that either. Why is there middlemen when it costs nearly nothing to post a story? I think that android offers opportunities but still you are locking yourself in another vendor. What I plan to do to develop for mobiles is to have a common web interface accessible to all phones. Then you develop an app that is more enhanced that loads the site but also persists data using HTML5 and AJAX. PS.I really hope that the Author doesn't clutter your android apps like your website. You should take a computer architecture class at your college or at least audit it. It would help you understand how your computer works. When in the empire of google, do as google just comment out the crap. I'm guessing verizon blocked it because there was a attack directed at 4chan or something is fishy and they are attacking from verizons network. I think this is basically location aware microblogging. This might be pretty disruptive in the space with the integration and the ease of use. Also, auto discovery is done pretty well. I'm not bored with buzz after a few minutes. Looks like someone is trying to capitalize on the hype of buzz (to catch the buzz so to speak) for their own blog by saying it sucks. The real question is does microsoft need to innovate? The business philosophy seems to be more reactive than innovative and it has worked out for a great deal of time. I for one welcome google as an fiber based internet service provider. Especially if its better than the competitors I for one welcome google as an fiber based internet service provider. Especially if its better than the competitors I wonder if they will do analytics on the packets or information I liked those features. I liked not having to click to follow people and be automatically signed in with everything already configured. But I don't think everyone else did. I think we have different viewpoints and enough people got pissed off for them to change their policies. They haven't been doing something wrong before? Like their policy on china and everything else? Speakers: Robby Findler is currently teaching at the Northwestern University and is also a member of PLT and, as such, responsible for the creation and maintenance of DrScheme. In addition to DrScheme, Findler has contributed numerous components to PLT Scheme and supervises its Web-based software library, called PLaneT. Findler is also a leading team member of the TeachScheme! project. Carl Karsten is a python developer from Chicago,IL. He is an active member of chipy. Also, he has administered recordings at confrences at PyCon and will be giving a workshop on recording. Dennis Gilmore: Born and raised in Australia, Dennis Gilmore now resides in the U.S., and is currently a Release Engineer at Red Hat for spacewalk. He has previously worked for One Laptop Per Child(OLPC) as a build and release engineer. He used to be on the EPEL steering committee and the Fedora Board, and is currently a member of the Fedora Engineering Steering Committee(FESCo) and Fedora InfraStructure. Wen-mei W. Hwu is the Walter J. ("Jerry") Sanders III-Advanced Micro Devices Endowed Chair in Electrical and Computer Engineering in the Coordinated Science Laboratory of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. From 1997 to 1999, Dr. Hwu served as the chairman of the Computer Engineering Program at the University of Illinois. Dr. Hwu received his Ph.D. degree in Computer Science from the University of California, Berkeley. Rob Landley started programming at age 12. He's spoken at Ottawa Linux Symposium, wrote the kernel's initramfs documentation, co-founded Penguicon, maintained BusyBox and set up open source license enforcement for it through the SFLC, wrote three years of weekly investment columns for the Motley Fool, and once threw a bowl of liquid nitrogen into a swimming pool which has since been viewed over 3 million times on youtube. He currently maintains the Firmware Linux embedded build system, which cross compiles so you don't have to. Ryan Schultz is the co-founder of Studio Wikitecture, coined by Job Brouchoud out of their application of an open-source paradigm to the design and production of both real and virtual architecture and urban planning. Studio Wikitecture is a group that has integrated Web 2.0 and the currently emerging 3-dimensional web, for designing and building more efficiently. He has received both ‘Founder’s Award’ and 3rd Place for the Open Architecture Network’ Challenge -- a competition to design a tele-medicine facility in Western Nepal for his work on this project. Francisco Tolmasky is a co-founder of 280 North and the creator of the Objective-J programming language. Before this, Francisco was an early member of the iPhone team at Apple, working on Mobile Safari and Maps as well as designing the Web SDK. At 280 North he is helping to bring desktop-class applications to the browser with their new open source framework, Cappuccino. They recently launched 280 Slides, a web presentation tool and the first application built on Cappuccino. Bart Trojanowski is an embedded Linux consultant and driver developer from Ottawa, Canada. Bart has been hacking on big- and small-embedded devices running Linux for over a decade. While working, or just hacking, Bart has always depended on source code management (SCM) software to keep his source safe. He's tried countless such tools and settled on Git, and today he wouldn't think of using anything else. Ken Wasetis founded Contextual Corporation, a company that offers open source solutions to their clients' collaboration needs with open source technologies. He previously was involved in the .com boom in Chicago as a consultant, working with Java, Oracle, and DB2 for enterprise systems. Ken pushes open CMSs and other open source software for use in businesses through his work in Contextual Corp. I bet that pg hopes that he will apply to ycombinator. It is optimized to decode 720p so it might be a good choice for appletv. I think people are interested in ARM colocation since they are getting the processor speeds high enough and low power enough for it to work. Yea although he goes a little further with scheme. I plan on taking it in a slightly different direction. First off no i'm going to eventually move it torward C( I don't like C) Next step is to add more haskell / ML style programming features. Add a macro system (probably first class) Suggestions would be nice. Also try some termite style concurrency. PS lisp never changes it just mutates. Who wants to port javascript to elisp? No offense but what advantage does this have compared to phrack other than being more formal? Yahoo is still big in japan. What gives you the power to decide what is good and what isn't? People should define themselves by their own merits and what gives them the most utility. I was taught in hapkido to hit the person in the balls. We weren't allowed to do it in class obviously but we were told that was a valid technique. Reminds me of cave story in space. Another easier and more secure is to use a sha1 hash on every password you generate and just use that as your password. Probably no effect until they start retooling the site for buzz/ picasa etc.. Is there a guy version which just black and white and not pink? Whats so bad about this they are still using android? I don't see this as a problem since google still gets to own the handset market by using their software. Looks like an interesting paper. Its sort of weird though when you know someone that is mentioned in the paper (Louis Kauffman). Although I'm assuming its the same person. Professor Kauffman likes diagram based arguments so it seems like it would be the same person. Researchers find a side channel attack on RSA..... I don't expect this to be built in a day but more like over the course of a year or more. I haven't written code for the project and the project is more of a planning stage. I hope to have an alpha quality release in 2 years. Why don't they just ask Opera to build a better browser? See etherpad.org too which seems to be maintaining the project. Why should I use duckduckgo over any other search engine? I really don't think scientists need a PhD but it probably helps a great deal when doing independent research Trying it out for a day. Seems usable at least. I like the zero click info. Someone should put clojure on this. Doesn't work for me... Probably to stop linkspam? Thinly veiled advertisement from microsoft? At least the guru is honest. It looks like the book is still in beta and currently being written. I am graded on a points system already. I earn points and they are scaled due to how well I do on a given quiz, test or project. These points are then translated to a letter grade and curved. So there really isn't much of a difference. Sad thing is that apple usually doesn't have a sense of humor. IIRC someone actually got banned from the app store from critiquing apple. If its an adwords landing page and everyone that is going to the site probably wants to download it if you click it why not make it one big image and have it all link to download? I actually made a poetry book in LaTeX. It wasn't THAT hard. Is there a way to escape into html / javascript in moby? You would want to just rewrite it at that point. Something completely different. Tables VS DOM and JS events. I guess people seem to forget that the internet is made up of real people? Why can't they be like clojure and pick a name that isn't overloaded by everything else... Yea your right it won't really change arc anyways. pg hasn't ported it to not use set-car! etc... I have two droids since I got one at a GTUG meeting. Since I'm on verizon's network I can talk and browse the web at the same time! Given the same volume what is that now 20tb? Sort of like cross posting from reddit to digg / news.yc only more time consuming? Also anton van straaten edited r6rs. Actually it looks like they have actual stolen content such as a stolen pdf book and the given article is basically cut and pasted from somewhere else. The rest is just self promotion of something completely different such as a conspiracy theory. Its really interesting that this actually got this far. From the website (The actual thing being promoted) QUANTUM FUTURE This name came to my mind in Florence on a sunny Saturday of June 9, 1990, while walking along Viale Niccolo Machiavelli up to Piazza Michelangelo. Together with the name, Quantum Future, there came a feeling of weight and of urgency. I decided that I should not waste my time any more doing what others consider important. I felt that certain ideas that were waiting some place in my mind for so many years must not be postponed. That there is nothing more important than them. And so I decided to venture a new project. I knew from the very beginning that such an excursion into unknown territories is better undertaken in a company rather than alone. And I remembered discussions that I had with Philippe Blanchard a few years ago in Bielefeld. I wrote to him, and my proposal was met with a most friendly response. The project has started. It is about Quantum and about Future. It is about Potential and about Actual.It is about Space and about Time. I want it to be also about Knowledge and about Mind, about Determinism and about Free Will. And about knowing and understanding of ourselves together with the outside world. I have chosen the picture by Rene Magritte to symbolize the project. There is an ocean, and over the ocean and under the sky, there is floating a granite rock that carries a castle on its top. The rock seems weightless. Or better: it is heavy, but gravity does not apply. I wish that one day the project will bring us closer to an understanding of our hidden powers that can make rocks float in mid-air. If I got a free issue or even just a t-shirt for my comments I probably would agree with it. Best way to make people use it is to create a killer example app but that is quite difficult (appjet / etherpad) I wish I had enough money to buy some digital photocopiers from interesting places. Government surplus sales would probably be the most fun. I think you just made a new story for techcrunch. Looks like someone out techcrunched techcrunch. Same citations of questionable sources, same wild speculations. This looks like a ploy to reward people for the mac beta. So the real problem is people don't understand the logistic function? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logistic_function This is interesting. It reminds me of manhacks from half life 2 though which scares me somewhat but thats probably intensional since its so aggressive. I remember reading about how atomic weapons detonated at the point of the leak would seal it a few weeks ago. More information at http://www.csmonitor.com/Science/2010/0513/Why-don-t-we-just... Interesting tidbit from the report. TLDR: US companies getting an edge on contracts due to echelon. S. whereas, during the visit by the delegation from the Temporary Committee to the US, authoritative sources confirmed the US Congress Brown Report, indicating that 5% of intelligence gathered via non-open sources is used as economic intelligence; whereas it was estimated by the same sources that this intelligence surveillance could enable US industry to earn up to US$ 7 billion in contracts, Hrm, in 2007 people were able to intercept traffic from Tor quite easily by using a packet sniffer on an exit node. It looks like wikileaks got information through an implementation of this hack possibly? Link: https://lwn.net/Articles/249388/ Why does it feel like if we actually made a hacker island it would start to resemble LOST complete with EMP generators and bunkers? Just you. Maybe now is the time for systems that audit and protect phones possibly? They may be the next big thing since the old guard databases although are optimized for disk in memory eliminate that due to decreased latency. The caveat is that the in memory databases aren't as mature as databases that persist to disk. Well this would only work if your wifi router was on the far side of the house and you want to direct the signal to the rest of the house. If it was in the middle of the house it wouldn't work as well. Its more likely that the average computer user will gravitate toward more portable machines. There are also HIPPA laws to consider also if you opened up all that information. Not to mention the privacy concerns. http://www.scribd.com/doc/15556326/Structure-and-Interpretat... is a pdf version made from the texinfo source. I would take the interview with a grain of salt because it could be someone plainly making up the whole interview. It hasn't been vetted like the IAMA interviews. Also this should probably point to the original post on reddit http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/clz1m/google_empl... Combination of reddit.com , NPR , bbc.co.uk , cryptome.org and off the hook. Sometimes I will watch CNN. If one thing I have learned is that there is no such thing as unbiased news. I try to get from all angles and remain skeptical. I personally donated $3.14 it would be interesting to see how much people donated or more data like average donation etc... So the derivative in respect to points over time of the link bait story would be much higher than non link bait story? Would this be a simple firmware or software upgrade or would this require new hardware for it to work? Its sort of ironic that Jessica Livingston is on the ycombinator team. Is she not a hacker? I really don't think she isn't... This looks pretty useful. Obvious revenue stream, restuarants especially want this but I would try to promote it to local businesses in your area also. I think what he means by most lisps is the fact that there are literary thousands of toy lisps implementing only the basic functionality of lisp ( lambda, logical operations , define, ca(d)r, first class functions,etc...) that people write just to learn how to write a lisp. They don't have any libraries or nearly anything to do something useful. Sorry it should read "Isn't jessica livingston a hacker because she is part of ycombinator?" I see your joke but a communications satellite is a much larger cost than the 8k satellite. We are talking millions of dollars for one simple satellite. Sometimes video tutorials are good but my personal preference is to have a book. The best way would be to have a lecture and a book. Something like the SICP lectures and book. Not only that a swarm would function like space junk. Imagine NORAD trying to track 100 satellites eventually one will probably hit something important. The examples look very interesting. This seems to be well developed considering the time they have put into the library and the examples. I haven't seen anything like this for iPhone and its great that it is free. I did encounter one of the examples crashing (augmented reality) and this was on a Motorola Droid There are two trains of thought on goto. On one side Donald Knuth and Linus Torvalts consider goto useful in specialized operations. Knuth uses goto in certain operations where it would be optimal to have the construct. Linus allows them when it would be a good optimization strategy but you must use them sensibly On the other hand Edsger Dijkstra thought that having goto's in the language complicated the analysis of loops and also the analysis of the flow of the program. Dijstra did a great deal of research on structured programming which nearly all programming languages support (loop design, if then statements etc...) Citations: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goto#cite_note-4 http://pplab.snu.ac.kr/courses/adv_pl05/papers/p261-knuth.pd... Since its a small pdf it looks great on my kindle. I believe I read an earlier draft of this and I was impressed. Right now I'm getting the error "Error establishing database connection" are they being overloaded? Might want to consider how many of their users use adblock of some sort. The scheme cookbook is sort of old and out of date. I believe it targets a pretty old version of plt scheme (v301) (now racket which is at version 5). Anything that uses set-cdr! will not work and a great deal of the api has changed since then. It would be great if someone updated it for the latest version of racket. Racket has a SICP language level that you can install from Planet. I thought that wikileaks eliminates certain information that would cause harm to a party mentioned in the leak? Where is it written that google is the protector of the internet? Sure they could stand up to the telecoms but they have responsibilities to their shareholders also and their bottom line. 1 PLEX = 1 month of free game time. ISK = in game currency Plex stands for pilots licence extension. ISK stands for Iceland Kroner where the parent company of EVE online is based. Although this is great that duckduckgo is doing this it seems like it would only apply to a select group of people concerned about their privacy. It doesn't seem like the average person would be aware about what Tor is and would use it. I'm just wondering about the practicality of operating a Tor exit enclave. It would be interesting to hear about the design of membase. I wonder if someone has a architectural overview somewhere. EDIT: It seems like a article with a little more information is at http://www.infoq.com/news/2010/06/membase Some of my experience with adobe 10.1 has been mixed. Some of the games on Kongregate have been very usable and cnet tv played pretty smoothly. Going on the daily show's website and watching movies showed a horrible frame rate. Its really interesting to see this play out. One of the big questions is this a ploy to discredit WikiLeaks? If it isn't then why are these people coming up with these allegations? Is it because he is a celebrity? This would be much more interesting if it was a web service and not a one off site. I agree. It doesn't seem like a good fit for motorola unless they start adapting their framework for the droid? Is fusion garage going to sell this in the future or is the litigation currently stopping them from selling? Although it is good that reddit is taking this hardline stance against "internet vigilanties" I don't think it will do much good. Even if they start banning people for doing these actions I don't think it will deter people from taking part in these actions. Well I guess this is buried in the site but there is a link to http://raphaeljs.com/ which explains what the raphaeljs library is all about. I see your point though. If I recall correctly this was properly debunked as false. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_rain_in_Kerala from the article "The color was found to be due to the presence of a large amount of spores of a lichen-forming alga belonging to the genus Trentepohlia" Wasn't google wave an HTML5 app that used google web toolkit? What other libraries would there be? I wonder how hard this would be to do this for something like clojure. I have been reading hello, android ( http://www.pragprog.com/titles/eband3/hello-android ) and it says that the multitouch is buggy and returns impossible values which tells me that it could very well be a software problem in android. It would be more appropriate to do an askhn: post instead of piggy backing on this thread. If people think your question is interesting enough it should get attention and I think it would. If I were using this in a computer architecture class I would probably want to have subdesigns and a great deal more components. The things you can do with this are sort of limited without these features. Also, I would need to have waveforms. It looks pretty good though. Couldn't someone theoretically figure out how to enable these features without paying intel? I suspect if intel starts doing this people are going to figure out ways around this. I would like to see actual games on the device to actually judge how good this chip is in relation to the PS3. To disable net access temporarily couldn't you just put it in airplane mode? Oh well, no more free phone calls that you sign up as businesses on goog411. It was fun while it lasted. Possibly this is some kind of political statement to show people how the internet looks in china? What does this extension actually do? Allow for unicode to be used in mediawiki? Actually that is todays trading it is still down in after hours trading currently. Actually if you believe the reports of what Reddit says their traffic is greater than digg's traffic. It sort of begs the question will opera still be relevant in a few years down the line as rendering on phones gets cheaper and faster. I would wait at least 6months to a year to see if blekko is still relevant or used. Iirc cuil did ok when they first launched also. I believe it is a remote kernel exploit. There are attempts for SISC scheme to work on the android also http://www.neomantic.com/tutorials/sisc-scheme-on-androids-d... I noticed that if you keep on looking through the lot they have watson's and crick's original paper on DNA http://www.christies.com/lotfinder/lot_details.aspx?from=sal... Maybe we could use quantum entanglement devices to allow for faster trades? Since the speed of light in the medium is 0.66c you could probably get as close to c as possible. Sort of interesting that google and facebook are trying (or have tried) to rethink our messaging concepts. Are they trying to fix something that isn't broken? Sometimes I think it needs work but it seems like they are trying whole new ideas that may or may not work. Only problem with that is the fact that Microsoft could either retool the kinect to disallow the use by mathematica. Some other third party would have to work similar to kinect for it to actually happen. You could try brainstorming with your friends to think up apps to be made. Maybe you could also submit an ask hn. I went to a presentation at my school about this computer. There are two main goals to the project. One is to be a usable supercomputer meaning that it will be much more userfriendly to actually use to write software for. Another is the goal of actually getting 1 petaflop of sustained performance. Whats interesting is they were able to get the building under budget and ahead of schedule due to the housing crisis. They also want to make the computer much more energy efficient and they aim to be more efficient than modern datacenters. I believe if you use the native C/C++ development kit you still have to write the interface in java. Why do people keep on calling lisp-1's scheme? This doesn't even have call/cc ... its basically scheme in name only. Maybe there should be a running list of where Assange has contributed to because all of these posts are superfluous and don't really have much substance. I'm guessing that the dual core chip on this android device might be a derivative of the NVIDIA Tegra. Although this wouldn't make sence that the GPU is off the die? Actually it depends what classes you take. To learn web and mobile application development you mainly have to teach yourself. What I would do is try to go to a mobile / web user group and still get your cs degree. Note I am a student. Bruce Schneier on homomorphic encryption http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/07/homomorphic_en... Side note by me: If this is shown to be actually secure then this would be very interesting. Note he states that an efficient algorithm would take 40 years. Yea except that inconvenient treaty that states you can't put weapons in space. Oh and also if you try to do this China would just try to shoot it down anyways. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Outer_Space_Treaty 200 pound of tnt is 30.2 mJ in the M107 round you have 14.6 lbs of tnt in that shell. So basically 14 shells would equal about that many mJ. I'm sure that the ship has more than 14 shells. Implementing 1 hour * ceil(price in dollars) would be much harder since you would have to have a time value for each app. I imagine this might be a nightmare or at least a nontrivial thing to do. Also, they seem to support the cloud pretty well coming out with ec2 versions and they integrated system tools for creating virtual machines. Interesting, Fry's electronics does exactly this. They have one line which feeds into n registers. Weird i'm using chrome and I got the popup and was able to navigate to the site. (v 8.0.552.231) I purchased a video card (ati 5550) from microcenter and I chose it because it was around $100 dollars. I purchased it a few days after christmas since I got cash. I would have been more conscious if my phone was charged but I am enjoying my purchase. I wouldn't worry so much. RSA is based on the integer factorization problem . Hypothetically if you figured out any pattern in the distribution of prime numbers it would help in the factorization but there has been about hundreds of years of research in this direction and it is a extremely hard problem. Even if this was solved we could always move to ECC encryption like curve22519 Sources http://cr.yp.to/ecdh.html http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riemann_hypothesis http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_problem It sounds like all of these facts would be covered in the introduction to any android development book. Its version of linux is forked but that doesn't matter because your not developing for a desktop your developing for a phone. It doesn't need java me because even though your not using a non-JVM vm you just need to use whatever is allowed in the java api (same goes for sqlite). Yea, but number theory also allows us to devise new crypto systems... for example take a look at curve 25519 Link to the actual talk http://events.ccc.de/congress/2010/Fahrplan/events/4060.en.h... the presentation will probably be posted here. Actually what would happen is taxpayers would have to pay more to recover the data and go through the physical copies. So in reality we would be in more debt. Life isn't Fight club. (Movie not book) One of the chromium lead developers gave the presentation in the examples at a google technology user group meeting. It was nice to have someone answer questions about specifics on html5 and cross compatibility (one of my concerns). I sort of was spoiled because I found about htmlrocks.com on reddit but it seems to give a great way to showcase html5. Then they gave everyone a google cr-48. The meeting was run by google / (Chicago android / Chicago Google Technology User Group http://chicagoandroid.com/ ) I have been using the package manager and it is a much better way to install programs in emacs than the old way of modifying your .emacs and specifying a load path. It works very well. I wish more people would upload packages to the main repository but putting this in emacs 24 will probably accelerate this. How is this different from https://www.dropbox.com/home ? Other than the drag and drop file uploading I originally started with 2gb of space and I got even more from referrals / completing challenges (I'm up to 5.6gb now.). Dropbox seems to be lifetime for me already. Okay, I would have worded the copy 'the fastest way to share files simply' or something like that. Most interesting one that I found was woot http://ngrams.googlelabs.com/graph?content=woot&year_sta... its actually used in the 1800s Why is http://www.deadmau5.com/ marked as spam?? Its obviously not. From all the comments and what I have noticed it sounds like a good question is "Is it better to have false positives or false negatives" in the spam problem. I personally think that its better to have false negatives then positives and a lot of the comments here seem to reflect that. Your right. Would there be a way to get a sample of the database and attempt to do a test if there are a considerable amount of false positives? I really like your live chat(got to talk with you directly :-) ). Also, I mentioned with you that you should try reddit.com to advertise but don't be too corporate. Looks GREAT! Could be also that its a beta signup and people are really interested in the android client. Since when is capitalism is broken? Seems like during great recessions everyone wants Keynesian systems and when things are going great we want a classical economy. This is a great article on techcrunch on why the gaming industry needs to wake up and try new things and not keep on going for IP that has already been done before again and again. Sometimes gamers actually want new and fresh games not the next FPS. I seriously think that he is at the company because he likes his job. He probably identifies strongly at the company and feels that it is his responsibility to stay with the company. Is it really twitter that is helping out Tunisia or is it just other people observing the event just tweeting about it. Like we saw what happened in Iran there seems to be a correlation but the causation is sort of fuzzy. So the real question is how do we separate signal from noise? The infographic mainly does subjective value judgements and no real data is presented? I was expecting something a little bit more substantial.... Just because its on arXiv doesn't mean its legitimate. Its more likely that it is legitimate if it gets published (with a few exceptions like the Poincaré conjecture. This is great :-) I hope more Internet Service Providers follow suit! I'm actually glad for once that I have comcast. Whether or not people criticize the attack is any publicity better than nothing? They may take a hit but I think Mixpanel has a bigger problem of being obscure versus the possible backlash. On the other hand this could all blow up in their faces and then they are screwed. Now I either recall what Mixpanel does or I now know what their purpose is. This looks like a great idea to get more HTML5 games. Also, it brings more awareness to what you can do with HTML5. I'm wondering why it doesn't point anywhere? Couldn't they point it to bing.com for the time being before they do something else (url shortener ? ) Doesn't quora target a different audience than stack overflow? Stack overflow goes for more long tail questions for people who program while quora goes for general questions? After watching the first Zeitgeist movie it seemed like they made assumptions that were either not fully researched or not well formed. Most of the assertions were pretty much half baked or not even true. Looking at the actual movement it seems like they are trying to create some type of utopian society based upon the elimination of personal property and rejecting capitalism. Other than disagreeing with these ideas the system doesn't seem realistically implementable due to the fact that what will probably happen is some type of animal farm situation. I totally agree with your conclusion that there are better anti capitalist political theories to subscribe to. Zeitgeist just seems too flimsy. This is great! I was wondering if you could read data from RFID chips using the NFC since the protocols are nearly identical. I wonder if you could create an app that just indiscriminately reads data raw from the NFC chip? Even though that Digital Equipment Corporation is before my time I have read up on the history of computers (New hackers dictionary and various other sources) and I can recognize the importance of this pioneer. I tried it with a friend that knew german and it didn't work that well on Android. He wasn't a native speaker though. Other than being able to click on parts of the transcription another way you could use this service is to just read the transcription and not bother with the video. I think this is a great service for this very reason. When I was doing A/V at PyCon someone requested audio transcriptions of the talks and this would be a great tool to perform that very task. I think most of the phones are trending toward a larger display. I wonder what the appeal of a much smaller device will be compared to most of the industry moving to larger screens. In my opinion this device might not be well received because of that. This seems like a very practical website about the algorithm but where is the theory and proofs of the time complexity of the algorithm?? Its interesting to think about what is defined as a computer under the law. A great deal of devices are having computers placed in them and the law has to play catch up with technology. I'm pretty skeptical that the government would start regulating addictive video games. Even though they are regulating video games for content I don't really see the government regulating addiction. Although this is Chrome only this is a great extension that I believe a few people on this site wanted. I remember other people made a mashup but this looks like a slightly better solution. I wonder why they don't want to do this server side though? I think after todays performance it was interesting that watson had a hard time with the much harder questions (specifically the $800 dollar questions) but was able to answer the much easier questions. I have a suspicion that in the next round watson may have more problems answering questions but I still think that watson overall will win. One of the problems with this from a social perspective is that people lie about their relationship status on facebook. After seeing a couple of live streams of NHL games on justin.tv and other streaming sites its good that youtube is stepping up to make this legitimate. I am sure that you could make a buck putting advertisements on a live stream of sports. I wonder if this will put a dent into the other live stream video sites. If I remember correctly you are able to exploit DMA access through firewire by creating an iPod that would be able to dump the contents of memory to the hard drive. If you had DMA access using Thunderbolt you could dump the contents of memory in a very short time! Interesting feature that it has a p2p? network to allow for two players. Other emulators seem to require a direct network connection to play two player games or share the keyboard with another person. What would be the alternative then? If apple can't field a 4g phone what would they have to do to get one? Relax app store standards? (That doesn't seem very likely) I seriously doubt that they will never have a 4g phone ever and not releasing one doesn't seem to be an option. Mildly interesting list. I would much rather see a short review / recommended use of the tools that are listed here. A couple of tools I would recommend would be Dropbox (great file sharing tool). Google apps (great way to setup a corporate email server and various other things). I have use Balsamiq to prototype interfaces and it was a pleasant experience. Github is great for sharing code. Heroku was very easy to setup and use also. This looks like a great idea to promote their product virally. It has an automatic incentive for people to invite friends and get conversions. For those who don't know what DHCP v6 is it is the ipv6 version of DHCP. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DHCPv6 for more information. I am wondering how they figured out where I lived? Geolocation API with common patterns? It looks interesting but it would be nice to understand what I can actually do? Do I attack the other sprites on the screen or just do quests? I'm sort of lost in the interface right now. I would really like this on top gear and compare it to the other drivers on their closed course. I wonder how well it would do in their celebrity challenge that they do every episode? Not necessarily there might be latency concerns or even other unknown factors that would hinder it. Also what if its wet or other weather concerns? I don't work on the project so I wouldn't know what exactly would be involved. I wonder what is the reasoning behind disabling the faster JS engine for full screen apps and uiwebview? Shouldn't this read ycombinator's best startups from YC Spring 11 ? I would probably expect startups from previous funding rounds to be on the list... Some of the speakers at the conference are - Ryan "Icculus" Gordon - Will talk about Gaming on Linux - Italo Vignoli - Founder & Steering Committee member of The Document Foundation (LibreOffice) - Chris Palmer - From the Electronic Fronter Foundation - Mitch Altman - A famous open source hardware hacker and creator of the TV-B-Gone. - Chris McAvoy - VP of technology at Threadless and founder of the Chicago Python Users Group - Gregory Miller - From Open Source Digital Voting I have heard the performance of using PhoneGap versus a native android app is quite noticeable. YMMV I'm sort of reminded by this quote by Pablo Picasso Good Artists Copy, Great Artists Steal . Just because you are making a copy of some one doesn't take away that you are either changing or improving on the design or taking it in a new direction... Is this more flexible than using something like justin.tv ? How is this different? Do other subreddits use custom icons that would benefit with a similar optimization not just f7u12? I think there are a few. The most interesting point of this article is the fact they designed their services to degrade instead of fail. Also, due to the fact that they have engineered their servers to use multiple zones that also allowed them to avoid failure. Are these strategies too expensive for other sites to engineer or could they have been designed in? Here is an article with more background about the people that were elected. http://www.vancouversun.com/news/decision-canada/Five+McGill... Wasn't there that bug in android where if you would type in anything it would execute it as a shell command as root? Why does the interface seem to half take advantage of gestures and half not take advantage. I was able to swipe right and left to get to the bird but when to enable the blue bird multiple drop I had to click. The port seems sort of rushed. This article sounds like someone who hasn't actually even used a chrome os device. The utility of the chrome book vanishes dramatically when you aren't on the web the notebook is useless. At least I can use an iPhone or a WebOS as a notepad. Anyone think this is a bad idea? What if your phone becomes comprised or stolen? Then they have access to your house? Its easier to forge a bunch of bits than a key. Did you use the dropbox api? Is this supposed to be a joke? I don't get it. Is it just me or does it seem sort of odd that they don't mention the FDIC anywhere on the page (whether they will be insured) You can't advertise that you will be FDIC insured? Lisp is probably the first language that supports writing DSLs. I don't see how that refutes my point? Bingo Card Creator his website. See http://www.bingocardcreator.com/ Does this scale? How large can the pot be before you run into problems? I think I am reminded by a previous blog post on HN about asking to be a mentor and its pretty relevant. http://blog.momentor.com/dont-ask-someone-to-be-your-mentor Due to the volatility of the bitcoin market I'm betting we are going to see a next blog post by the author "How I lost all my savings using bitcoin" I think the average web user might be more naive than you think though. Well due to inflation it doesn't.... IANAL There is a law on the books about privacy. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Privacy_laws_of_the_United_Stat... Good luck trying to convince a Judge or a court that you should have privacy when you have stolen something... I sort of have an issue with the name. I can understand that the average user would understand Facebook's Like and Twitters follow but I see that +1 is sort of technical jargon... I bet they are registering the subreddit domains to have them redirect to the subreddits. All of them seem like pretty established subreddits. Perhaps they want the subreddits to function more like stand alone websites? That hasn't stopped blatantly obvious patents to be filed. You are being extremely optimistic. USPTO will issue a patent nearly for any software related invention even with prior art. What will this mean for the users of the service? Will it be shut down in the future? Looks like a PR stunt to promote his company. Also, to promote whatever Peter Theil is doing. I agree with you on that point but the article seems like fluff in IMHO. That is the point I was trying to make. It seems like that Google still has they high paying ad market while facebook has a chunk of the low paying ad market. Article in nature for the inclined http://www.nature.com/nphys/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/nphys... I really think this is the beginning of the end for bitcoins. Once the government starts going after the endpoints you will start to see the price of bitcoins dropping as everyone tries to liquidate them. I was wondering when this was going to happen. Maybe the next design will improve on these flaws? A better question is can dropbox be acquired since it is already profitable.. Happened last month. http://www.engadget.com/2011/03/18/rsa-hacked-data-exposed-t... Lockheed Martin Breach http://www.infoworld.com/t/hacking/lockheed-hack-should-put-... (This happened a few weeks ago) I remember hearing it earlier. There is a book called Beautiful Code by O'Rielly http://oreilly.com/catalog/9780596510046 iPhones are just the smartphone market. More like SMS's are going away for smartphones but staying for everyone else. Not everyone has an smartphone and not everyone can afford a dataplan. Most of the world still uses relics though. C isn't suitable for projects with more than 10k LOC? Ever hear about the linux kernel? Or even libc? If you use comcast they have enabled IPv6 support (I believe they give you an ip of some sort) Should be gets you past WSJ paywall for now. Eventually WSJ is going to figure out how to block this. Then the cycle repeats the extension author figures out how to get around that.... Looks like a good introduction so far. Very clear examples. I have studied quantum computing a little and I need to refresh . Weird, I have a cr-48 and I encountered the same problems with Verizon activation. You think they would have figured this out. The wikipedia article about this goes more in depth http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No-communication_theorem Just because you don't find it useful doesn't mean that other people don't have utility in facebook. Is the real reason the US is trying to do this is the fact that it wants to remain friendly to the next people in power? If the US helps the dissidents it seems more likely they will be friendly to the US in the future. Since the next regime may or may not be friendly to the United States. I see their numbers. How can I trust them? Mostly I see a lot of stuff trying to sell to you their service but I don't see how they actually collect their data. I guess the real question is if they have reached market saturation or not. This looks like a neat idea. A nice extension would be to allow for a QR code entry that would invalidate itself over some criteria. Even if it costs 1.3 billion to run a year Apple's profit from quarter to quarter vastly dwarfs that. Sort of like how it used to cost microsoft to create their xbox platform. I think it is worth it. Thats pretty neat since you have of the encryption done client side. Which mode of AES do you use? This seems to smack of shameless self promotion by Calacanis. He tries to discredit other sources of information and try to promote his website (mahalo.com). But any blog etc.. to get any readership you have to have some kind of draw or gimmick to get readership (or even actual content) It would be nice if you could zoom out somehow? No mention of NFC? I guess we could assume its going to be in the phone I hope? So this version of SQL is turing complete? Wow, an incredibly vapid piece by techcrunch. I didn't learn much and it seems to play on your feelings more than anything else. It reminds me why I dislike techcrunch... How many developers don't know how to touch type? Is this really a problem? EDIT: Even if you pass the hiring process I think you would get fired pretty immediately. So they are keeping Qt development for their low end phones? Shouldn't they have made this announcement a few months ago? Netflix has HD streaming also. I don't see how anyone can actually trust this leak though. How can we verify if this information is legitimate?