The world's most affordable laptop that doesn't suck is the Thinkpad you buy on eBay for $95 and install Debian + xorg + openbox on. I have super-glued lead fishing weights into the base of my desk VoIP phone (a Yealink sip-t28p) to give it more heft on the desk and stop it from sliding around when bumped. For $150 I would rather buy a NUC sized thing with VESA mount and put a small, fast M.2 SSD in it. Also it will likely have a proper 1000baseT NIC in it which is far preferable to any form of 802.11n/ac. I am enjoying an environment configured to only allow TLSv1.2 and deny everything else. It may not be a realistic option for everyone, but for anything new built in 2015 and later is the only sensible choice. Hey, let's install unsigned APKs from random sources in china for $17 consumer gadgets, nothing could possibly go wrong. Hey, let's install unsigned APKs from random sources in china for $17 consumer gadgets, nothing could possibly go wrong. This is a typo or copy paste error. Based on the 52dbw EIRP it is a standard FCC compliant 80 GHz FDD radio system (same family as bridgewave, e-band, siklu, SIAE). Actual electrical power consumed at the wall is probably https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delay-tolerant_networking http://ipnsig.org/ Never buy any inkjet printer. I threw in the garbage a Canon multifunction that refused ton work as a SCANNER when its ink was empty. If you have the space and print a lot of black and white, buy an eight year old used HP LaserJet with an Ethernet interface. Even a 4100DTN is a great deal, sub $100. ha, ha: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blueseed tl;dr Someone is getting fired. " All we had to do was download an app and click on some mysterious Chinese advertisements to top up our data. " This is the sort of shit that keeps network security people awake at night. I bet they enabled third-party app downloads on their Android phones and uninstalled some unknown .apk The future business leaders of America... fuck... These are the sort of people who give Americans a bad name overseas. I mean seriously how do you fail to learn that China requires visas? Or know the history of HK-China and why there is a border? At least they're apparently not blistering blowhards like some merkins in Europe. To be fair to China's chauvinist culture they would've done the same of the visitors/clients were Chinese. Actually if they were Chinese they probably would've been taken directly to a brothel. The 2707's cancellation being the reason for Boeing laying of 60,000 people is a huge exaggeration. There was a general downturn in ALL airliner sales at that point in time in the 1970s, affecting the volume of existing subsonic airplane production. http://old.seattletimes.com/special/centennial/november/ligh... Read more history about the 1970s oil/energy crisis. original purpose: building a giant airship new purpose: pasty white germans eating barbecued sausage and drinking beer on a fake tropical beach Most long haul fiber cables pulled these days are way more than 48, at minimum 144, 288 or most commonly 864 strand ribbon. If you're trenching 300 km of fiber along a railway the cable itself is actually a small fraction of the total project costs. At most a 5% delta between 72 and 288. In an African context with limited logistics and trucking options, absolutely. And the projects are at a bare minimum budget already. I've been involved with a few, just the subcontract for concrete vaults/splice locations runs on a shoestring budget. In many cases bringing singlemode to an inland/remote city will be a dramatic improvement no matter even if it's 12 strands back to the capitol city/cable landing station location. We're talking about replacing microwave backhauls that are 4 x STM1 capacity total, serving the entire inland/up-country area of a nation, with a single 10GbE circuit. Dramatic difference. And very basic 100 GHz grid DWDM gear can be used. I don't understand why anyone would buy a home automation/smart-home device that can't work fully independent of "the cloud" (butt) with local management. If I can't talk to it over private IP space and run a local daemon/server on the same layer 2 ethernet fabric to manage it (eg: Unifi), I don't want it. If I want to remotely access a camera or something like dropcam I am perfectly capable of VPNing in to my own home network to do so. I don't need the butt. Do not trust the butt. Do not trust the butt. Do not trust the butt. If you didn't build it and you don't know where it is, it could go away at any time for any reason and you will have zero recourse. DO NOT. TRUST. THE BUTT. and this is why certain 4x4 enthusiasts enjoy driving 25 year old diesel vehicles. How long until somebody in MA screen captures the entire Model S service manual and puts it up for public consumption as a torrent? The people who live in Dildo, Newfoundland will be disappointed. The warrant is ridiculous even without the tor part. Read pages #6 and #7. http://www.thestranger.com/images/blogimages/2016/04/08/1460... ISPs maintain hash values of known child porn files? Show me a single ISP in the Seattle area that runs any of its residential customer http traffic through a caching proxy that examines and hashes each file, I'll eat my shoe. I know the hashes exist, but they're not used on traffic in transit except in very unusual circumstances. They're used by web hosting companies/dedicated server providers/VPS hosting companies etc to examine the disk/storage device contents of a suspicious server against a known list of the hashes of previously-seized CP. Yes, about 90% of this affidavit is fill-in-the-blanks boilerplate. 99% of all VPS providers (in the $5/mo category, not $75/mo) will kill your account for running an exit node. They do not want their blocks of ARIN, RIPE or APNIC ipv4 space listed in every abuse and spam swamp realtime black hole list in existence. coming soon to bearded skinny pants hipsters everywhere!!! don't forget your portable mechanical typewriter so you can write your memoirs at the local coffee shop. I'm not quite sure how to sent a direct user-to-user message, or if it's possible, so I'm doing this in a reply... I would also like to compare notes and previous experience from telecom/ISP work in developing nation environments. One of the things I think will be interesting to see in the next few years is the glut of previous-generation DWDM transport gear (Ciena, Cisco, Infinera, Adva, etc) which is being replaced by US ISPs. Equipment that can do 40 x 10 Gbps channels in the 100 GHz ITU grid is becoming obsolete and pretty much everyone is upgrading to gear that can do 100 Gbps per channel. It'll be available really cheap in the used/refurb market and totally suitable for long distance applications in Africa where newly installed dark fiber is available. I already know of a few ISPs in the Seattle area that are pretty much giving away their old DWDM stuff. For small working groups that all trust each other (example: a network engineering team at an ISP with a bastion host that everyone needs to SSH into before accessing anything else), a really easy solution is to run an ircd that only listens on 127.0.0.1, only allows access via properly set up public/private key ssh shells, and have everyone keep a persistent "screen" (or tmux) session running. You could have a very lightweight http server that only runs for the 30-second period of time needed to communicate with the ACME server for the certificate issue... I would be surprised if CSE and CSIS don't have their own staff embedded inside Blackberry, either with or without the company's knowledge. They don't have nearly the budget that NSA does but they're not stupid. One of the amazing things about the US is that poorest 15% of the population (by gross household income) is also the FATTEST segment of the population. In developing countries where the poorest 15% are truly living a bare existence lifestyle (Pakistan, India, Bangladesh) you would never see a poor obese person. replacing openssh with something you've written yourself seems like reinventing the wheel, just because you can. the sheer number of person-hours at developer salary rates in north america would probably amount to at least a few million dollars. not only was it a military dictatorship, it was a military dictatorship with its domestic, foreign and signals intelligence agencies set up by the CIA and NSA. Part of the historical and ongoing extensive cooperation between the US DoD and the South Korean armed forces. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Intelligence_Service_... if somebody wants to sue a layer 2 ethernet fabric chip maker they're insane. any asshole can use a switch to do any sort of terrible thing with their nation's internet infrastructure. it's like suing intel because they made the 1GbE NIC in a server seized for kiddie porn. Don't forget US support for the Greek military junta: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greek_military_junta_of_1967%E... And the US military LOVED Saddam Hussein. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_support_for_Iraq... Show me any documentation whatsoever that proves a pure layer 2 Ethernet switch has been put on a test network and observed (via packet capture on its upstream) sending data home. Well, it'd probably be a capitalist randian chaebol clusterfuck of industry and manufacturing, rather than juche. Not at all. "Put a suspicious device on an internet connection, let it run, and capture all packets to see where it phones home" is a fairly basic process. Those who have not yet seen it should watch The Killing Fields. "We've invented the wine bottle version of an inkjet cartridge or Keurig plastic k-cup, give us money". VCs: HERE HAVE SOME CASH Very true. I just don't think there's that much of a market for people who want to drink half a bottle of wine and have the rest remain 'fresh'. The average consumer is also becoming increasingly aware of how the razor-blade sales model is bad for them. > more basic journalism than CNN? CNN has been a joke for a long time. This is totally unsurprising to anyone that has seen in person the state of "enterprise" IT at a large organization in India, Pakistan or Bangladesh. Not really, if your expected adversary is your local nation state that wants to watch your Internet traffic for domestic political dissent (Iran, Ethiopia, China, etc). Whole article tl;dr: randian libertarian idealist buttcoin people are extremely surprised to discover that a black market economy turns out to actually contain real blackhats. Without going into detail that violates an NDA or reveals who I am, I've seen the back-end database/billing/network monitoring infrastructure for the three largest mobile network operators in Pakistan. It's scary. The banks in PK are worse. The lack of giving a fuck (or clue) is endemic to the region. People in south asia build their networks the same way they build their municipal electrical grids, in-premises 230VAC electricity, and municipal gas pipeline networks (in a very scary slapped together way). This may be partially explained by a brain drain effect where everyone who really knows what they're doing on a *nix platform leaves the country to work for $70,000+ USD/year somewhere outside of PK/IN/BD. Those who are left are very far from the best network security, network engineering or sysadmin talents. Particularly when basic networking gear that will do the job is NOT that expensive. There are equipment importers in major south asian cities who bring in used/refurb PCs, servers and network gear. You can get a Cisco 3550-48 for $40. For an organization of this size there is no excuse to build a network with D-Links. Most of the talent pool of qualified persons who can successfully install openbsd and configure it properly as a firewall have probably obtained foreign work visas and are not working for domestic enterprises in bangladesh, at local bangladesh salary rates. They are at minimum working for $2000/mo in the UAE as some company's IT guy. It was fairly widely known in the network engineering community in 2003/2004 that the "Echelon" system collected an extensive amount of domestic data for each of the five eyes, using legal dodges where a foreign agency (like GCHQ) would siphon american/canadian data and feed it to the NSA and CSE, and vice versa. Those who knew how much the system had changed from satellite-intelligence gathering (from the era prior to transatlantic/transpacific submarine fiber, where most phone calls and international data were satellite based), to tapping fiber at submarine cable landing stations and "partnering" with major telcos, were totally unsurprised. IMHO if you're doing anything financial and don't own the bare metal hardware that the hypervisor runs on and 100% control physical access to it, and run your own network gear (right up to your border with transit providers), you're doing something fundamentally wrong. it's a blunt dog whistle for "hey libertarian gold hoarders we are your sort of people" 80 GHz is "light licensed" in the US, the paperwork requirements are not onerous. It's less costly and complicated than a regular part 101 licensed microwave link. It's definitely not something to trust in, but intercepting (at a layer 1 level) a PTP 80 GHz link is actually harder than tapping fiber. You'd have to have Rx equipment either directly in the path or directly behind both ends of the radio link. As compared to the effort required to cut an aerial or underground singlemode cable and fusion splice in place a passive prism split tap (basically the same thing as inserting a split in a GPON FTTH network). A practiced outside plant fiber crew of 2 persons and a bucket truck could do this with less than 5 minutes of downtime on a router-to-router optical interface, short enough time to clear any NMS alerts and prevent a repair team truck roll. Assuming we're talking about only two strands. Either way actual security is accomplished through standard based crypto, not obfuscation or preventing people from messing with the layer-1. That's the nature of 80 GHz, design the links for your climate and don't try to go more than 2-3km. You can achieve five nines. And yes, run a 5.x GHz backup path in parallel. It has a 10GbE SFP+ optical interface and functions as a layer 2 ethernet bridge. From an ethernet port perspective same as 99% of the other PTP microwave and millimeter wave radios on the market. What's new is the 10Gb (vs existing radios with 1Gb SFP). Read the datasheet linked at the bottom of the page. terrestrial microwave engineer here: "80 GHz" is actually 71-86 GHz FDD. The original FCC band plan allowed for 5000 MHz wide channels each direction and basically OOK or BPSK level modulation. Newer radios use 250, 500 or 1000 MHZ wide FDD channels and QPSK or better. Incredibly wide channels can be used because it falls off in the atmosphere so rapidly after a few km, and the antennas are all very narrow parabolic reflectors with less than 1 degre beamwidth. Basically no colocation interference issues are possible unless two companies try to shoot from the same rooftop, to also the same rooftop, using the same channel AND the same linear polarity. for what dollar figure, distance and speeds? anywhere from $300/link (a pair of ubiquiti powerbeam AC 5 GHz) up to $20,000 for 1 to 10GbE licensed. Most new licensed band 6, 11, 18, 23 GHz radios these days are 1024QAM capable. For 80 GHz the hot new thing is radios capable of 16/64/256QAM at varying code rates. it's worth noting that this is just the first one publicly announced and not under NDA.. It's from a russian radar/microwave/millimeter wave manufacturer. All of the other much larger players such as Bridgewave also have 10 Gbps radios coming. Yes, or if your fast, cheap new metro ethernet 10GbE circuit between two buildings has been provisioned by your ISP as some form of transport (handoff into a WDM system, EoMPLS tunnel), etc, it's not difficult for them to 'mirror' your port. It could be pre-tapped before it was ever turned up for customer service. Or the splitter could be installed in your riser cable at one end, before you ever started moving packets across it. Or a myriad of other things. not really, fiber is still greatly preferred (For example: it's impossible to do 40Gb by microwave/millimeter wave, but a CWDM 4-channel 4x10GbE passive mux/demux on two strands of singlemode is trivial and very very cheap), or just a pair of 40Gb QSFP 10km reach optics using a single 1550nm wavelength between two routers or metro-E switches. But wireless can reach small cells, rooftops and towers that might be a very costly underground fiber build at $400-900/meter total construction cost to dig up streets in urban cores. It very much depends on the location. http://www.lamont.me.uk/capenhurst/original.html http://www.independent.co.uk/news/how-britain-eavesdropped-o... Now that's just xenophobic and ignorant, you expect all 175 million people to go where? It's like blaming every single person in Maricopa County, AZ for the actions of Joe Arpaio. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Arpaio > In most businesses if a man wears anything except a suit and tie it is a topic of serious consideration, and possibly a firing offense. You haven't been anywhere near any sort of technology company in Seattle in the past 10 years, have you? there was at one time talk of expanding the 'five eyes' community to seven or nine, countries such as norway, denmark and germany would have been the top candidates for inclusion. Webpass uses a fairly large number of Siklu 80 GHz 1 Gbps radios on rooftops for backbone links in SF. a great deal lower, the optical ITU DWDM grid is around 191.7 THz to 196.1 THz An AF5 or AF5X PTP link isn't a transparent 1Gb full duplex bridge, realistically you'll achieve 250-400 Mbps max. They're great radios but physics is still physics, 40 or 80 MHz wide dual polarity channel at 256QAM 5/6 code rate is not 1GbE. That is true. One of the fun things illustrating first-hand how microwave/millimeter wave and fiber are the same thing is if you ever get to handle a 120 GHz band waveguide/feed. Some radar and military stuff operates in the 120 band. It's so incredibly tiny and narrow compared to a 11 or 18 GHz microwave waveguide. Then imagine continuing to make it narrower while increasing the frequency, follow that to its logical conclusion and you have imagined a 9/125 fiber. That span is the total allowable space in the FCC part 15 rules for 5 GHz gear, where the AF5/5X has been tested and certified. Other radios can be used from 5200 to 5850 MHz (DFS frequencies permitting). But the size of the channels it can operate in are 5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 40, 60 or 80 MHz wide. Software configurable on the radio. millimeter wave waveguide on the rear of a parabolic antenna (30, 60cm dish) is actually circular (cylindrical), supporting dual polarity operation (opposite H and V). Individual radio heads like this russian radio or other 80 GHz radios are still single polarity. In certain scenarios you can mount two radio heads on a T-shaped waveguide on the rear of one dish antenna, one in H, one in V. I've yet to see a product of any sort I can buy with a credit card or purchase order. Would also like to know if anything comes of it. Not really, 80 GHz is definitely difficult to aim, the very center of the beam is quite small. The mounts for the most popular antennas accommodate this and have very fine adjustments for the azimuth and elevation. Keeping them aligned long term? Not a problem as long as the mounts the radios are on (whether non penetrating or bolted to a wall/structure on a building roof) are done properly. signal/noise ratio is a big one and RSL level. There are even 4096QAM radios now but they need a signal like -51 to operate at their full modulation. Otherwise they ACM down to 1024 (around -62), 256 and then 64QAM. The key part in physics is it's still a wave... And a singlemode fiber is a type of waveguide. A 120GHz signal is a wave, a 171 THz signal is a wave, the latter just has a much shorter wavelength. It can have some effect but at the distances aimed (max 3km for a high reliability, high Tx power 80 GHz link) it doesn't affect much. A link that is a nominal -34 RSL on a clear sunny day might drop to -36.5 as a result of building sway (such as if one end is on top of a 60 floor tower). Weather is the main issue not heat expansion/contraction or sway. It'd have to be a big ass drone, I have links that stayed up when a Canada goose was sitting 2 ft directly in front of the 60cm antenna on one end. Real headline: Swiss ISP's upstream provider (a large backbone who should know better) fails to implement prefix filtering. Sort of like when Pakistan's PTCL hijacked YouTube. Though you need to be 500-650 meters max from your source of bandwidth for it to be reliable, 60 is super short range. There is no way they're going to get millions of random clients and tourists to use 802.1x auth on their phones. Though with small monopole and cellular rooftop sites, MW can frequently be built in a ring or redundant traffic path configuration. Fiber to many endpoint sites like a cell tower is frequently a star topology network with one cable in a linear path along a ROW either aerial or underground. Not even recent, the US supported Mubarak since he took power after the Sadat assassination. Yes elva-1 is a Russian company, most likely they're trying to obfuscate that on their English language web presence. It is sort of a shame because they are just as competent as many of the California based microwave engineering firms, and have been around for 25+ years. Their roots are in military radar systems much like some of the Israeli RF companies (Ceragon, etc). Now I wonder what the diesel emissions of a 20 year old ford f350 are. A lot, I imagine. "A huge guy"...? New service like uber: "rent a 350 pound Samoan" VC money please! I am pretty sure you could make a very, very low power watchdog circuit that only wakes up a GPS receiver and 2G/3G modem when it detects 60+ seconds of continual motion. Otherwise it'd sleep at very low power. This would fit in a $50 CF seatpost. Most good GPS receivers will get a signal through an ordinary low cost generic Chinese carbon fiber seatpost. Careful not to get the very cheap ones which are Alu wrapped in a CF laminate. The metal insert for bottom bracket (BB30 or not) can have an SN. this is permanently glued to the frame. Really expensive bikes you just don't ever lock anywhere in public. I don't know anyone in Vancouver who would lock a $3500 road or mountain bike anywhere. You're either in possession of it or it's in your garage. There are B&E teams who break into garages in metro van looking for peoples' MTB collection, so this doesn't really solve the problem, but then you've got alarm systems, bars on windows, house insurance etc. "Modified phones"? What was this, a VoIP company? Hosting? The article is really vague. VoIP over VPN to a centelized server? They're renting commercial geostationary Ku transponder capacity (by the kHz) like any commercial TV station. Little known fact: The Germans in the BMW marketing department at first wanted to name the new "ReachNow" service in Seattle "ReachAround". "I'll be there in 15 minutes but first Bob has to get me a reacharound" You really don't want to use DC for distribution in your home. Go price out telcoflex copper cabling (from 0000 up to 4 gauge) for -48VDC datacenter use. Voltage drop over distance and losses to heat make it impractical in homes. You really want to pay the extra money to wire your home with 6AWG cable in the walls? That's a lot of copper. Centralizing an AC to DC transformer is pointless for consumer stuff since things run on DIFFERENT voltages. A lot of consumer grade stuff is 5VDC internally. Or 12VDC. Or 17.5VDC. Or 19.2VDC laptops. Or 24VDC. Or 48VDC. That's before we even get into the problem of "everything in the world is already standardized to run from 110-240VAC 50/60Hz". If you really want to do DC distribution in your home, do it with 802.3af/802.3at switches (or "dumb" midspan injectors") and cat5e/cat6 cable. You can get LED lightings and other things that will run off PoE voltages and amperages now. The air quality in Karachi and Lahore is really, really bad as well. Spend one work day in Lahore wearing a clean white collared shirt and then take a photo of the shirt... wait until we have USB-C charged hoverboards (and similar products), where not only can the charger and cable catch fire, but so will the low budget Li-Ion battery pack/charge controller/battery management system. Even if you can only write at 80MB/s it doesn't take that long to do 4TB. The major challenge now is no longer PV and gridtie inverters, but energy storage. Whether it's batteries, pumped storage hydroelectric, whatever. $$$ per kWh stored (and the lifetime/cycle life + operating costs of that storage) is a key benchmark. NSA will simply pwn the endpoint devices of whoever they're really interested in. gggggggooooooaaaaaaallllllllllllllllllllllll Or, "how not to drop a satellite on the floor": https://www.spaceflightnow.com/news/n0410/04noaanreport/ and definitely not an SNMP MIB There are satellite that use the STT system almost entirely independently of all other systems. Particularly ones that need to remain in a certain orientation for 100% of their service life, such as geostationary telecom and weather satellites that orbit along the equator and are always aimed towards the visible hemisphere of earth. On those, the directional hemisphere and spot beam antennas are fixed in place (or can only move a few degrees motion at best, such as Ku band spot beam antennas), relying on the body orientation of the satellite to service a certain area of the visible hemisphere. Satellites are designed to go into "safe mode" if certain fault protection events happen, or the multiply redundant control systems/onboard computers don't agree with each other. Safe mode usually means shutting down all nonessential electrical loads and trying to orient themselves so that solar panels receive the greatest amount of charge, while listening for command and control data on their omni (L and S band) TT&C antennas. With this event it sounds like something REALLY went wrong since not only did the satellite try to correct a nonexistant wrong orientation via its reaction wheels (reaction wheels are not nearly as powerful in real life as they are in kerbal space program), it then decided to start expending propellant and spun itself up to such a RPM of revolutions that it tore off its own solar panels, and anything else that would be vulnerable to high centrifugal G forces. Automated code that expends propellant is usually checked much more carefully than this, since the amount of propellant is fixed and non renewable, usually the primary constraint on the total service life of the satellite. Most satellites run out of stationkeeping/orientation propellant (or propellant for ion engine delta-V changes) long before their multiply redundant solar/charge controller/battery/computer control systems fail. I know this was a science and LEO (low earth orbit) satellite, but here's something to consider when thinking about the difficulties of engineering hardware & software to work together in a satellite. Geostationary telecom (and weather, and SIGINT, etc) satellites: In the entire history of manned spaceflight no human has ever visited geostationary orbit. Once placed in a geostationary transfer orbit (about 450 x 36,000 km) and then onwards to final geostationary orbit, nobody will ever see a satellite again. The largest ones weigh 6000 kilograms and are the size of greyhound buses. They're out there right now operating with multiply-redundant everything and cost $150 million to build and launch. It is highly unlikely that any time in the next 25 years any human will ever visit one in person or touch one. When a satellite is encapsulated in its fairing/shroud for launch that is the last time anyone will ever see it until its ultimate end of life in hopefully 15 years. Every one of its control systems needs to be so thoroughly debugged and multiply redundant that it can operate out there with absolutely zero chance of repair or parts replacement. "We've put our automated checklist for site deployment on the internal mediawiki page at https://site.goes.here , problem is that Bob was trying to rack the 85 pound, 4U server containing the hypervisor that runs the wiki instance, and he dropped it on the floor from a 6' height" Something as simple as software to prevent extended firings of a thruster for any reason would have worked. In a LEO satellite it's constantly being exposed to night/day cycles and isn't in danger of draining the batteries in safe mode, no matter what orientation it is. LEO satellites have low-bandwidth TT&C (tracking telemetry and control) omnidirectional antennas and radio systems in the L and S bands that don't particularly care about the orientation of the satellite. Code as simple as "if thruster tries to fire for greater than period of time, call exception, place satellite in safe mode" would have worked. Using ground based TT&C systems it's possible to manually reorient a satellite in safe mode, or query what its star tracker sees. Probably wouldn't have happened during launch, though, as the mechanism attaching it to the rotational base would've been replaced with a special pyro platform rigged with explosive bolts to separate the satellite from the final carrier stage. Hopefully the people who rig the explosive bolts are a bit more thorough with their checklist. https://psemc.com/products/cartridge-actuated-devices-cads/e... I'm saying sort of the opposite - there have been very, very rare cases where satellites in LEO were visited by humans and repaired or retrieved, but it's extremely uneconomical (Hubble, LDEF, etc). Actually cheaper to build and launch a new one. But at least it is technologically possible. Whereas nobody has ever gone to geostationary orbit. There have been proposals for ion engined orbital tugs to grab onto old, out-of-stationkeeping-propellant satellites that still have good electronics, for the purpose of extending their life, or moving them to a new orbital position. But nothing has actually flown. We've been to the moon but humans have never put a manned craft in geostationary orbit, or returned from it - the delta-V requirements are different. you know the flash animation video that goes "badger badger badger badger badger"? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIyixC9NsLI well, think like that, except; lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer lawyer mushroom, mushroom When you work for an intelligence agency, federal law enforcement, customs/immigration or something like that (or a private sector contractor for them), and the topic of discussion is the MILF? the MILF is a violent organization that has been known to cut off peoples' heads... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moro_Islamic_Liberation_Front Time series does not necessarily have to be about 'huge' data either, just a much greater level of historical precision. Example: ISP sells a circuit with 95th percentile billing to a customer. If you poll SNMP data from a router interface on 60 second intervals and store it in an RRA file, you will lose a great deal of precision over time (because RRAs are highly compressed over time). You'll have no ability to go back and pull a query like "We want to see traffic stats for the DDoS this customer took at 9am on February 26th of last year". with time series statistics you can then feed it into tools such as grafana for visualization. An implementation such as openTSDB to grab the traffic stats for a particular SNMP OID and store it will allow you to store all traffic data forever and retrieve it as needed later on. The amount of data written per 60 second interval is miniscule, a server with a few hundred GB of SSD storage will be sufficient to store all traffic stats for relevant interfaces on core/agg routers for a fairly large sized ISP for several years. One of the major things not really addressed in the article is backhaul for each 4.5G/5G cell site or small cell site. More air spectrum and better radio modulation/MIMO for the cell-to-handset is very important, but that's only a piece of the puzzle... There's still a lot of locations out there without fiber, or that are currently fed by a 250-400Mbps capacity PTP microwave link. Cellular carriers are aggressively spending money to bring dark fiber to tower sites, of course, with the minimum connectivity for a new site being a single 10GbE circuit. This is one of the things driving the growth of outside-plant fiber construction and dedicated-purpose dark fiber network operators (example: Zayo's ongoing new builds spending $$$$$ in major metro areas in Texas). The other part of the puzzle is much higher capacity new PTP microwave to feed sites, some of which will be logically downstream of newly fiber-fed sites. These new links will be at 1 Gbps to 5Gbps+ capacity. 24,000 twitter followers for $30, one time payment? Makes me wonder what the ratio of live humans to automatically generated bot-accounts on twitter is. And the total number of registered twitter usernames in existence. The prefab functional/ugly architecture is remarkably similar to parts of the Bagram and Kandahar air bases, but obviously adapted for the polar climate. It makes sense when you consider that the place has been run by large federal defense contractors for the last 30+ years, as mentioned in the article, Raytheon and now Lockhed Martin (PAE). PAE also does a lot of work in Afghanistan. I'm sure if/when PAE ever loses the contract it'll go over to somebody like DynCorp. please drink a verification can: http://i.imgur.com/dgGvgKF.png From an ISP network engineering perspective, something like 85-90% of these tools are obsolete, no longer maintained, or proprietary to some particular manufacturer's platform. There's a much, much shorter list of modern BSD, Apache or GSL licensed monitoring systems that includes opennms, zabbix, zenoss, cacti, etc. pretty much the gold standard in extremely long life batteries, non rechargable lithium, but they're not cheap: http://www.tadiran.com/ You did an SF-86 and went through the whole OPM background check process for Secret and weren't drug tested? Seriously? There's opennms + opentsdb + grafana solutions. It's a stupid idea to do a truck roll to resolve upstream peering/transit/congestion issues with the IP network. The technician's job is to diagnose OSI layer 1/2 issues to your local DSLAM or CMTS. Usually because a customer can't properly articulate on the phone what's wrong with their connection. Last mile broadband providers want to do as much as possible to avoid a site visit to a home. Unless they're charging $95 per visit one technician visit for 30 minutes can eat up all the profit from that customer for an entire year. It very much depends on where the local speedtest.net server is in relation to you in terms of network topology. If you're in a large city like SF or Seattle, your ISP might host a 1U box from ookla or directly peer with them at a major IX point less than 15 milliseconds away from you. sadly, I am... I work for an ISP that generally doesn't make these mistakes, our network engineering/operations/construction team enjoys observing all the stupid things Centurylink and Comcast do in our local market. How many months from release until the FISA court issues a secret order to turn one of these on 24x7x365 in a suspect's home, and stream the audio to the FBI "counter terrorism" people investigating a subject? Whenever I see one of these things, and the people who happily purchase it without giving even two seconds of thought to the privacy implications, it makes me realize how important organizations like the FSF and EFF are. It might be the first one to pass some sort of critical mass of consumer adoption, and within a few years have 10x the market share of Amazon Echo. Depends how much Google subsidizes the hardware and how much they advertise/push it in their other platforms. incredibly inefficiently, and only for loads of 5-10W max... phone wiring is not thick enough in gauge and 12V has very high voltage drop over distance for any appreciable amperage. there is a good reason why we use 110-240VAC to distribute power in houses. This is unfortunate, but I can sort of understand why. Customers are frequently mistaken on what's wrong with their connection, example, the customer thinks they're seeing 0.5% packet loss and high jitter consistently to something that's 3 hops upstream of their default gateway, when in fact there's something messed up in their home Wifi which is on channel 1 the same as their four neighbors. It takes a lot of time (time = money) to train first tier customer service reps how to recognize what needs to be escalated to the people who have 'enable' on the network equipment 2 to 4 hops upstream of a typical cablemodem/DSL customer. And then the management decision to empower them to do so if necessary. And a method for the NOC of filtering through the crap to discover that "Yes, this customer really has discovered some service impacting issue that has not been automatically reported by our NMS". I wonder if the biometric fingerprint thingy can be defeated with a gummy bear. http://www.theregister.co.uk/2002/05/16/gummi_bears_defeat_f... http://www.darkreading.com/vulnerabilities-and-threats/apple... ? For $699 you can build a Skylake based mini-ITX system that uses a real, PCI-Express 3.0 x16 video card (in the $225 price range for the video card alone) that will kick this thing's butt in every benchmark. The Intel "gaming" NUC is $699 before you put in any RAM and an SSD, so its actual total build cost as a barebones is probably around $899. The mini-ITX system will be slightly bigger, but also more robust in nearly every way. Yes it's tiny and slim but it's effectively laptop grade CPU with onboard GPU in a single motherboard. Where are you getting two SSDs from? I never said that. I'm guessing the 6700 in the NUC is very thermally limited vs a full core i5 or i7 desktop CPU which can have a TDP of up to 85W. Force them to learn English? It is the defacto language of science and technology. For a population of less than 500,000 they're not going to develop locally created curriculum for, for example, masters degrees in electrical engineering and medical sciences in the Berber language. The 3rd and 4th step will break a lot of compatibility. But requiring TLS1.2 works with any browser shipped in 2011 or later. I'm betting way less than 1% of usersgents these days cannot do TLS 1.2. $1349 is not totally nuts, 2560x1600 displays requiring dual link DVI appeared at the same price point in mid 2007. Maybe they'd rather learn Chinese? I don't care what they study nor do I want to "colonize" their desert. Anything that improves their standard of living and political self determination is probably an improvement at this point. That is true, though I have met a number of Icelanders and they do any serious science in English. They also have the benefit of extensive educational and university exchanges with Denmark and Norway. And they're not a refugee population living in a desert without a functioning government. Hey, you know, Facebook isn't obligated to publish anything. It's a 'free' service. If you want to publish something run your own httpd. There is absolutely nothing preventing anyone with $20 from buying their own domain, setting up DNS on it and running a webserver through a bulk hosting company. Oh wait, that's too hard for you? I can hear the world's smallest violin playing. Oh I'm very much aware of it. Anyone's relationship with Facebook is governed by their TOS, nothing more. Because it's a 'free' service, you're not owed anything by it. In fact, you're the product. Facebook wants to be the world's largest walled garden and their entire revenue model is based on keeping everyone trapped inside it, for the purpose of selling advertising. I would never encourage anyone to rely solely on Facebook to publish anything they care about, no matter where it is on the political spectrum. You can use it as a tool to reach more people but don't become utterly dependent upon it, that's just foolish. Expect and plan for anything that you pay $0.00 for to disappear at any time, for any random reason. Most large cities' building codes mandate auto-start/auto-transfer backup generators for elevators in buildings over a certain height. It is sometimes possible to put critical equipment on a generator backed circuit (such as a 48-port 802.3af PoE switch providing power to phones). More like an example of how their provisioning and documentation process is broken, you can absolutely have critical things on SIP (and PoE powered security cameras, etc), just don't forget to document it correctly. If you're not paying money to publish content on somebody else's httpd, and have no contractual relationship with them for services, you have very little recourse if the publishing platform suddenly disappears for any reason. Business failure, server failure, corporate censorship/policies, whatever. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanlon's_razor corollary: never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by a automated abuse-prevention system (in this case, people flagging posts) doing what it was designed to do with zero human intervention. I am in complete agreement with you. If you care about something, publish it yourself. The sad fact is that Facebook's walled garden allows people with literally no technical clue whatsoever to set up a 'page', it's not nearly as difficult as buying a domain name and paying $5/mo to a hosting company. Then when the magical friendly service they're paying nothing for and have no service contact with disappears, goes bankrupt, gets acquired and shutdown by a larger company or decides to block them for arbitrary (automated abuse prevention) reasons, the first cry is "censorship". They made the move because walled gardens are much easier to use, require far less effort and have nicer friendly UIs built by large teams of UI/UX people who have the goal of keeping people captive via browser sessions and their mobile apps. It's because people crave social approval at a very basic mammalian level. If you live in Portland and are a vegan political science major, your Facebook news feed will reinforce your world view through most of the posts coming from your friends. And vice versa for other locales and perspectives. At a certain point it becomes an echo chamber of endlessly repeated "news". > I wouldn't be in the least surprised if companies will use your previous buying behavior to give you a custom price. Amazon already does this for a lot of items based on your account, cookies, user agent and previous buying history. Try pulling up a few items and having a few friends or colleagues also search for and add the same items to their cart. Even with the same shipping zip code (shipped to same office during work hours), prices will differ. Anecdotally I know somebody in Seattle who absolutely freaked out a bank branch manager by moving their entire account after being treated poorly... You never know who fits in the venn diagram of: a) likes to work on their own cars on the weekend b) goes to the bank in oil spotted work clothes c) has family that purchased a large chunk of microsoft stock in 1987 The $3/month for an active SIM with billed-as-you-go data in $ per GB rate is a great deal like the "Ting" MVNO: https://ting.com/rates For something like emergency OOB access via HSPA+/LTE modem into critical infrastructure it's hard to beat $3-4 per month per active SIM card, when the actual amount of data moved in a month might be less than 50MB. For group use it's really not competitive with AT&T's own-brand Cricket MVNO either, you can get five active LTE lines/SIMs with 2.5GB data each (not a shared pool) for $100/mo including tax. Data drops to 128kbps full duplex after the 2.5GB. $20/mo per active phone. https://www.cricketwireless.com/support/account-management/a... Also of historical interest, particularly for the American south: "The Negro Motorist's Green Book" Locations of "sundown" towns, where to get a meal at a restaurant, where you can get a motel room. http://www.autolife.umd.umich.edu/Race/R_Casestudy/87_135_17... This can be harder to do than it looks at first glance - the electrical cable "snake" that follows elevators up and down their shaft is frequently implemented with only POTS/cat3 grade wiring. Getting a SIP phone to work in one can require a local source of power in the elevator (usually a 120VAC to 12VDC power supply for the phone rather than PoE) and a VDSL2 bridge for 100BaseTX over the old style phone wiring. Much more likely the telco would just have the business name for billing info for a POTS line and would happily shut it off. The dishes have considerable value if dismantled carefully and relocated for a current C, Ku and Ka band teleport operator (two way satellite services). Will likely need new feeds and all electronics. A new 16.4 meter C-band earth station dish is $165,000+. Given the NSA site, I wonder what the availability of commercial DWDM services is to Ashburn, VA from dark fiber owners such as level3, zayo, etc. Locations of buried 288 strand cable and raman amplifier sites would not be too difficult to discover. The US government usually doesn't build its own longhaul fiber. This is a fine reason to use OSTicket or Request Tracker, both of which are free, open source and (with their various dependencies and modules) composed of entirely GPL, BSD and Apache licensed software. Disregard Zendesk, acquire RT. RT has been around for 15 years but it's continually developed and kept up to date. It's used by a large percentage of the 50 largest ISPs in the world for their back-end OSS/NOC ticketing. Wait until they go after everything that's pronounced verbally like Zen. Most people I know if speaking about the Xen hypervisor will say "zen", not pronounce it as if it were a Chinese family name (Chen or how the X in Xiaoming is pronounced). Some defunct military bases are still having trouble attracting valuable industrial tenants even after 40 years, example: Closed as an air force base in 1966 and turned over to the local government, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grant_County_International_Air... Closed as an active SAC bomber air force base in 1969, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clinton-Sherman_Industrial_Air... The people who do satellite SIGINT for non-five-eyes nations don't need to be told this, they already know. For listening to geostationary satellites it's fairly basic criteria, simply, be in a low population area that is RF quiet. The parabolic dish antennas at 9 meters+ are very, very directional. the placebo (and nocebo) effect is a hell of a thing I don't know where you got this idea, the NRQZ encompasses a huge area and people most definitely do have microwave ovens. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_National_Radio_Q... You think that nobody in a city the size of Harrisonburg VA has a microwave? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harrisonburg,_Virginia It's within a 1 mile radius of the radio astronomy dish that petrol engined cars (spark plugs) and emitters like microwaves are banned. You can install licensed point to point microwave radio and VHF/UHF radio systems, etc in the NRQZ, you just need to go through a coordination process. https://science.nrao.edu/facilities/gbt/interference-protect... The defaults in debian for fail2ban are too short, in my opinion, it's useful to turn the ssh, postfix and other daemons' fail2ban time up to 3000 seconds. Haeeelooo sir, we are to be recruiting for very senior position of Windows NT4 administratrator in Moldova. Compensations is excellent. Pelase to be replying as quickly as possible like and many good feelings shall be had. Understanding African ISP network topology is only possible with a thorough knowledge of where the OSI layer 1 is: specifically, where the submarine cables are, and where they are not. The cables that reached Accra, Ghana in the past ten years for transport capacity to London are a good example. And the more recent cables that connect Sierra Leone, Liberia ,etc. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EASSy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SAT-3/WASC https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TEAMS_%28cable_system%29 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SACS_%28cable_system%29 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SEACOM_%28African_cable_system... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_One https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACE_%28cable_system%29 There is still a great deal of network traffic that takes a round-trip to Europe before reaching another African nation. As an example: If you look at the BGP adjacencies and IP space, all of the ISPs in Freetown, Sierra Leone are logically the same as if they were in a suburb of London. Things are also heavily imbalanced in terms of the influence that .ZA wields. Something like 80% of the AFNIC IP space that is issued annually (in terms of cumulative number of newly issued ipv4 /24s) goes to .CO.ZA ISPs. You're basically asking "How do I start a WISP?". What is your existing level of networking knowledge? "According to AMD"... yeah. Right. Just like the last generation. I'll believe it when I see the benchmarks run by anandtech, arstechnica and hardocp. It doesn't have to be as fast as the top end core i7, if they can make something faster that sells for the price of a mid range core i5. Uhhh. Have you ever worked for an ISP in any capacity? Personally worked with fiber or microwave transport systems? That list of stuff looks like something a person would copy+paste on a resume. Not trying to dissuade you, but your initial question is really vague. Exactly what are you trying to accomplish and where? based on your questions, I recommend you hire a professional to implement your project. As for money, how can you ask that question if the goals, location and scope of your project have not been defined? "I want to build a WISP covering an entire multi-county area in Montana with 200Mbps+ last mile services" or "I want to build a single point to point link with $95 ubnt radios 3km to service an island" totally different things. An effective barrier is making it IMPOSSIBLE for a government request for data to be fulfilled - such as end-to-end encryption where the intermediary never has the key, like Whatsapp has done. This is easiest if implemented into a new system from the beginning design of its architecture. It completely removes the need to waste person-hours attempting to fulfill a "wiretrap" request, whether from a warrant or FISA-court type thing, if the request is impossible due to lack of crypto keys. And at least at present completely legal unless the US passes laws outlawing crypto. TLS1.2 for SMTP end-to-end is obviously a good thing, but it has its own problems aside from all of the crap we've been piling on top of SMTP for 20+ years (SPF, DKIM, DMARC, TLS1.2, etc) for ISP mail server operational reasons. At some point that mail has to go into storage somewhere so it can be accessed by a user/client via IMAP, and that's where the subpoena/national security letter/warrant/FISA court request will go. To whatever location the disk storage resides at. It's worth nothing that very few people run HVM guests on xen if they can avoid it. The performance hit is considerable. Most xen setups I have seen are PV guests with pygrub bootloader. Host is debian amd64, guests are also debian amd64 or some variety of centos amd64. > feels that it is a dead end, and another that sees it as a practical way forward Until the Wh/kg ratio of batteries improves significantly, it will be a huge problem to have electric planes. Look at the energy contents of 1 litre of Jet-A or avgas compared to the same weight in batteries. Hydrogen + fuel cell systems to achieve the same energy density require very costly extremely high pressure tanks and fueling systems, and that is before you get into the argument of whether hydrogen is a terrible use of energy. If your hydrogen supply is coming from an electrolysis process an IMMENSE amount of kWh has been consumed to fill your hydrogen tank, which should be considered for the total environmental cost. So unless your electrolysis plant is hooked up to a massive PV array or a 4GW nuclear power plant, the economics are questionable. for comparison: lithium ion batteries 0.36–0.875 MJ/kg Jet-A: 42.80 MJ/kg no, because: lithium ion batteries 0.36–0.875 MJ/kg Jet-A: 42.80 MJ/kg quick googling says a 747-8 has a 239,000 liter fuel capacity, so the energy stored in full tanks is 10,229,200MJ I don't know of any battery or hydrogen fuel cell type technology that can approach anywhere NEAR ten million megajoules stored in the same weight. India's extremely complicated bureaucratic nightmare of inter-state borders and customs/tariffs is the fault of the British? http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/31/india-economic-... Imagine if you had cargo truck borders and customs paperwork between every one of the US 50 states and what a nightmare it would be for trucking/logistics/distribution/warehousing/cold chain/etc. Indian states have a significant degree of regulatory autonomy, far beyond what a US state or a Canadian province has, to the extend that some states are looking at banning alcohol entirely and others have unique tax code and criminal code laws not found in the rest of India. Out of curiosity are you ethnically from somewhere in India / South Asia, or a foreigner? so, you're screwed either way? or you should try to look middle class and neither rich nor poor? What is your level of proficiency with Apache/php/mysql? There are some good minimalist WordPress templates that do not look like a blog. The amps are not active electronic repeaters (retiming), they don't "speak" sonet/sdh or Ethernet, they simply amplify the optical signal. A sticker we put on the cabinet for our long haul DWDM system gear: "Do not look directly into fiber with remaining eyeball". http://cdn.instructables.com/FQT/MNV9/I2KBQQ2E/FQTMNV9I2KBQQ... This is a great feature also found in cyanogenmod. Very capable blacklist features. This doesn't help with spoofed VoIP caller ID though if the calls appear to come from a new number each time. You can't buy a modern Pipistrel for th price of a 1975 Cessna. A huge % of the light 2 and 4 seat aircraft out there in the c172 and smaller sizes are 25+ years old. What can we do? Get activist types to stop using Windows. That removes about 99% of the attack surface. I'd like to see the UAE successfully remote root a desktop running debian-testing amd64 and an xorg/xfce desktop. Yes, there's myriad security problems with Firefox and other things.... But every single state-paid RAT tool ivr seen is targeted at Windows. education is important too. If you can successfully trick people into running a binary you gave them with sudo (or the equivalent) all bets are off. They can try to force local computer retailers to install a root CA before systems are sold. The UAE is also a perfect example of why rubber hose cryptanalysis should be considered just as much as the "evil maid" or keyloggers attack vector. Don't want to give up the password to your dm-crypt volume? Okay enjoy your beatings. To quote the guy who goes turncloak in the first Matrix movie: "... And you know what I've realized? Ignorance is bliss." If you're a state level target, expect physical things like bugging, hardware keystroke loggers, RATs installed in windows bootloaders on your laptop, and other physically intrusive "sneak and peek" measures taken on any electronics when you're not present. Except that 1975 Cessna is much, much more likely to be what a small flight school/rental operator/FBO company can afford to buy. $35,000 and ongoing maintenance vs $175,000+. Kissinger. 19 out of 20 of them were probably KBR workers who served food in the DFAC at Bagram, not "pointy end of the spear" Blackwater/Triple Canopy PSD teams. For long term stays we'd need to dig underground dwellings on Mars anyways, though not nearly as deep, as the radiation that gets through its atmosphere will be very harmful to anyone living on the surface for multi year time spans. Facebook has become an indispensable app for the very low end $40-45 android smartphones. Such as the ones you can see for sale on AliExpress with 3.7" screens and Android 4.4 running on a very cheap MediaTek chipset. People who buy these in developing nations usually require that the handset retail vendor install the .APK for Facebook (though they don't know the process of HOW facebook gets installed without the Play store, they just know that "I want facebook on my phone), before buying the phone. http://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2016/01/the-fa... "accidentally" - please... Most Canadians don't even know it exists or what it does, but the CSE is Canada's version of the NSA. It is the five eyes partner. The origin of the CSE and its SIGINT role in siphoning up everything it can is directly related to the post-WW2 creation of the five eyes agreement / UKUSA and collaboration between English language nations' SIGINT apparatus. http://hackertyper.com/ And all of the above while avoiding security cameras that will capture your license plate, and using a $200 thinkpad you bought for cash. Oh, and you drove to another state, you DID leave your tracking device (LTE smartphone) at home, right? Not dubious, tor is used by all sorts of abusive spam bots and people who just want to shitpost for the lulz. And you paid for gas and everything else in cash only, right? It's trivially easy to track a person's movements if they use credit/debit for most payments. I have heard of HTML5/WebRTC API browser fingerprinting that can expose a user's RFC1918 private IP address (10.x.x.x whatever...) on their client device, but not MAC address. https://network23.org/inputisevil/2015/09/06/how-html5-apis-... > Another huge reason is that China outright banned the use of gasoline powered motorcycles in many big cities; since the majority of people just can't afford a car, the only replacement they could have is electric bikes. Imagine how polluted the air in major Chinese cities would be if they didn't do this. For a counter example visit Karachi or Lahore and observe the air, both huge population centres that are full of small 2-stroke engined motorcycles and motor-rickshaws emitting blue grey exhaust everywhere. > Letting govt agencies who don't know what they're doing go out and tender for private sector building of internet services would be a disaster; they'd be oversold six ways from Sunday. You mean like this? $1.4 million for an app that chooses left or right. http://www.geek.com/apps/tsa-paid-1-4-million-for-randomizer... https://kev.inburke.com/kevin/tsa-randomizer-app-cost-336000... Mistake Not My Current State Of Joshing Gentle Peevishness For The Awesome And Terrible Majesty Of The Towering Seas Of Ire That Are Themselves The Mere Milquetoast Shallows Fringing My Vast Oceans Of Wrath. reddit rate-limits new posters to something like 1 post every 15 minutes until they've accumulated some positive karma. Acquiring a signal by GPS does not make you stratum-1. Stratum 1 servers are directly adjacent (within microseconds latency of, NOT milliseconds) to stratum-0 servers, physically connected to atomic clocks. butt.gov ? I'm the product lead on butt.gov... Thanks for noticing us! There are other butt Foundry deployments, but what makes butt.gov special is the focus on ensuring federal agencies are actually able to use it. Federal compliance for a butt service provider is a tough bar to clear, and without it most agencies are simply unable to take advantage of capabilities the rest of the world now takes for granted. That in turn impedes improvements in the many services the government has to offer. We've just reached the "FedRAMP Ready" status, which is a signifier of confidence that butt.gov will make it through the exhaustive auditing process to come. Best of all, everything were doing is open source, including all the compliance work, so others will be able to follow in our footsteps. AMA! move your mission critical data to my butt! Any discussion of politics in Thailand is worth mentioning that they've had 12 (twelve!) coups since 1932: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_Thai_coup_d'%C3%A9tat It's like a national sport or something... Uhm, what? You want to buy a /24 through the ARIN transfer process? You want to know what IPs are in use by residential ISPs? Wang? The fun thing about Iridium is that it's one of the few existing examples of satellite-to-satellite backbone links in space. The satellites are in polar orbits and talk to each other by directional point-to-point Ka band in space. This means that the whole network architecture (the first generation of satellites, not the ones imminently about to be launched for the new network) can relay all of its traffic through just one or two earth stations (Hawaii and Chandler, AZ). This is why Iridium has kicked the ass of Globalstar, which was a bent pipe repeater satellite arrangement and relied on dozens of earth stations worldwide, also rendering it unable to provide service in polar regions and in the middle of oceans. The only other telecom satellites that form backbone/trunk links in space are geostationary and military. The network architecture was WAY ahead of its time considering the design was finalized in 1996-1998 or thereabouts. The DoD even spent a ton of money building their own Iridium gateway in Hawaii, which is linked to the other DoD teleports in Hawaii. A lot of military M2M stuff uses Iridium, not just voice. Blue force trackers, etc. The current corporate incarnation of Iridium that acquired the network from the original bankrupt entity would probably be doing OK even without the military, but it's certainly doing better thanks to all the NATO countries that use Iridium stuff. Even without the military there is a decent sized worldwide market for low-data-rate text email and voice in literally any location on the planet. Iridium works in polar ocean regions with Inmarsat doesn't. It works in fun places like the middle of a desert in Chad or southern Libya. Globalstar was at one time Iridium's closest real competitor but it was a network architecture failure, even before their first generation of satellites developed severe reliability/failure problems. Until very recently Iridium's only real competition for true 'global' coverage was Inmarsat, and Inmarsat is based on geostationary satellites so it's problematic to use at high latitudes. Inmarsat also until very recently did not have a handheld phone product, an Iridium phone was small enough to put in a backpack or small Pelican case while an Inmarsat terminal was the size and weight of a giant 17" gaming laptop. Iridium coverage at the poles is EXCELLENT because the satellites all converge over the polar regions, being in orbital inclinations of something like 82 to 90 degrees. There are also a lot of unattended weather monitoring and science data M2M things in Antarctica that use Iridium embedded modems. multilink PPP over Iridium for polar regions: https://www.ittc.ku.edu/publications/documents/Mohammad2004_... You set it up with your own IMAP(TLS) and smtpd for email, and in your server logs the logins were coming from Samsung IPs, not the wifi or cellular network your phone was connected to? Where were these Samsung IPs in terms of physical location and netblock? If they're doing MITM on their customers' traffic I'm really curious where it's going through. https://s3.amazonaws.com/theoatmeal-img/comics/email/4.png how about: The persuasive power of running all my incoming smtp traffic through 4 different RBLs, postfix milters for openDKIM and openDMARC, SPF tagging the header before pipelining it into spamassassin, which then assigns suitable scores based on your lack of proper mass-email-sending etiquette, so that I never have to see this shit in my inbox. email marketing douchenozzles Even so, they were up to about a billion dollars in debt for satellites, engineering services and launch services by the time the original Iridium corporation went bankrupt around 2001... I'm not sure how much good their cost savings did for them. It's not really that they pioneered mass-assembly of satellites, but that there had never been a large low earth orbit network of identical satellites before. The new Iridium satellites and anything else built in quantities of 10+ will be built using a similar assembly line fashion. Iridium Next has a lot more revenue potential for them as well, with all sorts of new products that can be developed with embedded Iridium modems (same general way they sell the 9602 transceiver to manufacturing partners now). The fact that you can do TCP/IP data over the first generation Iridium network is actually kind of a minor miracle, the data rates are so low. Voice calls have to fit in 2400 bps with a special codec. Data sessions used a lossless compression system not very dissimilar from v42bis to squeeze up to 9600 baud out of a 2400 bps connection... Well, at least if all you're transferring is a plain text file, if it's content that's already compressed you literally see 0.2KB/second. They're going after the revenue that Inmarsat enjoys from BGAN services, Thuraya's revenue stream from BGAN-like L/S-band services, etc. Maritime and aircraft of course. And military... and military and civilian UAVs... all sorts of stuff. M2M stuff that has to work literally anywhere. "Their most recent model has 8x10Gb ports, costs USD $2,500 and will route the full 80gb/s" No, it won't route 80Gbps, because any single flow on a CCR uses a single core on their multi core Tilera CPUs. The CCRs struggle to really do 10Gbps of real world IP transit traffic. If you're pushing 5Gbps+ of your customers' IP traffic in a daily sine wave pattern to/from upstream and adjacent BGP peers (paid IP transit and peering at a local IX), and have $2,500 to spend, you will be MUCH better off buying a proper routing platform that has things like hotswap fan trays, hotswap 1+1 or N+1 power supplies, redundant hotswap routing engines, etc. You can do this with a used/refurb Cisco or Juniper for the same price as the higher end Mikrotiks. I can build a Cisco 7604 or 7606 with dual RSP720 for less than $2000. The CCRs have a single motherboard in them that is about the same quality as a $85 PC motherboard. If you're running an ISP that is moving multi-Gbps of customer traffic and have potentially thousands of singlehomed customers downstream of you, do you want to rely on a 'core' router that has absolutely zero hardware redundancy? Mikrotiks have their place at edge and small aggregation but when you start talking about things that are $2,000+, please, buy a real router. How has this asshat not been declared a 'vexatious litigant' by some court? There's a legal process to deal with people who file an exceptionally larger volume of repeated bullshit lawsuits. Thing is, it's not an 'order of magnitude' different in price... Three $2500 CCRs vs, what? I know somebody who recently bought a whole Juniper MX960 for around $10,000. For a serious ISP that is a big jump in capability and resiliency. If looking at used/refurb core routing platforms these days, anything that is not capable of being upgraded to a reasonable density of 100GbE is selling for very affordable prices now. Even systems that are fully modular and redundant and capable of more than 60 10GbE interfaces in one chassis, such as the MX480 or MX960. Or an ASR9006/ASR9010 with first generation linecards. If you think that's amazing, check this out: https://www.canlii.org/en/ab/abqb/doc/2012/2012abqb571/2012a... If you have a very good faraday cage / RF test chamber (such as a third party certification lab that does paperwork for FCC compliance has) you can test GPS jammers and their resultant effects on your gear... It's more of a grey area than that, FCC Part 15 devices must accept all forms of interference. There is no real recourse. Provided that the device is transmitting within 2.4 or 5.8 GHz band channel size limits and EIRP, it's not illegal to crap up the half duplex medium of Part 15 wifi bands. Say you live in a wood framed apartment building and your neighbor to the left has a 2.4 GHz wifi AP running a 20 MHz channel on channel 1, your neighbor to the right has another similarly configured AP on channel 6, and your neighbor directly below you has an AP on channel 11. The other neighbors diagonally to you are on channels 3 and 7. The 2.4 GHz spectrum in your apartment is totally shit because you're seeing everyone else's AP at -68 or thereabouts, because it's a wood framed building and they're so close to you, the spectrum is totally crapped up and noisy but it's not "jamming". This script has the same effect on real world data transfer speeds as the effect in a totally normal major urban area "2.4 GHz is shit here because I live in a 65 unit building and every single suite has their own wifi AP". What this small script is doing has basically the same effect on a particular section of 20/40 MHz wide radio spectrum as if you were to install any ordinary $70 wifi AP in WPA2-PSK mode, put it on your choice of channel, and leave a pair of laptops associated to it running bidirectional iperf tests on a 1-minute cron job continually between each other. Totally legit. It's just making the channel in question "noisy" RF-wise, because wifi radios are a "listen before transmit" (CSMA) half duplex medium. Where it gets into a grey area is stuff like this: http://www.cnn.com/2014/10/03/travel/marriott-fcc-wi-fi-fine... http://money.cnn.com/2015/01/27/technology/fcc-wifi-hotel/ operating a noisy 2.4 or 5.8 GHz shitty thing on your own AP is totally legal. Connecting to other peoples' networks or gear at a layer 2 ethernet level and issuing deauth frames is not, and the FCC can come down on you for it. The difference is that the first (being noisy) is at basically OSI layer 1, you're shitting on the radio spectrum the same way as if you had a non-ethernet-speaking RF noisy baby monitor, but not talking to anybody else's devices by their MAC address, the second is actually an active form of layer 2 ethernet fabric attack (that happens to be conducted via 802.11abgn(ac)) > But if you want to use the spectrum to stop others from communicating—stop being a jerk. (You may, of course, substitute stronger words for "jerk"). I think a big part of it is the corporate entity involved and money involved - they were jamming peoples' HSPA+/LTE-to-wifi hotspots because they wanted to sell $600/day internet service for trade shows and conferences... It's not that the FCC delineated between layer 1 and 2 in their decree, it's the difference that they intentionally messed with wifi at the wifi-protocol level by issuing deauths, not by being noisy... for example if the hotel had a hundred wifi security cameras, baby monitors and other random part 15 devices in use in their facility, effectively preventing anyone from using wifi because the spectrum was too full of shit, that wouldn't be "jamming", even though it would have the same effect. yes, what I meant is it's only legal to operate an actual GPS jammer (a transmitter that shits noise on the 1.4 to 1.6 GHz band spectrum) inside a faraday cage, and test how your equipment responds to that (perhaps while simultaneously operating a GPS simulator RF source in the same faraday cage), because you definitely do not want your jammer signal to escape from the cage and interfere with nearby unrelated third parties' equipment. The cage in this case being to keep your experiment contained inside, not to block outside signals from getting in. fun fact: most consumer grade GPS stuff can pick up GLONASS, particularly the RF baseband chips found in all modern smartphones, because about 5 years ago Russia threatened to put a 250% import duty on all imported smartphones that didn't function with GLONASS. Therefore companies like Qualcomm which develop the RF chips in a smartphone were required by their customers (such as LG) to include GLONASS. Energy STORAGE is a huge bottleneck issue for anyone that follows renewable energy news as well... Solar power itself has been cheap enough to be viable for a long time, 330W 72-cell panels for roofs have been $0.64/watt for several years now. You can quite economically cover the roof of a building in enough high-efficiency 60 or 72-cell panels to generate far more kWh in a year than the building will consume in the same year, but the problem is storage for when the sun isn't shining. It's easy to produce 1600kWh/month from solar panels on a roof, if your house only consumes 1200-1400kWh/month, but you need to use many of your 1200-1400 kWh/month at night. Off grid energy storage has been severely hampered by the lifecycle cost of $ per kWh stored. Lead acid batteries suck, lithium ion/liPo has until very recently been very expensive in $/kWh. Other energy storage systems have been limited in scale or are only feasible at very specific places, such as large scale pumped-storage hydroelectricity. If the cost of $$$/kWh stored comes down far enough, it will be entirely possible to build a home that has no connection to the electrical grid at all. Assume this prototypical home is in an American city where electricity from the grid costs 8 cents per kWh. If you make a refrigerator sized battery low enough cost it may be possible with TODAY's cost of solar panels to have a lifecycle cost of 6 cents per kWh consumed. While simultaneously having the effect of making that home energy-independent from the grid and the whole thing being its own immense UPS. The powerwall is the first step towards this. > Worldwide production of lithium-ion batteries in 2013 was around 35GWh I don't think measuring it in terms of GWh is the best way to go about it, because a huge number of lithium ion batteries manufactured are NOT the type Tesla needs to use. Their battery packs are composed of 18650 size cylindrical cells. Vast amounts of LiIon batteries manufactured today are pouch/flat type cells for laptops, tablets, mobile phones and other portable consumer electronics. I would be very curious to see a number of the total estimated quantity of high-capacity 18650 cells manufactured worldwide in one year vs. the number of 18650 cells consumed by Tesla. Not so much batteries, but "energy storage" in general. Batteries being one very important type of energy storage. If photovoltaics and/or wind become extremely cheap, to the point where the cost is 1 cent/kilowatt-hour, it would even be economical to crack hydrogen from seawater via electrolysis (a process that consumes vast amounts of electricity) and use hydrogen as storage. The thing is, the grid from the perspective of an average residential user is actually not that reliable. In many places in the Pacific Northwest where trees fall on power lines in winter storms the grid does not meet five nines reliability (52 minutes or less outage per year). A properly implemented whole-building off grid battery system and a few inverters running in parallel can be much more reliable than this. The grid is subject to all sorts of failure modes from trees, landslides, flooded vaults and things involving the environment, while a PV system has no moving parts (perhaps except from a ventilation fan in an inverter), and a larger set up can be run with several inverters in parallel providing AC for a building. Absolutely. It's all about the $/kWh stored. A "worn out" electric car battery might have only 70% of its cycle depth/capacity remaining compared to when it was new, but if the battery packs can be acquired for very cheap, that doesn't matter so much. There is a guy with videos on youtube who has purchased battery packs from crashed Tesla Model S and retrofitted an old volkswagon bus for 100+ mile EV range. What the hotel used was not a RF-shitting noise source/jammer of any sort, it was other properly certified/permitted Part 15 legal 802.11 wifi equipment equipped with "rogue access point containment" software features that perform deauth attacks in the 802.11 air protocol. Example: https://www.google.com/search?client=ubuntu&channel=fs&q=cis... it's this guy: https://www.youtube.com/user/jehugarcia/videos scroll down a bit into the older videos and you will see the VW. Car applications care about kilograms per kWh stored, and cubic volume per kWh stored. Stationary batteries, not so much. "and we did not want to be in a position that we had exhausted the option to get people's potential life work back in the future if they came today and said, 'I'm encrypted, I can't get my files,'" said Dalgetty. "We did that solely so we could protect the quality and the nature of the information we generate at the university." Maybe your dumb asses should protect things by having offline backups instead? and the disclaimer about how the only semi-viable battery swap company went bankrupt and shut down: http://cleantechnica.com/2013/05/27/no-better-place-battery-... I was not expecting to see a photo of a 12 year old kid holding a Juniper T640 FPC with PICs in it. How often do you let a 12 year old hold something worth possibly $50,000? an alternative to spanning-tree? don't use it and don't try to extend layer 2 switch fabrics beyond a reasonable distance. things at unique geographical locations should not be able to ARP each other. > Right now you can buy a whitebox 'switch' with 40gbps interfaces and load various operating systems that enable different management styles (e.g. OpenFlow control like Google http://opennetsummit.org/archives/apr12/hoelzle-tue-openflow... ). This is all very useful for in-building traffic until you get the traffic to the edge of your datacenter/colo/hosting environment network and need to exchange traffic with other ISPs... At which point you need a serious chassis based router with redundancy and full layer 3 capabilities (example: Juniper MX960, Cisco ASR9006 or 9010). whitebox datacenter switches are a great way to get a lot of 10, 40 and 100 Gbps layer 2 ethernet switch capacity within a datacenter cheaply, they're NOT routers and should not be mistaken with them. They are things that you connect your hypervisor hardware platforms to (example: a whole shitload of 1U servers or facebook/OCP type servers each with dual socket, 16-core xeons in them), is a switch. "Watch the video to get +100 Pts" What is this, some sort of gamification to get people to read and watch more content on the gates website? Do you have any local manufacturer sources for things like fiber optic cables (fully assembled with connectors), patch panels, splice enclosures and other fiber-related stuff for physical infrastructure at OSI layer 1? My coworkers and I (an ISP) have found a number of English speaking websites/vendor sources that ship direct from China to the US, but are interested in exploring what is the price delta between the actual manufacturers and our current vendors, the people who have become dealers/distributors of the gear. SMTP is ancient and we've been piling crap on top of it for 20 years to keep it working (and all the OSI layer 5, 6 and 7 things that depend on mail continuing to flow). SPF, DKIM, DMARC, IMAP daemons that present email over TLS1.2, clamAV and realtime malware scanning/filtering, spamassassin, bayesian filtering and analysis of mail body contents, email-to-SMS gateway, SMS-to-email gateways, I could probably make this list 4x as long. But it doesn't seem to be going away anytime soon. well, .com domains are only like $10, assuming you already have your own DNS and httpd, it's not a bad impulse purchase for 1 year considering I see people regularly spend $6 on a fancy coffee drink. this is a puff piece documentary, but take a look at the scale of the consumer electrical goods manufacturing: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlSHo61nRWw I think what we will see is cheap ($5-10 max) IOT-like modules being integrated into all sorts of random consumer electrical goods. Whether your blender needs to speak bluetooth 4.0 and associate to your home wifi AP is sort of a moot point, at some point in time the modules will get so cheap that they're integrated by default into any device that has electrical power. Whether you need it or not. How useful it'll be is another question. An IOT thing with a relay in every lamp? > will only retrieve balances from open loop prepaid debit cards so the poor get fucked two ways: 1) these prepaid debit cards have a lot of fees and service charges associated with them, they're basically in the same financial category for the "unbanked" as predatory payday loans, check cashing places and other financial services retail operations you see in a ghetto. 2) the people who have these cards with some balance on them risk getting all their money jacked by the local police. Anything that breaks DKIM so the signature coming from your SMTPd is no longer valid, not matching the public key published in your DNS records, will make your mail MUCH more likely to be flagged as spam. except that it's not set in silicon valley at all, it's set in the early 1980s Texas PC/semiconductor industry they're done worse with the hardware - in the garage with the GPU rigs there were a few brief shots of a cisco 6500 chassis with totally the wrong linecards for what they would be doing. actually a 6500 would be the wrong platform entirely. > Peter Gregory = Peter Thiel > Russ Hanneman = Mark Cuban it's so obvious when you look at the sources - Peter Thiel and Blueseed/libertarian idealist offshore things, and the oil rig offshore thing in the first season. and WHO PUT RADIO ON THE INTERNET?!?!?! THAT'S RIGHT - ME. Never met Mark Cuban, is he really anything like that? RIMjobs for everyone! Oh they're still the apex of something, now they're the apex of Ontario-Quebec region Canadian technology corporation failures, having taken the place of the previous reigning champion, Nortel. it's more meta than that, the 6500 satirizes itself with how people use it That is really, really creepy. I will not pay money to or enter into any sort of business relationship with a real estate firm that wants to be on my Facebook 'friends' list. Except the "beneath" part, I think that's more of a reference to Peter Thiel and Blueseed/Seasteading. As likely as that is for 98% of the population, everyone on my list is somebody I know face to face. And I don't put personal milestones/problems/drama on facebook. More like technology news posts about Keurig cup DRM systems, ipv4 exhaustion and old German cars. I'd love to see the inaccurate results of a profile created entirely based on that content. And now the Weissman score is a real thing? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weissman_score There is no proper English accent, to a New Zealander, people born in California sound weird. developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers developers cocaine is a hell of a drug. Having spent some time in India and Pakistan, the actor's accent (Kumail Nanjiani) is upper class/elite Pakistani English, most likely influenced by going to a good quality private school. His pronunciation of certain words is similar to the English spoken by, for example, senior Pakistani journalists on their domestic television channels or politicians in Islamabad. “While taking a piss in the men's room, I stare into a thin, web-like crack above the urinal's handle and think to myself that if I were to disappear into that crack, say somehow miniaturize and slip into it, the odds are good that no one would notice I was gone. No...one...would...care. In fact some, if they noticed my absence, might feel an odd, indefinable sense of relief. This is true: the world is better off with some people gone. Our lives are NOT all interconnected. That theory is a crock. Some people truly do not NEED to be here.” ― Bret Easton Ellis, American Psycho > which tries to filter out suicidal employees The cynic in me says they don't particularly care about the high suicide rate of assembly line factory workers in China, as long as said factory workers don't off themselves while on company property or at the company dormitory. Because that's bad PR, guys. Really happy with my oneplus one which I have had for two years now. Excellent battery life and does everything I want. One of the most important things for me is that it can run CyanogenMod vs. the crap android that is found on phones from LG, Samsung, Lenovo and others. CM is close enough to stock android + a bunch of extra tweaks/toggles that it's perfect for my purposes. I haven't run Oneplus' OxygenOS on it, but based on the videos and screenshots I've seen it looks like since their falling out with CM, they've basically re-implemented many of Cyanogen's features in OxygenOS. I have had a oneplus one for 2 years, running cyanogen on it, and have gone through all the OTA updates to the latest 6.x based OS with no hiccups. My only complaint about cyanogenmod is their recent push to integrate microsoft onedrive services and other microsoft "cloud" stuff, which you can just ignore... We had a previous discussion about this, and for its price ($675 with no RAM or SSD?) you can build a really nice mini-ITX system that uses a full size PCI-Express 3.0 video card. The mini-itx system will run circles around this with its laptop CPU. With the right mini-itx case it will still fit nicely into a home theatre setup or in relatively small spaces. Doesn't entirely fix the problem, but using public/private key auth and a private key created just for the backup cron job, the server can push a backup via scp/ssh to its own user account which on the destination end is chrooted into a particular backup destination directory. > Steps 1 and 2 are more subject to state law, but their step 3 Step 1: Collect underpants Step 2: ??? Step 3: Profit It will be difficult to find anything with a mini-itx motherboard (170x170mm size, standard ATX type rear I/O plate) or smaller that supports ECC RAM. There's lots of ways to put a nearly silent water cooling system on a 65W TDP CPU, have an awesome GPU in it and keep it fairly small, but the ECC RAM part will require you to use a workstation/server class motherboard. I don't think you can treat it like a commodity exchange (futures contracts for N tons of soybeans, for example), even if you restict the platform only to dried flower bud product and ignore every other form of cannabis, due to the extreme variety of types of flower and plant. It would be like trying to have a chicago mercantile exchange commodity platform for wine. The cost of building large 5+ floor concrete structures that can take significant floor loading in kilograms per square meter? Building vertical anything isn't cheap, this is why you see massive cloud scale datacenters built into "shell" warehouse buildings that are tilt-up concrete walls, the whole thing 1 story high sitting on a concrete slab. Usually in some places where land is cheap in $/square meter. Example: Datacenters in The Dalles, OR. For those saying "why fail2ban?", fail2ban can be used for a great deal more than just watching the sshd log. You can activate fail2ban rules for apache and nginx which help significantly with small DDoS, turning spurious traffic/login attempts into iptables DROP rules. And a lot of other daemons. Yes. Doing this 'manually' step by step lets you choose which things are really necessary, your configuration might be different, and forces you to learn WHAT it's doing rather than just running a script. I am not a huge fan of Arch Linux (prefer debian unstable), but this is the same principle as the Arch Linux installation process which doesn't have a monolithic installer but forces you to do the process manually step-by-step. There is a Greek food place on south 1st ave in Seattle that advertises "BEST YEEROS IN TOWN!" on their sign. Yes they know what a Gyro is and how it's really spelled. On the flip side of this, white expat professionals sent to work in management roles for multinational companies in Pakistan and India will frequently find that their equivalently-ranked colleagues have better spelling and grammar than they do, having studied the Queen's English in elite private schools since kindergarten. The only major difference being pronunciation. Basically the caveman version of the PUA approach. Be willing to make a boorish fool of yourself, have no shame in what you're doing and some percentage of responses will be positive. 419 scammers tricked into re-enacting monty python dead parrot sketch: http://boingboing.net/2007/02/20/419-scammers-tricked.html 419 scammers tricked into hand writing and scanning an entire harry potter book: https://techcrunch.com/2008/01/16/scambaiting-at-its-finest-... I realize this is a real thing, but "investment grade wine" sounds like such a preposterously stereotypical WASP thing... I'm sure they have a storage facility in the Hamptons. Calling Peter Thiel, if there's about to be a glut of unwanted "old Panamax" container ships on the market for charter, maybe some will be for sale? Buy a few, strap them together and put them 13 miles off the coast of SF. What can possibly go wrong? in a lot of individual 20 or 40 ft long amenities, as long as your amenities are not wider than 8' and 9.5 ft high. This is potentially very interesting for medium sized drones that need 12+ hour endurance, as lithium ion/lipo batteries just don't have the energy density of gasoline... Even when you lose 50% to heat in a typical internal combustion engine the kilojoules per kilogram is so much greater in a liquid hydrocarbon fuel. I think the big difference is this is really, really light weight and tiny compared to a small aviation engine. More in the category of something you would power a 100 kilogram drone with than an ultralight or LSA category aircraft. > but it'll be expensive and heavy, like 5 HP and it'll be 100+ pounds. tl;dr: affordable, efficient, light weight: Pick any two ? It's a two stroke engine with oil mixed into the fuel, I don't think the intended users (there's such a thing as competition racing micro motorcycles??!) care too much about fuel efficiency... In ships a portion of the waste heat from the engine is also used to pre-heat the fuel tank and lines to make it easier to pump, as heavy bunker oil is extremely thick at 'room' temperature. If I had to guess, their first priority is launching new rockets that generate revenue, with paying customers' payloads on them (as all of the recent Falcon 9 launches have been), rather than a self funded R&D flight. I don't think any paying customer would put anything other than a boilerplate/test article satellite on the very first ever re-use of a first stage. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volkswagen_1-litre_car aerodynamics on a car taken to the extreme, to the extent that it has cameras and LCDs instead of side/rear view mirrors. The insurance companies which insure commercial telecom satellite launches are EXTREMELY risk averse - I would be surprised if you see a commercial launch in any of the first eight re-uses of first stages. Government/science payload/R&D, yes. LEO or geostationary transfer orbit commercial, no. edit: you might see a commercial flight with a never-flown-before prototype commercial satellite bus (example: like a geostationary bus the size of a boeing 702 with a novel never before tested type of ion propulsion stationkeeping system, or a new battery system, or something else weird). I don't think it's "cars" are getting weird, it's just this one weird Tesla and their business model... The article says: "Cars are big computers, and have been for a while" Doesn't mean we need to treat them like software development platforms. Most of the challenges are still at OSI layer 1 and most of the problems to deal with are mechanical: Tire still wear out, disc brakes still function much as they did 10 or 15 years ago (and wear out), wheel bearings, hydraulic systems for power steering, etc. Given that cars have much longer lifespans than typical consumer electronics, the last thing I want is a car with a built in 10" touchscreen running some ancient version of Android. I'd rather have some sort of standardized modular system where I can put my own tablet-sized computer in an appropriate place and have it get power, audio sync with the car's speakers. Look at the crap infotainment systems built into 2015 and 2016 model Toyotas, Hondas and Nissans and compare it with a good $400 Android 6.x tablet. Do you really want that same un-updated OS and software for ten years? The idea of the "double DIN" size car stereo mounting location was a good one, but we need something bigger than this, and with standardized cable connectors: http://www.autodvdgps.com/ebay/ZC620/ebay-3.jpg Carmakers, please find a way to separate the 'infotainment' part of the car's computer from the embedded computer that's actually required for the car to run (engine timing/valves, fuel injectors, mixture, emissions monitoring, intake oxygen sensor, etc). In things like smart TVs, smart fridges with LCDs on them, and infotainment systems in cars, this is sadly the exception and not the norm. Hardware-oriented manufacturers push a product out the door and things frequently get little or no updated after that. I'm willing to bet money that in ten years from now, a lot of 2016/2017 model year Toyotas that ship today with some sort of infotainment touchscreen system in them will be still running the exact same software. In fifteen years from now such cars will look as quaint as the cars from the 1980s with full LED dashes: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/db/Vfd_car.... You have just described a car like a Suzuki Mehran (manufactured today in Karachi, Pakistan) and similar small cars manufactured in India. They're immensely popular in the developing world because such cars are frequently the first proper enclosed, 4-seat vehicle a newly middle class family can afford. It is rather messed up that a broken infotainment system can kill the climate control. If your infotainment system is down but there is nothing physically wrong with the AC compressor or fan system it should not prevent you from using the AC in 43C weather. That's as close as I've seen yet to a touchscreen-system software problem breaking the mechanical driving functionality of a car. Makes fucking up a remote firmware update on a $45,000 router look like a tiny hiccup, by comparison. South Park definitely set a precedent. There was also a very active community of sharing MPEG1 recordings of Futurama in the warez 'scene' from the very first episode which aired in March 1999. Looks fine in Lynx, too! http://imgur.com/yAEimmZ ... and god help you if you were a 'scene' group and released a movie in anything other than a multi-part RAR set of 15MB files containing 2 x 700MB files. nuked! THEY'RE GOING FOR THE GARBAGE FILE!!! It's almost as if a cryptocurrency system used by the grey market and black market sections of the internet contained actual blackhats. What a surprise. Much as I hate to link to reddit, for effective and biting criticism of cryptocurrencies: http://reddit.com/r/buttcoin hell yes, let's all put $150 million in something with no QA or security audit, what can possibly go wrong? also, I need to buy a gallon of PCP. screw that, I'm putting all my money into giant round stones with holes in the centre. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rai_stones eth is traded to and from bitcoin on various exchanges, so it's a parallel. Or just manually specify which keyset to use with the SSH "-i" identity option for the specific thing you're connecting to. I could have a hundred different public/private key sets stored in my ~/.ssh/ if necessary. This seems about as well thought out as: "Nip Alert is a GPS-driven app designed to give users "the location of a woman with erect nipples." It was created by Big Head, and is Erlich's example to Richard of "showing promise." The stripper Mochachino, who shows her nipples for a living, finds the app uncomfortable to use and sexist. " ISP network engineering/operational support software team here: People need to be able to find two hours of time (over a 5-6 day period) to complete a small take home project. When they do it and how they do it is up to them. If somebody can't do this then they would not be a good fit to be in the on-call rotation where 1 out of every 5 or 6 weeks you could have alert emails and phone calls ringing on your phone at 3am. Sorry, but five to six nines statistical uptime over one year demand it. 2500-3000 hours billable typical result: burn-out, alcoholism, drug abuse, self destructive behaviors, infidelity. > Marin > $22 egg sandwich I can hear the world's smallest violin playing for the wealthy snobs of Marin County. Just a warning: If you mess around with ANY of this and: a) don't have specific written permission from the FCC or Industry Canada (or your local spectrum regulator) and/or b) Don't do it in a good quality faraday cage You deserve an FCC party van... In the example of wanting to access a computer in your home, you can implement this fairly easily using entirely free software with VNC-over-SSH, but it's depending on having a public IP address and open port on your home NAT/router. One of the main reasons that things like gotomypc and teamviewer have been successful in the market is the huge number of people who don't know how to/don't care to take the time to set up an SSH tunneled setup, and want something to "just work" through NAT. My setup looks something like this, with public/private key SSH auth. Copied and pasted from my notes, hostnames and IP addresses redacted: ------- I have a static /30 and forward port 445 on the external side of my home router, through the NAT to port 22 on the workstation PC in my rfc1918 IP space. workstationhostname.domainname.org normally has vnc session listening on port 5901 localhost only, spawned with: vnc4server -geometry 1920x1200 -localhost This is for use with an SSH tunnel coming from hostname.ofmy.static.slash30.org:445 through NAT to workstationname.rfc1918.ip.address port 22 To access from the outside world, on the client, do the following: ssh -v -L 5901:localhost:5901 -N -f -l myusername -p 445 hostname.ofmy.static.slash30.org use client system's vnc client software to connect to 127.0.0.1:5901 To access from inside the LAN, on the client, do the following: ssh -v -L 5901:localhost:5901 -N -f -l myusername -p 22 workstationname.rfc1918.ip.address use client system's vnc client software to connect to 127.0.0.1:5901 which leaves your computer open to the internet by a simple login and password on the default rdp port 3389. Not nearly as good as SSH public/private key auth where the SSH private key also has its own passphrase on it. I suppose you could, on the SDR, but then no standard feature phone or smartphone would talk to it. https://twitter.com/internetofshit?lang=en When everything else fails because a massive catastrophe has hit your local area, even something as big as a 9.2 earthquake destroying most of California... Everything satellite based (that is not dependent on teleports in CA) will still function fine. Amateur radio is nice and all for voice communication, but for IP data you could still use: a) C, Ku and Ka-band VSAT terminals via geostationary satellite, to earth station anywhere else in the same hemisphere. Example: 1.2m VSAT in CA, teleport in TX. There are all sorts of mobile VSAT systems including auto-aim/auto tracking antennas and military grade ones that will fit into a large backpack. b) Handheld satellite phones: Iridium phones will work fine after a huge clusterfuck disaster. And run on a lot less power than a ham radio rig. They use a LEO satellite network. The Inmarsat iSatphone talks to the I-4 series of geostationary satellites and will work fine. c) Portable L and S-band laptop sized Inmarsat terminals (BGAN), again speaking to the I-4 series satellites. These are about the size of a fat laptop and also require a lot less power than a ham radio setup. Speeds from 100 to 500 kbps depending on spot beam capacity/utilization and TDMA contention ratio. Some have built in wifi hotspots, others have a 100BaseTX interface to plug in your own router. You can do all sorts of useful VoIP tricks with Iridium and Inmarsat satellite phones - both services offer regular US NPA DIDs that ring on your phone, and it's easy to set up a phone with a short 50 ohm coaxial cable to an exterior roof antenna if you need to semi-permanently install one on the desk of an indoor command center/disaster relief comms post. edit: The major use of geostationary satellite in a disaster is to repair and bring back online a broken/islanded TCP/IP network. You can show up to a completely off-net command center (for example: Disaster operations HQ for City of San Francisco) and bring it back online to the outside world by parking a 1 to 2 meter sized VSAT dish on the roof and connecting a satellite modem to the WAN uplink of their router. Satellite serves a different and complementary purpose to ham radio which is almost purely analog voice in a disaster scenario. Two people can carry the equipment needed to bring a 5 Mbps x 5 Mbps pipe with 0.0% packet loss. Drawing from direct personal experience in the defense contracting industry, I can guarantee you that if a major Class-A clusterfuck disaster hits somewhere in the US, you'll see the military and federal response heavily using satellite. In-the-clear VHF, UHF and shortwave radio, sure, a lot of it, and the military equivalents thereof for their own communications, but you'd also see things like homeland security command trucks with 1.8 meter VSAT terminals on the roof parked outside major metro areas' hospitals. Satellite can also be used to quickly restore portions of a badly damaged telecommunications system (mobile phone carriers and LTE networks) by giving an islanded/disconnected network a new multi-Mbps uplink to the outside world. With the right ground terminal equipment and transponder capacity you can do 130 Mbps full duplex through a relatively small portable satellite terminal. Such a pipe can be connected to a LEC network, to a mobile phone carrier, to a major ISP, to just about anything given the right network engineering expertise. Might want to look into how many local amateur radio clubs' mountaintop VHF / UHF radio repeaters are dependent on the electrical grid continuing to function... They're not as autonomous as they seem at first glance. Shortwave and other bands for longer distance communications are not as dependent upon regional repeaters, sure, but take a look at how many VHF/UHF repeater sites are wired into the same grid as the other telecom things on their hills. Not very many of them have been built as fully off-grid photovoltaic/wind power. I am 99% certain you are just trolling, but you advocate replacing written technical documents and written science with oral tradition? Riiiiighhttt...... The ubiquiti unifi video server (formerly aircam?) is ridiculously easy to set up on a local x86-64 linux system. They give away the software free for use with their IP cameras. Or it need not be physically local, the server could be on the other end of a VPN tunnel from the layer2 LAN that physically contains multiple security cameras. Put IP cameras in their own VLAN on a network that also contains network DVR software. Access it via VPN tunnel and/or https. For unauthorized access to an individual camera somebody would need to be on the same layer 2 broadcast domain as the camera, local on site. Following that principle, if an adversary has physical access to a device it's likely pwned anyways. Low-bandwidth, text based communications? There have been purely text based IRC servers (and XMPP/Jabber) on SIPRnet since 2003 or around then. All IP data and frequently implemented over geostationary satellite. It was interesting seeing what people in FOBs in Kunar province want to talk about. Very much agreed that getting non military people to learn communications discipline would be difficult. I think if you find your local 911 call centre/sheriffs office or other major facility that will meet the category of "continuity of essential services", you'll find that it already has several Iridium phones active on standby accounts funded by FEMA/US DHS money. So the money is already being spent. For VSAT, a great deal of the DHS funded geostationary federal government satellite capacity (in terms of chunks of kHz on FDD transponders in space) is already there and being paid for on long term contracts whether it's actively in use or not. I know more than ten people who've been to India with Iridium phones and no problems. They're "technically" against the law in the same way that 80% of the adult content on the Internet is in violation of Indian law. There's all kinds of stuff that's technically illegal in India and laws that everybody ignores in daily practice. What you're looking at in that news article is the end result of a failed bribery/shakedown attempt by corrupt Indian police and a stupid white foreigner who was too dumb to know when to pay Rs1000. If there is a megascale disaster here (Seattle/Vancouver area), I know who I'm going to for my emergency electricity needs to power communciations gear, and it's certainly not the local amateur radio greybeards... It's the ISP network engineering people who have 'enable' on the core routers for many of the larger regional ASNs and have been collecting things like 40kW diesel generators for their houses, and datacenters with massive fuel storage on site. In the real world, dealing with handheld and vehicle mounted VHF/UHF transmitters in the 2.5, 5 and 10W transmit power range, having local repeaters in high places like mountaintops or on top of 200m tall office buildings is extremely necessary for that repeater to cover even 1/20th of the land area of a western US state (WA, OR size). > The federated systems, email, IRC, and Usenet, have been replaced by Gmail, WhatsApp, and Facebook Ease of use by the vast hordes of hundreds of millions of completely non technical endusers and thousands of person-hours by highly paid UI/UX designers have trumped decentralization and autonomy. point, click, drool. some fun SSL history: SSL Acceleration hardware cards! http://www.kegel.com/ssl/hw.html from the days when a webserver might be a 200 MHz Pentium Pro... I give the average ham emergency-response person 10 out of 10 points for motivation and enthusiasm, unfortunately, in the modern era IP and packet based emergency communications systems are increasingly much more important than half duplex analog radio channels. They are also seriously hampered by finances - ham projects are a labor of love for the mostly age 45+ males who are the vast majority of the community. I didn't mean to be dismissive or insulting by calling them greybeards, but if you google "ham radio shack" and look at the pictures of people about 9 out of 10 of the people who are seriously into the hobby are older white men who fit a particular demographic niche. It's a much less diverse community than the Internet engineering/IP community as a whole. Not that a NANOG or APNIC meeting has a great deal of female gender representation or ethnic minorities, but the demographic skews a great deal younger. Regarding the finances - projects funded out of peoples' pockets and small funding sources won't be able to build the sort of serious five to six nines reliability networks with significant N+1 redundancy that will survive a major disaster. The amount of money that has been thrown around via the US DHS to local agencies in the past 14 years is immense. Similarly, large ISPs and major telecoms and their infrastructure providers (major IX points, datacenters, colos) have put a metric shitload of money into being able to survive a major disaster. Look at the engineering of the NAP of the Americas in Miami, for instance. In a major disaster I know of at least a dozen ISPs that might lose 75% of their network, towards the edges, as sites run out of battery and generator and fall of the network, but the remaining 25% of the network including their core will remain online for multi-week periods with fun things like 50,000 liter diesel tanks and N+1 2 megawatt generators. The telecom industry has a long tradition of seriously overbuilding stuff to survive disasters. In a serious disaster, small transportable first responder command posts and similar need access to services that can only be delivered over reasonably-close-to-broadband IP services: GIS mapping, sending/receiving photos and schematics, logistics manifests, VoIP with 0.0% packet loss, medical data and a myriad of other things that you can't do by half duplex voice alone. The ham radio version of the mall ninja! http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Mall_ninja I wouldn't say that ALL open source people don't know how to do UI/UX, but in my experience it's a stereotype that's rooted in a truth which is most BSD/GPL/Apache licensed software developers put greater emphasis on the backend of the code than the frontend UI/UX. There are some notable exceptions of things that have great https/browser based UI: Take a look at Rainloop webmail for example. Considering that the billionaire investor behind it has zero track record of implementing massive construction projects (on the scale of Samsung working as a prime contractor for the Burj Khalifa, for example), I'm very suspicious that it's anything other than vaporware... No, it's the government's excuse to crack down on foreign journalists poking their noses into places where they don't want them to go (Maoist insurgencies, for example). Getting a "burner" phone in India on GSM networks is ridiculously easy and costs about ten bucks. Actual terrorists like Laskar-e-Taiba are well aware that using a satellite phone is one of the quickest and most effective ways to get your calls listened to by the NSA. Iridium has effectively zero security and all of its calls pass through a few centralized gateways. > and single malt whiskey Ripper: Mandrake? Mandrake: Yes, Jack? Ripper: Have you ever seen a Commie drink a glass of water? Mandrake: Well, I can't say I have. Ripper: Vodka, that's what they drink, isn't it? Never water? Mandrake: Well, I-I believe that's what they drink, Jack, yes. Ripper: On no account will a Commie ever drink water, and not without good reason. Mandrake: Oh, eh, yes. I, uhm, can't quite see what you're getting at, Jack. Ripper: Water, that's what I'm getting at, water. Mandrake, water is the source of all life. Seven-tenths of this earth's surface is water. Why, do you realize that seventy percent of you is water? Mandrake: Uh, uh, Good Lord! Ripper: And as human beings, you and I need fresh, pure water to replenish our precious bodily fluids. Mandrake: Yes. Ripper: Are you beginning to understand? Mandrake: Yes. Ripper: Mandrake. Mandrake, have you never wondered why I drink only distilled water, or rain water, and only pure-grain alcohol? Mandrake: Well, it did occur to me, Jack, yes. Ripper: Have you ever heard of a thing called fluoridation. Fluoridation of water? Mandrake: Uh? Yes, I-I have heard of that, Jack, yes. Yes. Ripper: Well, do you know what it is? Mandrake: No, no I don't know what it is, no. Ripper: Do you realize that fluoridation is the most monstrously conceived and dangerous Communist plot we have ever had to face? On the receiving side: Ensure that your world-facing port 25 smtpd is properly pipelining all incoming emails through openDKIM so that their headers are tagged with openDKIM validation or lack thereof. This can work in conjunction with spamassassin. A huge part of the problem is that while your personal smtpd might be set up impeccably, you're in the same /24 as a bunch of other low cost bulk hosting customers that have in the past several years set up VPS with much less clue than you. As a result the entire ARIN netblock that your server resides in has a "poor" IP space reputation as seen by the opaque incoming anti-spam measures put in place by Microsoft and Google. There's very little that can be easily done about this other than moving your smtpd to an ipv4 address with an ISP that has never had an outgoing spam problem (such as for example a /24 that's been held by the same company for 8+ years, in ARIN/RIPE/APNIC/whatever space very tightly controlled by the network engineering team of a clueful local ISP where you know the staff). There's a pretty direct inverse correlation between the cost of a hosting service ($5/mo VPS vs. minimum $200/mo colocation of a 1U server) and how much outgoing abuse traffic has been sent from the particular netblock assigned to the enduser customers. Cheap hosting company = poor IP space reputation. Black tea actually has about double the caffeine of typical green tea. Yes, sort of, but not really a new problem. Low budget hosting companies have had poor IP space reputations and outgoing spam problems since such a thing as a hosting company began to exist, 20 years ago, way before there was such a thing as an x86-64 bare metal hypervisor or a VPS. The lower the cost the less clueful the customers. The problem is more on the google and MS side. Not really bullshit if you find the right hosting company. There's shitty $200/mo single server colo options, and less shitty ones. In my experience it comes down to personally knowing the people who run the ISP and how serious they are about network abuse issues (and general network engineering best practices). If you find a colo/cabinet space hosting company in a major city that's one of the founding members of a major IX there's somewhat more chance that they'll have network engineering staff who take such issues seriously. On the customer side, one of the major bars to entry for clueless/spamming customers is whether it's possible to directly purchase hosting services online with a credit card and have them immediately provisioned and available. If you can get a VPS in 5 minutes by paypal it's easy to be clueless. If you need to set up and ship a server with its rails to a colo it's likely but not guaranteed that you have more clue than usual. Yes, it's likely you might get an IP in a /26 that's part of a hosting company's much larger /22 or /20 which also contains shitty VPS. The key part there is to find a hosting company/ISP that doesn't do low budget hosting and never has. Any major ISP with clue is at least checking SPF, DMARC and DKIM scores on its incoming edge smtpd that talks to the world. How they use the scoring and results for spam filtering varies widely. I agree that the vast majority of people who use email in general, or even the vast majority of people who own a domain name and want to have their own email server are not in our position... The venn diagram of people who are capable of operating a secure Linux or *BSD based email server implementing, for example, SPF, DKIM and DMARC with postfix+opendkim+spamassassin+dovecot overlaps a great deal with the sort of people who want to colocate a $100-200/month server. A lot even have "free" colocation through their work at an ISP or with friends that have extra rack space and power for a small 1U box. It certainly doesn't make sense to spend $200/mo on colocating a server just for email - but if you're colocating a whole physical server in this era, it's not hard to make it a box with 64GB or more of RAM and two good quality 512GB SSDs in RAID-1: Make it a hypervisor platform and put twenty of your own VPS on it doing many different things. Balanced with the need to not centralized too much stuff on one piece of hardware as a single point of failure. Public IP space availability depending, of course. In my experience the best colo is with ISPs that are not actually colo companies, but will only do it as a side thing for people they know and trust. The absolute best colo I've ever had is with a company that has a core business doing X.509/SSL stuff for healthcare enterprise customers. Gear in racks two hops network-topology away from their core routers at a major IX point. The vast majority of people who do not want to maintain and secure a world-facing Linux/BSD based smtpd are probably better off going with a google apps or hosted email solution where all of the smtp and imap/TLS1.2 infrastructure is handled for them. The FAA has in the past sent demand letters and attempted to subpoena documents related to payments from youtube videos. http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2016/06/man-who-built-gun... It cripples not just delivery or beyond-1km remote sensing, but also very local stuff like "We want to use a drone with a camera to inspect the condition of our warehouse roof". As much as I enjoy Indian vegetarian food, as a person that does eat meat, there are also a bewildering variety of dishes possible with the same spices and ingredients with meat added. One example is what you can find in Pakistani cuisine where the vast majority of the population is Muslim and does eat meat. There is of course a great deal of culinary overlap in the Punjab region, food is much older than the 1947 partition. If you ever visit Lahore I highly recommend trying the local restaurants. Grocery store chicken in North America has no flavor or texture because of the speed it's "grown" in factory farms. Almost to the point where a fried chicken breast is like a mass of dense meat-like wonderbread. I'm no organic foods/free range/whatever zealot, but if you eat a chicken raised on a small farm in Pakistan or Indonesia it probably took 3x as long to grow to full size, ate a much more varied diet and also has SIGNIFICANTLY more flavor in the meat. Every time I travel outside North America to somewhere in the developing world I'm struck by how much the chicken actually tastes like chicken, whereas in the US you need to specifically search out the "special" expensive chicken to get something that tastes like chicken. See also: https://isotropic.org/papers/chicken.pdf not gun or flamethrower related: http://wtop.com/consumer-tech/2015/03/faa-dont-post-drone-vi... $499!?!?! For $130 I can buy two really good quality 1080p dashcams and two 16GB microSDHC cards (I know, not the intended function of this...) and mount one facing forward and one to the rear. RF/microwave engineer here: It would basically be a giant death ray in space, pushing that amount of energy through the air via microwave or laser is scary as shit. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Space-based_solar_power#Microw... just wait until the space end's aim becomes misaligned... https://www.amazon.com/Black-Box-G1W-C-Capacitor-Dashboard/d... search youtube for "G1W-C" for sample videos. does anyone remember pbase.com for free photo gallery hosting, in around 2002? apparently it still exists with its same basic but functional UI. If we're building space elevators, we could just cover the uninhabited desert parts of libya and algeria with hundreds of square km of photovoltaics... Fuck.you ? it used to be, a long time ago I wouldn't say that India is a "major player" in the satellite launch market yet, considering the reliability record of its rockets: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geosynchronous_Satellite_Launc... They're uninsurable for commercial telecom satellite launches. The PSLV is slightly better but also has a much smaller market. As cool as restoring the power supplies in their original condition is, it might be a lot easier at least temporarily to replace them with modern 5V and 12V units. Also a great deal less damage risk to the electronics on the PCBs which is what's truly rare and irreplaceable. Then you can repair and test the 'old' power supplies at your leisure and put them back into use if full authenticity is required. one more damn thing to charge fun satellite thing: there's actually a LOT of old geostationary orbit telecom satellites which are still alive for command and control, and their transponders still work, but they're out of mainstream commercial service because they've long ago exhausted their station keeping propellant. So you need an earth station dish with two axis tracking motorized servos/gears/stepper motors to talk to them reliably. https://www.google.com/search?client=ubuntu&channel=fs&q=inc... no, they'll just turn it off, in the entire history of geostationary telecom satellites nobody has launched one with enough reserve delta-V/propellant to deorbit itself. To go from a 36,000 x 36,000 km circular orbit to a 36,000 x 250 km orbit (where the atmospheric drag would cause it to reenter) is a LOT of retrograde delta-v required). There's talk of requiring enough reserve propellant to boost to a new 'graveyard' orbit 1000 km beyond geostationary before turning off a satellite, but it's rarely implemented. "the internet collapses the whole time" ? I really wonder what's going on from a layer 1/2 perspective their with last mile connection and ISPs. I'm assuming the british authorities haven't tried to stop the Ecuadorians from ordering ordinary internet service, though of course anything going into/out of there is subject to a great deal of scrutiny and signals intelligence attention. In that part of London they should be able to obtain a fairly ordinary VDSL2 17a profile last mile connection which will be anywhere from 55 to 85 Mbps symmetric depending on how shitty the POTS phone wiring is, and how close the DSLAM is to the premises. The noise pitch of a blade cutting through air and its annoyance level seems to be proportional to the blade's size: Anecdotally, 40mm and 60mm server fans are annoying as fuck compared to 120/140mm size fans. The original post shows that it needs +15V, -15V, +5V and -5V. This could be implemented with four separate high quality active PFC modern power supplies tuned to the right voltages. One thing that's unknown is what the load is for the whole thing, so it'd be necessary to somewhat deliberately oversize the power supplies, but it's not hard to find 700W rated power supplies that will do 15V. Any modern power supply will be safer and more reliable. If there's any doubt about the pinout and cabling arrangement of the old power supplies, it's totally possible to pull the old power supply, repair it as best as possible with new capacitors, power it up on a test bench and probe it to see exactly what its output is. Then match that on a new cable harness with a new power supply. It's not "hacking" to provide +15V or -15V , that's within the range of many good quality tunable 12V power supplies. True, though there's a much greater selection of really high quality (medical grade, even!) active PFC 12V power supplies that will tune to 15V. Some of them even come in specific 15V versions like a Meanwell RSP-750-15: http://www.meanwell.com/mw_search/RSP-750/RSP-750-spec.pdf Based on what I know of Webpass' network architecture, I'd be very surprised if latency was >5ms average from any of their individual on-net buildings back to any of the major IX points where they have routers in the SF Bay area. "Carbon fiber everything" is a really great marketing strategy for a veblen good, primarily because CF is light and looks sexy, but I'm not sure it's a huge technical achievement. If you look at full-CF road bike frames in 2002, 2003 or so they were a super premium priced hand crafted thing. Now they are a commodity item from China and Taiwan that you can buy for $600 if you're building your own road bike. Example: "Chinarello" (Pinarello): https://www.google.com/search?q=chinarello&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8... 800k seems like a lot, but they know that shipping companies will do the math on the fuel+salaries+operating cost consumed by going the "long way", and how many round trips a ship can make per year between points A and B using the canal vs. going the long way around. testing "store and forward" disruption/extreme long latency networking stack technologies and software. it's only 495ms round trip ping time from earth via a geostationary orbit telecom satellite to another location on earth. geostationary works fine for local stuff and works with TCP/IP. latency to mars is between 4 minutes and 24 minutes depending on the alignment of the planets. big difference. It might look like a mesh on a topology diagram but believe me, it has nothing in common with wireless "mesh" networking... I don't have insight into the exact configuration of webpass' routers but they're undoubtedly using fairly ordinary BGP and OSPF between nodes. The wireless links are exclusively high capacity point-to-point trunks. I'm sure their first tier customer service people don't care at all and will just delete the ticket. I demand only the finest quality 16QAM low FEC coherent single wavelength 100 Gbps interface for my condo, doesn't everyone have an ASR9010 with $50,000 100GbE linecard in their closet??? Not Linux, but JunOS on seriously large core routers (T1600, MX960, etc) is a direct FreeBSD derivative. Road bike nerds have known this for a while. If you ride a lot you will immediately feel the acceleration difference in a wheelset that totals around 1450g front and rear with hubs, spokes, nipples and rims (example: White Industries road hubs, Sapim CX-Ray spokes, medium profile high quality aluminum rim) vs the same spoke count "cheap" wheelset that might weigh 1800g. That is all before you get into the category of exotic and expensive deep profile CF rim wheelsets that cost $1500+/pair... Modern VW might be nice from the perspective of a driver but they are a royal pain in the ass to service... Designed as throw away appliances almost. > Helium can be easily retrieved from the atmosphere by fractional distillation Technologically, yes... But the last time I looked into this it is extremely costly in terms of energy (ratio of megawatt-hours consumed by equipment vs. the amount of helium you can compress into tanks). Not very dissimilar from saying "Hydrogen can be easily retrieved from sea water". Yes, it can, it just takes an immense amount of electricity to run the electrolysis process. So unless you are located next to a $100 million photovoltaic plant covering a large section of desert, or are located somewhere else that electricity is incredibly cheap (hydroelectric plants on the Columbia river), it's questionable if the economics work out. OSX: TextWrangler for multi-file GUI text editing. From the perspective of a person who thankfully no longer has to support any Windows based platforms: "Symantec considered harmful" full stop. Let's not forget this: http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/10/still-fuming-over-ht... Symantec should have suffered the CA "death penalty" and had its trust removed from the browsers that hold most of the global market share. In my opinion the bar is set much too high for the "Root CA death penalty". There has really only ever been one case: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DigiNotar Given the propensity of normal end users to click "OK/Accept" through just about anything, I don't think this is a good idea, as another poster points out. There's a reason why it's a multi-step process/warning in Firefox or Chrome to accept a self-signed or invalid SSL certificate from an httpd. If it's a single click yellow warning banner it could do real harm to widespread use and trust of https. ClamAV on public facing smtpd/MX that talk to the world: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clam_AntiVirus I wonder if this aphorism applies, if studied strictly on the basis of economics for homosexual prostitution. saltwater is cancer for boats. basically a hole in the water you throw money into that will always be rapidly subject to accelerated entropy due to salt water. many major marinas in large cities prohibit 'liveaboard' type boats for exactly this reason. You are only "lord and master of your own domain" to a limited extent if you're paying $700/month moorage... You've just exchanged high rent for an apartment for renting a moorage space. There are very few marinas organized on a condominium or coop share ownership model. Maintenance costs are low four digits each year? Yeah, until you need to haul a 60' boat out of the water and scrape + re-paint its hull, which will need to happen on a regular schedule for the life of the vessel. If you want to do this on the cheap, see if you can find an old C-band mesh satellite dish. They can be found for free in rural areas of the US and Canada where people have them rotting in their yard. Like so: http://www.vk3nro.com/122East2014/CBandDish.png Cover in aluminum foil or mylar or whatever is cheap and highly reflective. Cook food at the location of the feed focus. > While it may be manageable for most, I wonder at what point it becomes downright dangerous for people in critical jobs. Based on experience in pakistan, there's already effectively no OSHA and people do very dangerous things in construction/with heavy equipment all the time. Now add dehydration and 43C weather... You can imagine the results. My hovercraft is full of eels: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6D1YI-41ao There are a finite number of instant-provisioning VM/VPS hosts that such an organization can use, in terms of ASNs and IP blocks which are easily identified by netflix. Once Netflix has blocked a /22 or /20 belonging to a colo/VPS/VM hosting ISP, it's worthless bringing up a new VM with the same host. Repeat 30 times, you've run out of hosting companies to work with. we've developed robots that will 'collect' biological matter (slugs) and ferment it into gases which can be used for electrical generation, but it's incredibly inefficient and likely not suited for aviation. http://archive.wired.com/gadgets/miscellaneous/news/2001/10/... Port Moresby is one of the more dangerous places to travel, no matter what gender you are: https://www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice/papua-new-guinea/sa... https://www.theguardian.com/world/2004/sep/22/population.dav... http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/inpictures/2012/09/20129289... If you're male you're less likely to get raped by the local criminal gangs (who I presume are predominantly not interested in sexual relations with men), but just as likely to get stabbed/beaten/robbed and left in a ditch. If Caucasian engineers at an American company created fried chicken, sumo wrestler and sushi filters for specific ethnic target markets they'd be accused of ethnic stereotypes and racism. good luck creating a fried chicken filter targeted at south korea and convincing people it wasn't part of some thinly veiled "fried chickenz and watermelons" plot to insult a large percentage of the american population... kimsufi = OVH , just FYI. The primary difference being that kimsufi has basically no support, you're wholly responsible for whatever OS you're running on the box. The only support is 'wipe and start over'. If you're confident and OK with that it's a lower cost option. fixed that: "tl;dr: If you use software with “Symantec” or “Norton” somewhere in its name, stop what you’re doing and remove it completely." If "Yo" can raise $1.5m of funding at a $10m valuation... https://techcrunch.com/2014/07/18/yo-raises-1-5m-in-funding-... In many major areas there are only one or two refineries anyways - it all comes from the same place and is rebranded. Sometimes with a tiny percentage of some special fuel additive poured in when they fill the gas station's tanks. For example in western WA there is Cherry Point or Anacortes. ARCO gas comes from the same place that refines petrol and diesel for 5 other major brands in the area. Can we promote it with the Cloud to Butt extension? Seems like a logical marketing strategy. How are you supposed to do gasoline delivery without keys to the vehicle, when the driver is absent, if nearly every car sold these days has a fuel cap door that can only be opened from a button inside the vehicle? This is ridiculous tinfoil hat bullshit - a radioisotope thermoelectric generator with encapsulated pellets is NOTHING like a "fat man" design atomic bomb. DPI can most definitely distinguish encrypted phone calls and traffic patterns. It's a lot more kbps of flow than messages. Could also be a reference to Mentats in Fallout(1,2,3,4) which are an addictive drug. Recursively, also a reference to Dune. Hyperloop One preliminary budget priorities: a) hookers b) blow c) everything else Since when are checksums for Debian ISOs "hard to find" ? Trucking companies care a great deal about fuel efficiency, actually: http://www.stemco.com/product/trailertail/ http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/30/automobiles/stretching-tru... The side skirts you see hanging from 53' trailers on the freeway are a cheap example. Some of these hardware improvements will pay for themselves quite quickly if the gain is 0.5 mpg over many hundreds of thousands of km, at normal diesel prices in the US and Canada. Trucking is such a thin margin business that anything which gives a competitive edge in operational costs and $ per km will be adopted quickly. I am guessing it will be more like an engine rebuild on an engine for a 777 - tear down and xray of key parts. The turbopumps and compressors in a rocket engine are very sensitive, high precision parts. Possibly of interest, the giant engines used in the Delta IV Heavy have 80% less part count than an SSME, but they were never intended to be human-rated: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RS-68 Not that it has brought launch costs down much, considering how the ULA loves their juicy government contracts for billion dollar NSA/NRO satellite launches. IIRC the Falcon 9 engine design is the opposite of an RS-68, which is the "one huge fucking engine" design philosophy, which is why a falcon9 has a cluster of many smaller engines and is tolerant of an individual engine failure during launch. I'd be surprised if any insurer would touch the first few re-uses of a first stage, considering how risk averse they are... For the largest commercial market segment which is geostationary telecom satellites in the 1900 to 6000 kilogram size range, they only insure well known and proven launch vehicles. I could see the first stage re-use being used for a government launch of a geostationary weather satellite or similar, or perhaps a NASA funded development project like launching a spare TDRS-type satellite, but I'd be surprised to see a commercial client like Intelsat, AsiaSat, Eutelsat, Arabsat, etc. If you ever want a directory of every sketchy unsafe third world airline on the planet, here it is: "List of airlines banned from EU airspace" http://ec.europa.eu/transport/modes/air/safety/air-ban/doc/l... It might depend where in the flight the engine fails, assuming we're talking about the first stage. If I had to guess, a GTO mission (placing a payload in a 36,000 km x 350 km elliptical orbit) could still be successful with an engine failure in the first stage after 65-75% of the fuel had been burned, and the vehicle was generally lighter, allowing the burn time to be adjusted longer to reach the same velocity at the point of first stage cutoff and separation to ignition of the second stage. But this guess comes from dozens of hours spent playing Kerbal Space Program.... Even better are the manholes you can see near major satellite earth stations labeled "TELEPORT" http://lh3.ggpht.com/_hVfE2qcyzXU/TJvJ6mq58zI/AAAAAAAAAhA/uW... Teleport, of course, is a common industry term for any facility that serves two way Tx/Rx satellite services... But ordinary people find it amusing to stand on them and take a photo. This is how NASA got many billions of funding from the USAF for part of the space shuttle program - look through the list of flights in the 1980s where the payload was an unspecified national security satellite. The capability was promised and it was funded for it - but almost never used. The actual ability to grab a big thing and return it was hardly ever used, such as the LDEF mission. It doesn't help that a huge percentage of Soviet satellites that they might want to have grabbed would have been unreachable from a space shuttle launch site (IMINT satellites in 90 degree inclination polar orbits, satellites in molniya orbits, radar naval observation satellites in MEO orbits) all beyond the orbit/delta-V capabilities of a shuttle mission. And of course geostationary orbit where no human has ever gone. That's great how there is a measurement of 2.5MB per cubic meter. I've love to see a 1 x 1 x 1 meter cube of rope memory... Imagine the person hours required to do something like that, you'd have to hire professional persian carpet weavers or something. If I were a national signals intelligence agency with a correspondingly huge multi-billion dollar budget, it would be trivial to run a large percentage of tor exit nodes... You could probably achieve it with 500 individual 1U servers colocated with random hosting companies around the globe at a budget of $250/mo * 500 = $125,000/mo, which is a tiny drop in the bucket compared to the traffic analysis capability it would give you, with the ability to capture all traffic entering/exiting each node's world-facing public ipv4/ipv6 interfaces. edit: The major challenge would probably be continually violating various hosting companies' TOS/AUPs and getting service shut off, which would be a continual churn of provisioning new physical servers, shipping them to locations, arranging for plausibly deniable billing, etc. All of these challenges you've described are why Facebook's drone group also has a team working on 60/70/80 GHz PTP millimeter wave radio tech. Not very dissimilar from existing high-capacity 1GbE 60/70/80 GHz bridge radio products on the market now, from a radio perspective (example, one polarity in a 1500 MHz wide FDD channel in the 71-86 GHz bandplan, 256QAM modulation with ATPC+ACM), but self-aiming and motorized with stepper motors/servo mechanisms and service-channel data transfer for GPS-assisted aiming at a moving platform. I'm curious: How does an ecommerce physical product delivery service in India solve a major problem, namely that there are taxes and customs tariffs when goods are transported exclusively within India, from warehouse to customer delivery location, across Indian state boundaries? I've seen the queues of cargo trucks waiting at state borders for tax purposes and it seems like a grossly inefficient bureaucratic nightmare. see also, "great wall of sand": https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_wall_of_sand Actually it's not difficult to determine, this is not in the article, North Korea has VERY small allocations of publicly routable ipv4 space from APNIC. It used to be as small as a single /24. It's also possible they're using IP space from several of their upstream Chinese ISPs that they are dependent upon, in which case it would be much more difficult to determine than an IP is physically located in .KP rather than on the Chinese side of the border. I'm not talking about anything other than going through free space air with clear Fresnel zone, this is for backhaul/trunk links... A drone might be a flying series of sector antennas/phased array in 5.x GHz serving CPE radios, but it also needs an uplink. Everyone knows the picomussolini is the correct SI measurement unit. via Paperclip, yes, but he's German-Latvian. amusing about the new TLDs for their internal use, it looks like Donuts LLC (the company which runs a shitload of new GTLDs) and north korea have similar lines of thinking, but for very different reasons. http://www.donuts.domains/services/domain-names The problem that got Colvin killed is at the RF/layer 1 layer in the OSI stack... Iridium and Inmarsat phones operate in the L and S bands (1.2 to 2.0 GHz) which is not difficult to do radio frequency direction finding on, if the Tx source remains active. Particularly easy if you have access to Russian military grade DF equipment. The protocol layers and crypto are moot if you are radiating and have a determined DF adversary. Fun history: does anyone remember 32-bit/33MHz bus PCI crypto accelerator cards? I remember seeing them for sale around 2000/2001 with openbsd driver support. https://www.google.com/search?num=100&ei=oSGRV9uAHM2OjwOPxZK... A typical handheld satellite phone doesn't stay powered up and on net much, if it's in a backpack or being carried around... You need to be standing with a clear sky view to use one. But if you're a journalist in a war zone sleeping in the same location 3 or 4 days in a row and making one 5-minute phone call a day, or sending iridium SMS a few times daily from the same lat/long, that is enoigh to DF you. A lot of gliders do this and are designed for grass/turf airstrips. OpenNMS. It is a java memory pig but is used by some of the twenty largest ASNs (by CAIDA ASRANK) in north america. Truly open source and free. Very extensible. Large development community behind it and many constant updates. If you're on a month to month lease and do anything to piss off your landlord (commercial real estate, not residential) they have no obligation to continue accepting your money. I don't see why they're surprised. What does a template wework lease look like? Electrolyzing water is so inefficient in terms of Watt hours consumed that it is really only practical (unsubsidized) if your electricity is 2 cents/kWh or less, which is cheaper than even the very lowest cost hydroelectric used by huge data centers in the dalles, OR and Grant and Douglas counties in WA, which have the record lowest industrial kWh rates. Energy cost from wind may go negative for very short periods of time, fluctuating, but if you include the capital cost of building huge wind turbines and connecting them to the grid, the average yearly cost of electricity from huge wind farms (unsubsidized) is not lower than 6.5 to 8.5 euro-cents per kWh. It's a lot better than hydrocarbons but it is NOT competitive for huge constant base loads with rare specific geographic hydropower bargains (2.5 US cents/kWh for "all you can eat") power if you can locate a facility very close to the Grand Coulee or Rocky Reach dams on the Columbia river. A huge number of European apartment buildings have NO on site parking spaces whatsoever. Look at most of the apartments in Berlin for example. It's all street parking, or you have to rent a space in a parking garage somewhere. Thanks, Bush, and the religious fundies who hijacked the Republican party! yep, it's the federal government, there's a section on how to deal with an "active shooter". tl;dr: bend over and kiss your ass goodbye Threatening person with a weapon Stay calm and signal a coworker for help. Have that person call 911 and then call the Security Command Center. Maintain eye contact and stall for time. Keep talking but follow the instructions of the person who has the weapon. Never grab for a weapon. Watch for a chance to escape to a safe area. Active Shooter Evacuate if possible. Keep your hands up and leave all belongings. Hide out if evacuation is not possible. Stay out of view. Lock doors and block entry. Take action as a last resort only when your life is in imminent danger. Attempt to disrupt and/or incapacitate the shooter by: Acting as aggressively as possible. Throwing items and improvising weapons. Yelling. Committing to your actions. Introduce Shelly to Lenny: http://reddit.com/r/itslenny/ You only need to google "bush abstinence only program" to see a great deal of documentation of the changes the Bush administration made to sex-education funding, both domestic and international: https://www.google.com/search?q=bush+abstinence+only+program... Every person has a charging station? There are vast numbers of apartments in the world that have zero parking, it is all street parking. Look at capitol hill in Seattle for an example. Asking for a $450 steak dinner from a vendor (backbone ISP Network operations, we buy $180,000 routers) would get you fired by those who decide on the next generstion cire routers and dwdm platform, on the spot. The most hilarious thing about hootsuite is that it is sometimes touted by technology press as the biggest/best/most prominent technology firm in Vancouver. Compared to the companies in Seattle or SF it is a joke. And so is the Vancouver job market. Running all of my own authoritative and recursive DNS on my own hardware I own/control. From a financial perspective it is not that costly to build a 300 meter guyed tower. FM radio stations in the Midwest and TV stations do it all the time. I've heard figures of around $2 million total for an 1800' in ND. Yes you could build a tower and rent space on it. Whether this makes sense for a local government to do is another question. Light in fiber moves at about 0.66c due to bouncing off the walls of the fiber trillions of times in a short distance. It is a really good question whether it is the morally correct thing for ANYONE to aid and abed HFT firms. I have lived in shipping containers converted into housing, and that is a really poorly done example of such. Considering the financial resources this guy must have, it is not difficult to do such a conversion properly. Dilettante. Further, the individual traffic streams in a 10 gigabit per second circuit would be encrypted at layers 4 through 7. Assuming that people are using properly implemented public /private key cryptography, of course. Even so, the metadata of who is talking to who and traffic flow analysis is very valuable to the NSA. All of this FUD about bars and restaurants is a solved problem in Canada, where almost everyone uses Interac chip and pin cards. There are lots of hardware choices of portable wireless chip and pin terminals for restaurant use. Anecdotally I don't know of a single ISP that buys N x 10 Gbps transpacific or transatlantic waves/transport (ex: one Wilshire to Equinix Tokyo) that uses link layer crypto. In my example the ISPs are customers of the organizations that actually run the DWDM terminals. Highly redundant core routers like an asr9010 with 2nd/3rd gen line cards, or an mx960 are already expensive enough without making a 24-port 10GbE linecard twice as costly to buy by having crypto features. It is super rare to see such hardware in production for commercial ISPs. Noteworthy that they say it can run as a xen domU, but not whether as PV or HVM. HVM is a huge performance hut. Your DNS should always have both that go to the same httpd, or is this a question about advertising, business cards etc? If I were a Jeff bezos level gazillionaire I would probably sponsor a high budget giant Galapagos land tortoise exhibit with its own full time staff. What else is so huge, serene, slow moving and lives for 200 years? There's a chance the living computer museum in Seattle has such a drive. http://www.livingcomputermuseum.org That guy is good for a laugh if you know a network engineer who for some reason has never heard of him... Send a URL and in about 60 seconds get a reply of "holy shit this guy is delusional". Reminds me of this: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ocean_Tower From an endpoint security perspective, 'activists' really need to be trained not to just click on everything blindly and to open everything suspicious in a sandbox. Yes it's possible to escape from a VM, but it's significantly harder to code executable malware that will escape from, for example, a Windows 10 VM running inside Virtualbox on an XUbuntu/XFCE4 host laptop. Anything that involves SMS, SS7 and the legacy PSTN phone network cannot be relied upon for anything crypto related... Sending auth keys/codes by SMS, really? I understand it was a decision made to have the system be easy to use, but it's foolish in my opinion. I realize this was a use of sending short authentication codes by SMS, but at 160 characters the crypto can't be solid, if somebody decided to implement proper public/private key over it. So the transport is definitely a problem. From a Facebook abuse and law enforcement operations perspective, if this happens more often it will become a huge pain in the ass. They have procedures in place to provide geolocation and such for urgent subpoenas and warrants (example: a kidnapping in progress). The level of stress that the FB team responsible for this ticket queue must experience is immense. For reference, what happens when you use "knock out gas" in a contained space: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moscow_theater_hostage_crisi... Building the world's fastest supercomputer is a financial and construction problem, not so much engineering. Assuming we are talking about a system built out of thousands of distinct nodes. If I wanted rank #1 on the top500 list, had $900 million sitting around and wanted to build something faster, I could, by hiring some of the people responsible for building massive datacenter facilities in the US (750,000 sq ft+) with their associated cooling, generator, UPS systems, and buying several metric shitloads of 1U supermicro dual xeon systems. All of that also assumes that it's a supercomputer designed for compute tasks that can be neatly divided up into small chunks and doesn't require a totally proprietary bespoke interconnect (rather, it can use something COTS). It is a budget problem, not technical: Are you prepared to fork out the money for a hundred 200 kilowatt air conditioners all running in parallel? Do you have the real estate for them and their air handlers? If they want to do it very inefficiently, and have near infinite sums of money to throw at it, yes. China does not have semiconductor fabs capable of producing anything close to a current generation Intel 14nm process Core i7 or Xeon CPU. Car companies do fine in weird ways: Buick is a super luxury prestigious brand in mainland China because 100 years ago, some of the first cars imported were Buicks... In the USA it's seen as your grandfather's land yacht. Wood framed condos. Ugh. Vancouver learned its lesson the hard way with these, and Seattle will too, in about 20 years. There's a reason the vast majority of buildings in Vancouver are now fully concrete or steel framed. Noise through floors and ceilings. Creaks and steps and thumps. These buildings all loosen up over time, and if you walk through one under construction you will understand when you see the C grade plywood, particleboard and chipboard. by that logic - algebra is a word from arabic, al jabr, if you follow it to its ultimate conclusion of somebody with a racist myopic worldview, arabic = desert and camels and guys with swords = terrorism = ISIS whatever you do, don't search for 55 gallon steel drums, the recipe for ANFO, and ryder rental trucks let's ban elephants while we're at it, since elephant is derived from the arabic "al feel". Also Giraffes, arabic "zarafa" The old wood houses in SF "breathe" a lot more than the modern wood buildings that suffered the famous "Leaky Condo" problem in Vancouver. The problem is once water gets inside the walls and is trapped and causes rot. Those old SF houses built 80 to 110 years ago have a lot of air flow through. The sort that is not so terrible in an SF climate but would be a nightmare for winter heating bills if they were located in Detroit or Montreal. interesting fact: a butt is an actual unit of measurement, so there really is such a thing as a buttload. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butt_(unit) When Walmart, Target and Fred Meyer no longer exist in WA state would be a start "The “devious defecator” case was one in which a group of employees alleged that their employer had, under threat of dismissal, compelled them to produce DNA samples which the employer then subjected to genetic testing to discover the defecator who was leaving feces around the perimeter of the workplace. The employees had alleged that the employer’s actions were a violation of GINA. Although that case does not squarely fit into what GINA as an anti-discrimination law was designed to do, privacy advocates were heartened by the outcome of the case as, not only was this the first GINA case to be brought to trial, it also resulted in a $2.25 million money award. As of this writing, the case has yet to be overturned on appeal." well, shit. I'm a white person from the pacific northwest, and Charleston SC is just ridiculous. It's extremely racist (you would not believe the things that the local white population say when there's no minorities around), xenophobic and reliably voted for Strom Thurmond and Lindsey Graham, two of the most race-baiting bible-thumping red state panderers on earth. If you're going to move to a "tier 2" / "tier 3" size city, stay out of the bible belt. Unless you're into that sort of thing. Except... What if none of the people who were forcibly DNA tested were the shit smearer? Hookers and blow? Louisiana, its politics and law enforcement are basically a third world country. It's as corrupt if not more than the city politics and criminal politicians in Chicago and Detroit. Can't say I'm surprised. They've only had 120 years... Not a book, but this essay: http://www.wired.com/1996/12/ffglass/ Convinced me that I absolutely wanted to do backbone ISP network engineering on a grand scale. It's taken a while to get to the level of knowledge where one is trusted and confident working on circuits that can take whole countries off the internet if you fuck up, but very much worth it. SETEC ASTRONOMY I am pretty sure that this is an attempt by somebody who doesn't work in DWDM/optical transport systems to describe industry standard dispersion compensation modules (DCM). Such as you would install for a 40 x 10 Gbps wavelength DWDM link on two strands between two sets of chassis and linecards. This is why core ISP POPs deploy routers in twin pairs. Each chassis has hotswap fans, n+1 power, dual redundant supervisors and hotswap line cards but is entirely possible for an entire chassis to go belly up. A single router chassis is not redundancy at all. I wonder what the density could be if you were to design a 3U to 4U rackmount thing, like the Backblaze storage pod, but designed from the ground up for M.2 format SSDs rather than 3.5" drives. Unless your budget was almost unlimited, you'd probably run out of money to buy enterprise class M.2 SSDs before you ran out of physical space to put them. I don't doubt that they have one or two full time datacenter techs whose job is to rack new 4U storage pods every day, cable and power them up. It is still difficult and expensive to do true 1 Gbps line rate (FDD) by microwave PTP, although the $18,000 to $20,000 equipment cost for that can be a great deal less than the $200,000 to dig up the street in a major urban area. However it is REALLY difficult to accomplish 6 Gbps to 10 Gbps of capacity between two routers via PTP microwave. Whereas it's really easy with two $250 1550nm SFP+ in two strands of dark fiber, if you have an optical path from point A to B. Or even with one strand of dark fiber using bidirectional 1490/1550 SFP+. Photonic switching is basically a lot of servo motor controlled mirrors in a box, you can accomplish the thing with a human and a lot of SC/UPC to SC/UPC patch panels and cables. It's an OSI layer 1 thing and agnostic of servers, switches. The "box" lets you reconfigure crossconnects in software. It does introduce a degree of loss. yeah, no. Not in 5 GHz. Sorry to tell you the marketing hype doesn't jive with reality. Two Mimosa B5C radios and two 32dBi dual polarity high performance dishes will make a nice link, and it is awesome to be able to buy a radio link that will do dual polarity 256QAM modulation in 20, 40, 80 MHz wide channels, but it will not be 750 Mbps full duplex. In the real world more like 250-300 Mbps full duplex, or slightly faster than that if you tell it to allocate greater bandwidth in one direction in a ratio like 75:25. You can't compare a Mimosa B5-Lite or B5C to a carrier grade ISP, FCC Part 101 licensed band radio (6, 11, 18, 23 GHz etc) that's fed from dual -48VDC A and B power feeds and has multiple SFP slots in it. The main obstacle to microtrenching and surface inlaid is not technical , but political. Many cities' streets departments won't allow it. It will take an aggressive education and lobbying effort. It is less costly than cut and cover but in $/km of fiber is ridiculously expensive compared to aerial. Even more so when you see that the limits in strand count for very small diameter cables are 72-144. There are two completely separate fucked up things here: a) Maxmind shouldn't be returning a location like this for "Anywhere in the USA". It should either be 0,0 for unknown or something totally obvious like the Washington Monument in WA DC. b) The fact that clueless/ignorant law enforcement is blithely trusting and USING this spurious data. Someday a person is going to get SWATTed and shot dead over this sort of thing. Look, this sucks, but if a cop is pulling over a car that's showing up in their onboard computer as stolen, it's going to be treated as a felony traffic stop, with weapons drawn. License plate that's reported as stolen + seen by police mounted on the "wrong" car (make/model does not match make/model of car where the plate came from) = stolen car. They're going to interpret it that way when looking at a car from behind, in traffic, until they can prove it otherwise. They have no idea who the driver or passenger are until they've stopped the car and checked things out. Felony traffic stops are one of the MOST likely times and places when a police officer will get shot and killed. I'm not surprised at all they came out with guns drawn. It really sucks and I'd be pissed off and indignant if it happened to me, as an ordinary non-felon law abiding driver. Dammit. I had an excellent business plan for a multi level marketing based online dildo shop! > Can I just say how much I love the way public libraries have navigated themselves into the digital age? yes, I also enjoy visiting the library to see the unwashed hobos jacking off to barely legal pornographic websites in a public place. 1) it costs a great deal less in salary to pay construction workers to install aerial or buried fiber in ukraine. Or to aim point to point microwave. 2) A network engineeering position that might cost a company $115,000/year in the US could be filled for $35,000/year in Ukraine. 3) Eastern european ISPs are much more "Adventurous" in terms of the low cost network equipment they use for core infrastructure. $1500 Mikrotiks in the same role where a US ISP would use a $15,000 Ciscos or Juniper. Building five to six nines uptime core router POPs with fully redundant -48VDC A and B power is not cheap. Your shitty last mile DOCSIS3 connection over 20+ year old coaxial copper is not a reflection of the quality of an ISP backbone... I realize that from a customer perspective the two are indistinguishable, but if you look at the quality of the router/switch equipment used by the top 50 ASNs (ordered by CAIDA ASRank) for major north american ISPs, it's vastly more expensive than what's used in countries where ISPs don't have the budget luxuries for $100,000 routers. > (They tried with Gemesys, now Pure Grown Diamonds. The CEO was a retired US Army general and wasn't intimidated.) There's even a startup in SF now. "Your diamond is hot-forged from pure atoms in our California foundry." This is why they've switched their marketing efforts towards the emotional. It's always been that way with the "A Diamond is Forever...", but now even more so with the emphasis on NATURAL diamonds. Lots of DeBeers and diamond cartel marketing stuff that slyly insinuates you don't value your relationship if you don't buy a REAL GENUINE diamond. Having a perfect smtpd that speaks TLS 1.2, has properly set up dkim, sfp and dmarc records, working reverse DNS, etc is sadly not enough these days if you use a commodity vps/VM host. IP block reputation matters as well. Sadly, some other customers in your same /24 have been less clueful than you within the recent memory of major SMTP operators(gmail, office365/Microsoft, etc) and your IP space probably had a bad reputation. Reputation perception by opaque large SMTP operators will not show up in RBLs and other ways to check for blacklists. You cannot query your IP block's status unless you happen to personally know a senior sysadmin on their mail operations teams. They don't share this information because it would help spammers choose new "clean" places to spam from. One solution is to Colo your own 1u system with an ISP that is known to have very stringent zero tolerance abuse policies. Typically not one that is a commodity hoster. There is no excuse for not having SPF and DKIM signing set up in 2016/2017. Bet you don't do opportunist TLS 1.2 either? Depends on the launch. There is no remaining fuel in a second stage for any Delta v to lower its orbit into the atmosphere in most launches. A launch to GTO at 350 x 36,000 km will eventually decay. In some satellite launches there is a third stage (like a fregat, but not the same thing) which performs the final circularization of the orbit. In others the satellite itself does this. In a launch to an MEO orbit like 1500x1500 km the 2nd stage is going to stay up there pretty much forever as dead debris. I'd love to see a traffic graph of your cupboard to know what an HN Slashdot effect looks like in Mbps/pps. Something like 95% of the commercial for profit launch market is for geostationary telecom satellites. In terms of launches per decade o3b is an aberration. GTO is the highly elliptical transfer orbit for a hohmann transfer to geostationary. This is of course a drastic oversimplification. Yes, exactly this. GEO requires an engine that is low kN thrust but can be restarted many times. The Wikipedia page for the Russian fregat which is commonly used as a 3rd or 4h stage for their launches is a good example of such hardware. If you're patient you can even circularize a GTO with ion engines, which has been done on some partially-failed telecom satellite launches. https://smallhacks.files.wordpress.com/2012/11/camera.jpg Where is your god now? Vancouver: consistently ranked as one of the world's top ten most expensive cities, with salaries half of what you can make in Seattle. The Vancouver technology sector is also a joke compared to Seattle... To the extent that hootsuite is a 'big deal' there. Big ass -48vdc battery banks, float charge controllers and precision sine wave inverters are a solved problem. If it's good enough for a $235,000 Infinera DWDM platform...