> I aced the programming classes All grad schools care about is how well you did in that particular subject (or maybe a related subject, like math). You could easily ace your programming and math classes, bomb everything else, end up with a 2.0, and get into grad school. This isn't particularly surprising. Exactly. I couldn't figure out what was so remarkable about this page until I read the comments here. This is how every professor/post-doc/grad-student's page looks like if they don't use a university template. ooohhhhhh....I had been eating more . Yes, technically, "global warming" refers to modern, human-induced climate change. But outside of paleontological circles, they are the same thing. There's certainly no need to be criticizing people for that usage, since there's no possibility of confusion; we're always talking about modern climate change. So there is allegedly climate change due to carbon dioxide without increasing global temperatures? I've never heard this. What is the mechanism, and what is the evidence? This managed to nail all the BS pseudo physics that drives physicists crazy to hear repeated. I don't understand your first paragraph. Shouldn't the cosmic ray flux through each bit be the same for each bit, and unchanged as you increase the total amount of memory? If I'm a given bit, should having a second stick of RAM 10 inches away affect whether I flip during a given time period? Oh, OK. I guess then I wouldn't say that upsets/bit/hour is an incorrect unit. (It's clearly what you want to know to calculate the chance of error for a given piece of RAM.) It's just that this parameter varies across time and manufacturers. Using the value from a particular model of RAM manufactured in 1988 is sure to lead to wrong conclusions. Thanks. Apparently, 63% of US adults live in households with broadband. Considering the number people who avoid or can't use the internet (i.e. older folks) this seems like remarkable penetration to me. PDF: http://www.pewinternet.org/~/media/Files/Reports/2009/Home-B... A similar barrier exists for many people with simple math. As a tutor, it's incredibly frustrating when I introduce a simple algebra expression (plus, minus, maybe even multiplication) and a grown person shrieks "No, I don't understand math. I just don't get it" without even spending a moment to see if they can understand. If the collateral is human capital (not a house or car), why don't they offer loans where you pay back a percentage of your future income, rather than a fixed amount? This seems like it would automatically smooth over the worst of the variance resulting in default. Assuming they're continuing to fight insurgents (i.e. not fighting another superpower) I think the technological distance between the US and its enemies is a lot more than 5 years. Care to make a LongBet? Is there anything beside intuition that makes you think this would help anything? It seems plausible to me too, but I have zero evidence that it would help anyone's eyes. marshallp wasn't criticizing him. On the contrary, he was just pointing out that Buffet's actions are morally consistent. "And a huge chunk of the population (over 30 percent) never go online at all—less because they're retired and not interested; more often because they can't afford the prices." From the survey, the main reasons given for no internet use at any location are... Don't Need/Not Interested: 47.2% No Computer or Computer Inadequate: 22.3% Too Expensive: 18.6% Lack of Skill: 4.3% Can Use Somewhere Else: 1.4% Other: 5.5% To me, it looks like more people don't go online because they aren't interested (47.2%) than because they can't afford it (22.3%+18.6% = 40.9%). Of Americans without internet access (31.3% of the population) only 18.6% go without because of the cost of access. That's just 5.8% of population who can't afford access, which seems like a very small fraction to me. Now, slightly more of those without access attribute it to a lack of a computer, but this isn't something that can be fixed through the market for internet access. Why is this on HN? Huh? The idea would be that, for a percentage-of-your-income loan, poorer people would pay back less and richer people would pay back more (compared to a standard loan). Well, I think the smokers are angry because the gov't in some places has stepped in and made it illegal to smoke at any bar. That's quite different than a coffee shops deciding to not allow laptops in their particular store. I think the author means it doesn't discriminate between misbehaving/loitering youth (a small fraction, which the stores are trying to drive away) and all other youth. Besides considering (1) the current-tax-rate vs. retirement-tax-rate and (2) tax rates are likely to increase, the other major thing to keep in mind is (3) that the government may decide to tax Roth IRA distributions in the future (even though it says it won't now). Think it won't happen? Social security benefits weren't taxed until 1984. EDIT: Also, if you're currently raising a family and/or paying for kids' college, it's very plausible and reasonable that you'll be in a lower tax bracket when you retire. The blog post could have been expressed in about 5 sentences. Interesting, nonetheless. This idea is really more of a tautology. It takes of-order 10 years time to become an expert at something because this is of-order a human lifetime. There is no objective "Expert" level. "Experts" are just the people who have spent the most time at something (modulo effort and intrinsic skill). Since (1) you can't spend much more than 50 years on something and (2) there are always diminishing returns for time invested, 10 years will get you 90% of the maximum possible skill at almost any pursuit. The exceptions are, of course, those areas where there are aren't strong diminishing returns (rare...maybe memorization?) or where there is a ceiling on skill (e.g. tic-tac-toe). In those cases, expertise comes with more and less time, respectively. People don't want Wikipedia to be dump for all possible information. What about the one I wrote in my basement? I also don't get the joke. Care to explain? That's quite a liberal definition of "need". "Today, numerous modern studies show that in randomized trials, meticulous hand-washing, when coupled with other infection control measures like surgical draping and universal gloving, reduce the rate of life-threatening infections during surgery and intensive care unit stays. But in hospitals, outside of these clinical trials, just half of doctors and nurses regularly clean their hands before patient care, despite widespread publicity." This is a silly comparison. During surgery (when people are literally split open) and in ICUs (when their body is profoundly damaged), the human body is unnaturally and incredibly sensitive to infection. If you've ever witnessed a surgery, you'd know that surgeons are insanely, mind-bogglingly obsessive-compulsive about washing their hands and keeping a sterile operating room. But 99% of people in the hospital or doctor's offices are not so compromised, so it's not surprising that doctors and nurses aren't religious about hand washing "before patient care". I assume you mean the checklist article that dmlorenzetti found, which I've read. That article is about people in the ICU--not merely outside the OR--where it is indeed paramount to take all measures possible to reduce the risk of infection. If checklists are effective in reducing mortality in the ICU, then great; doctors and nurses should be insistently prodded to use them. But this shouldn't be confused with a mandate to go hand-washing crazy for all hospitals and doctor's offices. ICU patients make up a tiny percentage of all patients. (As an aside, I am a bit skeptical of these pieces written in the popular press by experts in a certain field which criticize their colleagues. Sometimes, it's a case where the field really has settled into a bad equilibrium, and the contrarian must go outside the fold to right the situation. But often, it's simply an outlet for the contrarian to preach to an audience which doesn't have the expertise and experience to assess his claims.) Is there someway to interpret this other than the Professor is a arrogant a-hole? What's interesting about this? This was a real surprise to me too. Here's some discussion I found: http://www.onedayoneinternship.com/blog/are-unpaid-internshi... I figured that if you were getting paid nothing while working on something profitable for a company, it was assumed you were being compensated with experience. But apparently, all the company can do is train you while deriving zero benefit from your training. This seems like a stupid law. But the idea behind minimum wage (as I understand it) is to ensure a living wage to people who are supporting themselves with the job. If you aren't getting paid anything, then you clearly aren't supporting yourself with the job; you're investing in yourself, just like going to school. That's why I assumed it would be legal to pay people zero but illegal to pay people less than minimum wage. It's not just a lack of demand for PI's, it's a strong demand for lab monkeys aka grad students, like yours truly. So long as (1) most research labs require many grad-student-level-trained hands for every professor-level-trained supervisor and (2) grad students continue to be deluded about their chance of securing a tenured position in the future, the situation will continue. I was a physics undergrad at a very hardcore school, and I can tell you that I wasn't even remotely close to being able to do physics research upon graduation. Even after taking two years of full-time grad classes, I considered myself (and my fellow student) somewhat unprepared to choose a research field, much less do independent research. Part of this stems from the fact that US undergrad degrees are much broader than in Europe. My understanding is that European undergrads specialize in a topic day one, whereas US undergrads take at most half of their college classes in their major. "Despite the widespread and increasing availability of sexually explicit materials, according to national FBI Department of Justice statistics, the incidence of rape declined markedly from 1975 to 1995. This was particularly seen in the age categories 20–24 and 25–34, the people most likely to use the Internet." The article is filled with statements like this without telling us if researchers controlled for any of the infinite possible confounding factors. This may be just a bad article, and the research may actually support the hypothesis of a causal link (perhaps even through a controlled experiment, rather than a statistical survey). But as it is, there's really no strong evidence at all in this article. Unless someone writes a more competent article, one would need to go read the actual studies. EDIT: Wait, they are giving the internet credit for reducing rape between 1975 and 1995? The first graphical web browser, Mosaic, wasn't developed until 1992. OK, this article is total baloney. "Need a prescription for muscle relaxers, an anti-fungal cream, or a steroid inhaler for temporary lung trouble? In the U.S. you have to fight to get on the appointment schedule of a doctor within your health insurance network ... then have him or her scrawl something unintelligible on a slip of paper, which you take to a drugstore to exchange for your medicine. ...In France, by contrast, you walk to the corner pharmacist, get either a prescription or over-the-counter medication right away, shell out a dozen or so euros, and you’re done." Unless I'm confused, this is conflating two issues. Requiring patients to have a full doctor's visit in order to get a prescription for simple but non-OTC medicines is logically distinct from single-payer/non-single-payer. If you require more visits, you will of course spend more money. In my experience (physics graduate student), American students and European students do not differ significantly based on work ethic, planning, or organization. Certainly, the variance within each group in those categories is much larger than the difference between those groups. The significant difference was that Europeans had completed more math and physics course before they had to choose an advisor and commit to a research topic. First, Playboy and other print pornography were available long before VHS and Betamax. Is the claim that video pornography is the key product which reduced sexual violence? Second, what fraction of young men regularly viewed pornography on videotape from 1975-1990? It has to be much, much lower than the (near-ubiquitous) viewing of online pornography today. (Then again, maybe those most at risk to commit sexual violence were much more likely to purchase pornography on video.) That is definitely an interesting point, although I assume it was taken into account when companies and the government did their comparison with hydroelectric storage. Larger caverns should reduce the amount of energy lost due to heat. Is there a way to find the text you need to append after the # symbol (#xss) to get to a particular section without looking at the page source or using the TOC links? Would you say that the only way to be entitled to RSVPs is for the host to mail a physical invitation? What if I want to throw a small dinner party (say, 8-12) but I don't decide until the 3 days before, so that snail mail isn't an option but RSVPing by email is easy. Huh. See, I don't like it when other people invite me by calling because it puts me on the spot (and no, it's not because I'm deluded with so very many invitations...). I hate trying to remember if I have any conflicts and I hate trying to come up with a polite excuse if I don't feel like going. He's referring to the consumer tech market place. When's the last time a German company launched a piece of consumer hardware that had worldwide market share? EyeTV does not have large market share, in the sense that it does not compete on the scales of the ipad (which is what we're discussing). I'm not bad mouthing German companies or products. I drive a VW. T-Mobile is great example, thanks. What do "Web" and "Sites" mean? I assume one tells us whether China is blocking Google search results. __New_Game_Menu__ How many to tango? (1) brolo (2) bromance Thanks. Here is the standard framing of the print-to-online journalism problem: newspapers can no longer make enough money because (1) users won't pay for online subscriptions and (2) online advertising cannot make up for the lost print-subscription revenue. Thus, giving away content for free is not sustainable. (This argument is repeated everywhere.) But haven't newspapers always subsisted on advertising? My understanding is that, historically, the print subscription price didn't even cover the cost of printing. So isn't true that the problem has nothing to do with giving away content and everything to do with the value of online ads vs. print ads? I have never gotten a good answer to this question. Could someone help? I'm not very moved by this action either; this type of "moral stand" usually just serves to make the doer feel righteous rather than actually helping anyone. But, as an American, I really can't understand why you would say "For the most part, I feel more safe and free in Shanghai than the U.S." By "safe", are you just talking about physical security from crime? If so, I don't know why crime rate is very pertinent to the discussion. (...or did you mean safe from the government?) And how could you feel more free? I'm no expert, but I've never heard anyone say that people are more free in China, civil-rights-wise. "For the most part, Chinese people I meet from all walks of life and age groups feel more free than they did 10 years ago." I don't think many people would disagree that China is more free now than 10 years ago. But that doesn't mean it is sufficiently free (or as free as the US). 1. I think the issue of physical safety is disjoint from this discussion. 2. I'd rather deal with open-container laws and be able to vote. No. Causality can only propagate at the speed of light, with or without quantum mechanics. Can someone explain why I'd ever want to write code on something without a keyboard when I could get a net book for so cheap? I'm baffled. There are a million great uses for the iPad form factor, but coding isn't one of them. Your analogy is correct inasmuch as the urchins cannot communicate for the same reason the Alice and Bob, each with one particle of an entangle pair, cannot communicate. But it can be shown by very clever experiments that the future statistical observations of Alice and Bob cannot be explained by assuming each had a particle with properties fixed when the two parted ways. Entanglement is very subtle. Does the author think that advertisers and web designers are idiots? If the websites could increase click-through rates just by decreasing ad density, why wouldn't they? I'd sacrifice increased counterfeiting if it meant we could get rid of all those colors. For the longest time, the US had currency that was truly unique looking compared to the rest of the world. Now, it's beginning to look like every other foreign currency: rainbow colors, large and detailed faces, and asymmetric denomination marks. Yes, I understand that I would pay for it. I don't think the size has changed. If it did, it would bother me a lot less (aesthetically) than the departure from green. The large majority of Americans are Christian, and any even larger percentage believe in some sort of God. Do you really think a major hang-up preventing a separation of Church and State is the phrase on the money? This phrase is an indicator , not a contributing factor. I think he means necessary to deliver the appropriate entertainment, not necessary in the True-Grit sense. What ever happened with that company with the proprietary video codecs that Google bought? There were rumors that Google was going to adapt it and release it as a better open standard than HTML5 That only explains why companies want to limit the ability of customers to resell their product, not why companies should be allowed to do this. The reason people can get away with Copenhagen is that decoherence is absurdly effective in all realistic cases, causing there to very little uncertainty about whether and when a measurement happened. Insofar as we can all agree when a measurement happened, physicists operating under Copenhagen are going to be just as effective as those who understand MWI. And for most of the theoretical and especially computational aspects of quantum computers, this is the case. The only place where someone operating under the Copenhagen interpretation is going to falter is when they have to think hard and in novel ways about how to prevent decoherence. So I really don't think interpretation is going to be correlated with advances in the computational aspects (i.e., what kind of problems are quantum computers good for once they are built, etc.) but I would predict that future insights in how to build computers which are robust against decoherence will be dominates by those who understand MWI. It's not so much that MWI is all that satisfying, it's that Copenhagen is incoherent. I consider my athletic experience in college (on a varsity team which definitely did not make money or prestige for the school) to be one of the best and most educational parts of college. Do your really think there are many programs which lose money and are doing harm to the students or the university? I see basically two types of programs: a handful which exist solely to drive money and prestige to the university (big-time football, basketball, etc.) without regard to the tiny number of students participating, and the vast majority which are mostly focused on their primary purpose, providing a great experience for the athletes themselves. I don't see many programs which are sucking a bunch of money away from research for nothing. As others have stated, this argument could be applied to any university activity. Also, it could applied to high school. The universities are making the decision to encourage sports participation because they understand its value in education. Agreed that a second source is sorely needed. FYI: you can always access WSJ (and most other news articles) by doing a google search of " site:wsj.com". News sites aren't allowed to show article text to the Google crawler without allowing the user to access the article. The problems with browsers compared to web apps are well described by the OP, but I just don't understand the author's solution. Have everyone do their own thing? Make me download an app for every website I visit? This seems like the worst possible outcome: > Why do all browsers have to support the same standards? This only limits their innovation, and limits web developers. Shouldn't the solution instead be a new, more powerful standard? (Ignoring how pie-in-the-sky this is.) As in, not band-aids like AJAX and Flash, but a from-the-ground-up standard? After all, 99% of iPad apps have the same basic capabilities; there's no reason you couldn't have a standard which replaces HTML which could fully cover those apps. Then, if you have a need for a really specialized service, you can create a dedicated app. Grooveshark is great (though it occasionally is missing music). But it's only a matter of time before it is shut down. I'm honestly curious as to how they are allowed to do this. You contracted with lala.com for a service, and companies don't get to ignore the contracts they've made with their customers just because they are bought by other companies. Couldn't you demand your money back? Or, in principle, sue them? This is the very first thing I noticed in Avatar: >Its image is noticeably darker than standard 2-D. People kept trying to make flying machines without success for a long time too... Oh, I haven't seen any movie that makes 3D worthwhile. It's just that the argument "people tried it before and failed" is not even a little convincing. Going out of business is different than just saying "we won't honor the purchase you made anymore". That is incredible. Why would anyone pay money for that? I am still a bit skeptical that this would hold up in court. There are laws about what you can hide in the fine print, and often judges will hold the transaction to be for things that that a reasonable person would expect, not what is stated in the contract. My anecdotal evidence from a surgeon in the family is that the medical dictation is still very bad. His practice of 4 doctors spent a bunch of money on Dragon, fought with it for a month, and then went back to old-fashioned human dictation. I'm still looking for words for describing how StackOverflow is so much better than it's competitors. I think it's more than just ill-will for Experts Exchange (though that's undoubtedly a factor). StackOverflow is built right . It runs smooth and the barrier to joining is damn near as low as possible. But what else gives it that extra something? I agree, but the prevalence of FB on the HN front page is a little suspect. There have been at least 10 negative FB posts on HN in the past couple days. I think someone's got an axe to grind... Specifically, I think it's the use of the words "tool", "resource", "solution", "service", etc, as a synonym for "thing". Above the urinal where I work, there's a flyer for VPP. The first sentence is "What is VPP? It's a tool for improving lab safety". From this you might think VPP is a physical thing you hold in your hand, but no. By "tool" they really mean a managerial protocol/technique. By the way, programmers, you aren't much better. Think how frickin' generic the word "developer" is. Yikes, fellas. I wasn't trying to accuse anyone of a conspiracy. I just meant that current wave of negative FB stories in the past week seems out of proportion to the degree to which they have changed anything (privacy-related or otherwise) during that time period. The FB-bashing has become fashionable. Thanks, that is all I meant. People should just take this current wave of FB stories with a grain of salt. This trajectory has been going for perhaps a few decades, but human embarrassment is thousands of years old. So you can't just say "Oh, old people always think young people are too risque. Get over it." There is some structure to the current trend, and it seems worthwhile to try to explain it (though the OP fails, IMO). Now, that doesn't mean that the threshold for human embarrassment has been static since before the industrial revolution; looking at history, it has certainly varied dramatically across time and space. It's probably not random, so tracing it's cause would be interesting. Further, I don't think many people are going to go to the extreme relativist standpoint and say that all thresholds for embarrassment are equally (un-)valuable. It's not hard to make arguments for why it's a good thing people are too embarrassed to have sex in public (though I'm sure there are a few extreme bullet-biters). So then the question is, can you defend what you think is an optimal threshold for embarrassment, whether or not it coincides with the current threshold? The OP doesn't seem to be able to defend his, but that doesn't mean it shouldn't/can't be done. This is my anecdotal experience as well. It would be great to see a distribution of activity level for facebookers, and how much high-activity facebookers tend to associate with each other. My guess is that the low activity level of older generations is better explained by their unfamiliarity with computers than a lower threshold for embarrassment. But you don't need to be constantly updating DRM to meet this level of difficulty. For a reason related to, but not the same as, the reason sexual modesty evolved (which only exists in social species): because sex is a method to emotionally bond two people together in a way which is pretty much impossible to do otherwise because of the way humans are hardwired. This aspect of sex would be seriously diminished if it was routinely done in public because the participants would have their "social guard" up (that is, they would necessarily be concerned with signaling to others in their group/tribe). EDIT: Also, I should point out that your sexual modesty is more strongly determined by your genes than your upbringing. Sexual modesty is universal across human culture, even among people who have been raised in bizarre cults which tried to eliminate such modesty. I said that sexual modesty is crucial to forming human partnerships and I said specifically that its moral worth is distinct from its evolutionary origin. Do I also need to justify why human partnerships are good? Bowman is more describing why he doesn't like working there; he really doesn't make a claim that Google is making poor design choices from a business standpoint. He criticizes the use of data (aka, you know, evidence ) as a crutch without giving a single example, theoretical or otherwise, of how reliance on data rather than the gut instinct of a good designer leads to a bad outcome. > ...for example, a method that involved electron quantum holography was able to store 35 bits per electron... Um, given that this stuff is being stored roughly at room temperature, that's impossible (or misstated). Intuition/experience is important when there is some aspect of reality that is hard to measure. Insofar as the data tracks your target, intuition is unnecessary. That's why I would want an example in which data was failing. For instance, a fast food chain might take some data and find that they can decrease the quality of their ingredients without immediately loosing customers because people have habits and don't really notice right away (and because consumers will chalk up a few bad experiences to variance at a place they know well). But, over time, the chain develops a reputation for lower-quality food, and customers slowly leave. The problem with this example is that the data can easily measure long-term effects, especially the subtle damage to reputation. This is a case where intuition may be needed to override data. But where's the similar example with Google? First, there is an issue if an organization like a school or workplace wants to prevent the viewing of pornography. If wikipedia hosts pornography, it risks being blocked in places where it belongs. Second, there is the question of child pornography, which has been alleged. Third, your belief that "As long as adults respond appropriately to the potentially misleading information that porn has exposed kids to, any harms that is done is prevented" is not universally shared, so it isn't surprising that some people will feel differently. For all of these issues, one needs to ask oneself if the benefit from hosting a certain image is worth the drawbacks. Some images simply have no academic value. Necessary is not the same as having academic value. I think depictions of Muhammad have significant academic value. Your point is a good one, though. I'd have to think about this more to come up with a good general principle. (I just don't think that principle is "allow all possible data to be stored on wikipedia/wikicommons".) "Most crimes are committed by the sane" does not imply "Suffers from Schizophrenia are no more dangerous than anyone else". > Users: Consider this. If an app needs an exit button because the back button doesn't properly manage resource use, what do you think the chances are that this exit button will be implemented properly? Um, I don't think we can solve the problem of users desiring an unambiguous "exit" button by telling them on developer's blog that this is a bad desire. Might as well tell my mom she doesn't need really need a "save" button when she's writing long emails online because they are auto-saved. It's not going to work because (understandably) she finds the "save" button very reassuring since she really doesn't know how computer work. It's a weird situation. You're not legally liable for the debt incurred by the thief even if you don't bother to prove anything (although they will still hassle you by phone), but your credit is destroyed. This isn't an existential risk. Importance-wise, delays in the singularity are trivial compared to a risk of it not happening at all. So suppose we are worried that a die-off in industrial nations will actually make it impossible. Isn't this risk (that there is a major catastrophic disaster for industrialized nations and this disaster prevents a singularity from ever taking place) much smaller than the risk that the singularity goes badly when it happens? If so, then this supports the spirit of my original comment: worrying about the singularity going well is more pressing than worrying about major shocks to civilization which do not completely wipe out humanity. The badness of a delayed singularity is insignificant to the badness of it never happening. So let's consider the latter. Isn't the risk that a large industrial collapse happens and it prevents a singularity from ever taking place much smaller than the risk that the singularity goes badly? If so, then this agrees with the spirit of my comment: worrying about the singularity going well is much more pressing than worrying about catastrophes that do not immediately wipe out humanity. No, Drexler doesn't think it's nonsense. He just thinks that it will be unnecessary to make replicators for the manufacturing purposes he has in mind. He says >In particular, it turns out that developing manufacturing systems that use tiny, self-replicating machines would be needlessly inefficient and complicated. The simpler, more efficient, and more obviously safe approach is to make nanoscale tools and put them together in factories big enough to make what you want. (note that he explicitly acknowledges the safety risk) and >The popular version of the grey-goo idea seems to be that nanotechnology is dangerous because it means building tiny self-replicating robots that could accidentally run away, multiply and eat the world. But there’s no need to build anything remotely resembling a runaway replicator, which would be a pointless and difficult engineering task. I worry instead about simpler, more dangerous things that powerful groups might build deliberately - products like cheap, abundant, high-performance weapons with a billion processors in the guidance systems. This does nothing to diminish the risk of replicators if they are, in fact, created. And there are all sort of possible problems where replicators would be essential. For example, we may want to release replicators into the environment to clean up certain kinds of pollution which can't be easily brought to a central facility. First, you say building replicator is pointless without giving an argument. This is clearly wrong. I have already given you one example of the use of creating replicators, and here's another: weapons. Second, you say it is difficult with many failure modes. So was going to the moon. How can you possibly think it's so difficult that it will never get done? In a thousand years? Third, you cite Drexler to claim that we underestimate the difficulty. (Who underestimates it? Me? The irrational people who Drexler is afraid will take away his funding, or the handful of academics who seriously consider the issue?) The argument for extreme caution does not rely on it being easy to build run-away replicators, only that it is reasonably possible and that the results are catastrophic. Can you really argue with 99% certainty against the feasibility of future technologies without any sort of restriction based on physical law? Fourth, you say you are aware of the wheel argument...so...what is your reponse? Should we also consider the laser argument? The computer argument? The space-ship argument? Or the argument from any of the nearly countless things that humanity has created in the past 40 years that never existed in the previous 4,000,000,000 that life was around? You would encounter less frustration if you engaged others' arguments rather than dismissing them out of hand. That doesn't mean you have to argue with every crank on the internet, but there's not much point in writing a comment which declares an argument wrong without giving an explanation for why. I'd very much like to hear what you have to say, because even when I've discussed this with academics who work in nanotech (though I've never spoken to anyone working directly on replicators), I've never heard a better argument than "it's really, really hard". No, but I would guess this hybrid drive isn't 50% better than a regular old 500GB hard drive even though it's 150% the price. Value-wise, HDD > HDD-SSD > SSD. Why use the euphemism "I think it is interesting" instead of just saying that you think it's hypocritical? People aren't against stem-cell research because they think it's playing god, they are against it because they think that embryos have the moral worth of adults. Perhaps you are thinking about the arguments against cloning? Incidently, stem-cell research has high potential but is also highly speculative. Similarly, gene therapy (using viruses to deliver gene fixes into the body of cells) was and is considered to have enormous potential with very similar hype to stem-cells. But after 35 years and billions of dollars of work, the the actual number of people who have been helped is very small. Not that it's a big deal, but in my opinion it's more polite to criticize someone directly than obliquely. I'd still very much like to hear what you have to say! Not having a central approval process doesn't have to mean that the marketplace is unnavigable like the Android app store. From what I can tell, man-traps are only illegal in the US if they use deadly force. Got-rich-quick stories aren't bad because you'd be unhappy to be wealthy by getting lucky off of a silly idea, they're bad because most people just aren't going to be lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time. Instead, most people have to work hard doing things like learning Clojure or improving their writing skills in order to produce a product that society really wants. More like, come up with a great web-interface to allow a single, one-time idea from an individual user (which otherwise would have been heard only by him and his friends) to be made available to the entire internet. Like gjm, I'd also like to know what makes you think this. This is really not the best way to think about this problem. The issue is not that it's necessarily bad to test many hypotheses, it's that testing more hypotheses requires more data. For instance OP says >Instead of using a thesaurus to generate 10 ad variants, decide what pain-points or language you think will grab potential customers and test that theory specifically. In other words, he says test one hypothesis rather than ten. But there's nothing wrong with testing ten variants so long as you have enough data to ensure that the chance that any of the variants produce a false positive because of statistical fluctuation is small. Given a fixed, finite amount of data, you can do some pretty simple statistics to find out exactly how many hypothesis you can test at a given confidence level. I understand that regions in Pakistan have offered refuge for the Taliban. What I don't understand is how one could be confident that this has been essential to the survival of the Taliban. I've only skimmed the FT article, but isn't the simplest explanation that Norway was a westernized, relatively rich democracy unlike the other examples such as Saudi Arabia and Venezuela? Yes, Norway wasn't as rich in 1968 is it is now, but the relative disparity between Norway and the outside countries which wanted to exploit the oil wasn't nearly as great as the other examples. MW says that the singular usage is standard now: >USAGE. "Data" leads a life of its own quite independent of datum, of which it was originally the plural. It occurs in two constructions: as a plural noun (like earnings), taking a plural verb and plural modifiers (as these, many, a few) but not cardinal numbers, and serving as a referent for plural pronouns; and as an abstract mass noun (like information), taking a singular verb and singular modifiers (as this, much, little), and being referred to by a singular pronoun. Both constructions are standard. The plural construction is more common in print, perhaps because the house style of some publishers mandates it. There's not really an important distinction between seeking a theory in data which already exists and choosing a theory and then collecting data except that the later generally implies a large amount of data per hypothesis. In particular, there's nothing wrong with the OP's example of picking 10 variants of an ad (i.e, testing 10 hypotheses) and finding out which one is better so long as you have enough data. It's really a matter of sample size. To save space, you were supposed to use the "l" (lower-case "L"). I'm sure there's a good article about it, but all google found on a first try was this metafilter thread: http://ask.metafilter.com/46743/Royal-typewriter-missing-key... Again, I just don't understand what the evidence is for the claim that Pakistan was key, vs. there being sub-optimal substitute hide-aways in Afghanistan. In other words, just because I drive a Honda to work doesn't mean that if Honda went out of business I wouldn't be able to get to work. I'd just buy a different (perhaps less reliable) car. While it would be very surprising if the Higgs turned out to be a boring, Standard-Model Higgs, there are very good reasons to believe that something Higgs-like has to happen at the multi-TeV scale. Basically, without a Higgs the Standard Model yields non-physical predictions (e.g. probabilities for certain processes exceed unity). In other words, the Standard Model isn't even consistent above a TeV or so without the Higgs. Something has to give. Edit: to make contact with your example, everyone knew that if you didn't find evidence for the ether, than the model of electromagnetism was very wrong. In fact, that was great justification for carrying out Michelson-Morely type experiments. If that's metaphysics, then every famous physicist--Newton to Einstein to Feynmann--has been a strong believer in the power of metaphysics. Well, then this just basically becomes a philosophical argument about the justification for empiricism/inductive-reasoning. Can we axiomatically prove that just because the sun has risen in the morning for the last 10,000 mornings that it will do so tomorrow? No. Neither can be sure that just because every single major advance in physics has come because of simplification/beauty that the next one will come the same way. But you'd be a fool to bet otherwise. At the time, no one (not even Einstein) thought the precession of Mercury had anything to do with the lack of experimental detection of the Ether. Einstein figured out special relativity, solving the Ether problem, almost a decade before doing general relativity and thereby solving the precession or Mercury. I do think your statement is the philosophical equivalent of 'we can't be sure the sun will rise tomorrow', except that it differs by degree . (The sun has risen thousands of times in my personal experience, and bazillions of times in the experience of humans, while only a handful of fundamental physics discoveries have been made.) In either case, it's a question of justifying the claim that "In situations of type A, X has always been true in the past. Therefore, in situations of type A in the future, X will be true". Likewise your simple statement that "the current zoo of particles may well all be fundamental, with no 'simpler' theory underlying them." is analogous to "the sun will collapse into a black hole tomorrow". Again, just a difference of degree. [I should stress here that the justification for empiricism is an age-old philosophical problem which isn't easy to understand, much less solve. However, I think that a proper understanding of the history of physics gives very convincing (though maybe not the-sun-will-rise convincing) evidence that simplicity and beauty will be found at the bottom of the particle zoo.] I don't understand what the true statement >If there really is to be a scientific breakthrough of the magnitude of a Newton, it seems likely (almost by definition) that it will be from an unexpected avenue of thought - seeing that the expected ones have been well researched and haven't been all that productive. has to do with our current discussion. Lastly, (basically) no career particle physicist think that any Nobel prizes will be awarded for a unifying theory in their lifetime. (See, for instance, http://www.math.columbia.edu/~woit/wordpress/?p=2998 ). Perhaps, if we're lucky, there will be a somewhat simplifying theory (which gets a Nobel prize) but that certainly couldn't come from the dominant research avenue, string theory. I think then your claim is that the true risk and the perception of risk are very different, not that default is necessarily likely (i.e. > 50%). If you were really confident that default was likely within 20 years, you could make an awful lot of money shorting T-bonds (or something). > The only thing I miss about installations, as a developer, is the ability to drop an icon on the desktop. The thing I love about web apps is not having to worry about an installation dialog where I must be on the lookout for the program trying to place icons on my desktop, start menu, or elsewhere. But then left/right would be banking. I see "F" not as censorship but as just a less intense version of "fuck", a la "fudge", "heck", "darn", "frickin'". This could really use some explanation. He says, as I've heard, that those body fat scales are wildly inaccurate. But it looks like the variance is less than a percentage point, which seems really good to me. I guess it's more of an issue of a constant error? EDIT: Yea, I guess it is probably a constant (person-specific) error. The first google result said >Use [the scales] to measure your progress only. Don't compare your body fat percentage to tables or to your friends score. It is probably inaccurate no matter what the manufacturers say. I guess if you calibrated this with a one-time, accurate body-fat measurement, it would be pretty good set-up. EDIT2: Well, maybe not. Some people apparently report that the (cheap?) scales vary several percentage points during a single day. My calibration method also seems vulnerable to the fact that people store their fat in different places on their body depending on their genetics. Maybe this can be fixed with two calibration measurements... Le Monde diplomatique looks good. The only thing is that, as the name suggest, it's strongly focused on international politics (even more so than the Economist). Thanks for the recommendation. It's still important for everyone doing math to know that the convention is bad, though, even if it's not worth switching. Then it becomes clear in several instances that slight blemishes in the beauty of equations are of human origin. It also help you think of 2pi as an object. Same thing happened with the gamma function. MathOverflow: http://mathoverflow.net/questions/20960/why-is-the-gamma-fun... Looks promising; I'll check it out. Thanks. Explaining/justifying the reasoning may be hard, but it's not abstract minimalist, is it? More like idealistic about open standards? In practice that could go wrong in a number of way, but I don't see a problem with it in principle. If Sergey Brin thinks the current medical research establishment stifles certain kinds of research avenues, fine. But let's not cast this as him "proposing to bypass centuries of scientific epistemology in favor of a more Googley kind of science". He's not the next Francis Bacon, and this isn't some deep insight into the nature of science. Because combing through large amounts of data in search of a hypothesis is as old as the hills. (In fact, the dangers of generating false hypotheses were already detailed on HackerNews a few days ago.) Brin isn't proposing some new way of doing science, he (I think) is just suggesting that the current mentality/funding-structure/whatever is not set up to support this type of analysis optimally. I don't feel all that convinced. >And at the end of it all I think most got the point that we should rely on evidence, not simply what people say. ...well...yes and no. For basically all of our beliefs about things outside of our immediate environment, we rely on evidence that other people have collected. I can't determine that the earth is a sphere by my own observations any more than a man could 5 thousand years ago. These were exactly my thoughts when I read this piece. I don't understand how anyone could be confused. News organizations don't claim that it's better for society that they hide their biases; they claim it's better for the status of the news organization. I mean, it's right in the quote from the Washington Post: > "..could be perceived as reflecting political racial, sexist, religious or other bias or favoritism that could be used to tarnish our journalistic credibility.” Likewise, in the conversation that Arrington mentions, the reporter never says that it his motivations for keeping his views secret are for the public good. However, none of this suggests, as Arrington argues, that there should be more opinions in our news. Rather, reporters should (for the public good) strive to make their writing as opinion- and bias-free as possible while simultaneously being up front about their personal biases and political persuasions. A user's willingness to pay is going to be based either off of charity (a la NPR) or as an exchange for a service/good. You can't have both, simply due to human nature. I'm not sure you read my comment. I'm not saying that charity requests don't work. I'm saying that you can't (effectively) mix charity and selling services. How are they establishing causation? I feel exactly the opposite about my phone. It just needs to make calls. > But the efficiency of that method is laughably bad Based on one anecdote from the book? The PUA methods attracts guys who are terrible with women. It's not surprising that there cases where the guys isn't going to improve much. This isn't an argument against the ideas or methods. Given the solid summary of the PUA mindset and method (considering the space requirements) I would have granted the author some airs of grandeur if he had been able to give some insight on marrying the lessons of PUA with a respect for real romantic love. But he really couldn't, so the article ultimately disappoints. > If you look at most people of the 'seduction' community, they usually have something in their history that stunted their sexual-social development... So you're saying that the people looking for help in understanding and attracting women are more likely to have been bad at it in the past? And that people who already have a lot of experience and success are unlikely to be interested in PUD methods? Isn't that obvious? You're confusing two point: the meaninglessness of being simply atoms in the void, and our finite life spans. It's perfectly consistent to think that a finite life span would make us cherish our time more, if only not for the fact that everything is meaningless. Why should the emergence of complexity from simple underlying rules give meaning or value? First, there's the whole is-ought problem. Second, even if you tried to say complexity implied values, there are all sorts of things (computers, trees, and weather systems) which are highly complex but don't have the kind of intrinsic value that is assigned to people. But if you offered a man who was utterly unable to attract woman 40% odds of acquiring just 1 or 2 partners per year through PUA methods (and a 60% chance of no returns) I think he would (rationally) invest a huge amount of time into this. I generally agree, but there is an issue if Google has a monopolistic market share, even if there are many other options. As you say, there is very little customer lock-in, so there should be a high bar for calling Google a monopoly. On the other hand, there is a large entry cost for the search martket. First, Duck Duck Go may be popular with HNers, but it has insignificant market share. It clearly did not have the capital to make a dent. Second, Google has an astounding 63% market share, which would be considered a monopoly in almost all industries. Third, people "noticed" Microsoft's monopolistic tactics, but that doesn't mean that they weren't effective or didn't continue for a long time, largely unpunished. That's all true. But honestly, I would expect this poll to be biased toward over-counting woman. I mean, if I saw a poll to find out how many red-heads (like me) were on HN, I think it would catch my eye and I'd be more likely to click. Is this worth reading? I stopped after the ridiculous claim that "If you can pay peanuts, you can produce tanks and ICBMs that cost peanuts." I mean, if a small band of hunter-gatherers is led by a single tribal leader with complete power, he can pay them nothing. But that doesn't mean he can make ICBMs for peanuts. Likewise, the US had objectively more economic power than the USSR, and, assuming that the USSR had to maintain military parity with the US to remain stable, it would be quite possible for the US to beat the USSR by out-producing it. (I'm not enough of a student of history to know if this is actually what happened.) Yes, things can be misleading if you use straight exchange rates, but that doesn't mean it was logically impossible for the US to out-spend an authoritarian government. It always blows my mind that someone (a philanthropist or the government) hasn't just thrown down a few million bucks to make a truly user friendly version of LaTeX. The amount of grad student and professor time wasted dealing with the flaws in LaTeX is mind-boggling . Or am I naive in this cost estimate? Does anyone know roughly how much money and developer time went into the currently best editors, like TeXShop and TeXnicCenter? All of this outrage just stems from a confusion over the point of private research universities. The Purpose of Harvard is Not to Educate People: http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/cosmicvariance/2008/05/29/... State universities, yes, those are supposed to educate people. But not Ivy League schools. Their purpose is to produce new knowledge. The authors of the OP article then conflate two discussions: (1) Should private research universities focus on education instead of research? (I would give that a resounding no .) (2) Are the private research universities actually producing useful knowledge? (Here, I would be somewhat negative, but probably not for the trite reasons cited by the authors.) Those are completely different questions, especially since one is empirical and one is normative . And it is a hallmark of poor editorializing to try to address both an empirical question and a normative question in the same small space. I think orangecat's point is that rationality and the moral correctness are distinct (assuming you haven't solved the is-ought problem). "Rationality" is just taking actions which are most likely to lead to your goal, whatever that goal may be. Now, that still leaves us to explain the correlation between (a) rationality in the pursuit of relationships and (b) having "questionable" goals like pure sex rather than love. And I think it can be explained this way: First, sex is a much easier to define and measure goal; it's hard to gather data about how well you have achieved ephemeral things like "love". This makes it less amenable to rational attack. Second, people who are initially rational are more likely to see the rather unpleasant realities of love (tracing it back to evolution-driven competition) and become cynical of even the existence of love (and so settle for sex). Third--and I think this is close to what you were getting at--men who have been shunned by women may become so bitter that they don't really want to the love of a woman while still acknowledging that they want sex. Boy, it's hard to answer such a flattering comment without letting it get to your head and sounding like a pompous jerk! I'll give the same advice I give as a teaching grad student to undergrads who think us grad students are incredibly smart: it only takes a tiny amount of knowledge or training for someone to have that you don't for them to seem so much smarter. Don't be fooled. As a grad student enslaved by a university, I have become quite familiar with all the arguments about the purpose and place of research vs. teaching. Anyways, this confusion between normative and empirical claims is extremely common; once you become aware of the difference, you see it everywhere. The easiest way to familiarize yourself with this and related ideas is to take a introductory course on moral philosophy or read an introductory textbook. Unfortunately, even if I thought the book I used in college was all that great (it was OK), I forgot the name of it. The material is fairly universal at the introductory level, though, so any decent book would do. That question is somewhat addressed in Sean Carroll's post that I linked to: > If it weren’t for the fact that it’s hard to get alumni donations when you don’t have any alumni, serious consideration would doubtless be given to cutting out students entirely. Sure, some would complain that they enjoy teaching, that it keeps them fresh, or that students can be useful as research assistants. But those are reasons why the students are useful to the faculty; they are not assertions that the purpose of the institution is to educate students for their own sakes. >Don’t believe me? Here is the test: when was the last time Harvard made a senior tenure offer to someone because they were a world-class educator, rather than a world-class researcher? Not only is the answer “never,” the question itself is somewhat laughable. Honestly, once you realize that private research universities use undergraduates as a source of money, all sorts of seemingly strange behaviors by the university become simple. Why does Princeton allow so many academically unqualified students in to play sports? Alumni donations. Why does it charge $40k+ per year (albeit with financial aid) if it really wanted to attract the absolute best students (since it doesn't actually need the money)? Because the students aren't important and, heck, might as well pay for a couple more buildings. Gmail has been adding simple, non-novel features like this pretty regularly for years (e.g. signatures with full text styles, undo send email, multiple inboxes on one page). I can't imagine that the bottleneck on rolling these out is developer time, so what is it? Customer research/feedback to find out what features are really needed without bloating? Anyone have version of this story which isn't dripping in sensationalism? None of this carries over for non-monopolistic markets. Are monopolies the only place Groupon makes sense? Isn't it obvious that the #1 reason wave failed was because it wasn't backwards compatible with email? If I could I have received all my email over wave, as well as new waves, I would have started using it immediately. But if its separate, I have to add yet another thing to check to my life? No thanks. > The analysis is intended to cover any business that faces a downward sloping demand curve. That is, any one who is not a price-taker. Those are two different things. The vast majority of demand curves are downward sloping. (The exception being products which show strong network effects.) The key thing about a monopoly is that it is a price-setter, not a price-taker. I've taken several courses in classical mechanics, and I've never seen anyone give a proper treatment of complex (really, chaotic) systems unless the entire course in devoted to it. The ideas are so different and time-consuming that it just cannot be introduced alongside simple classical mechanics. That said, numerical simulations of simple systems (harmonic oscillators, perturbed oscillators, etc.) can be a helpful partner to analytical study. Or, alternatively, they don't have to worry about it because there is no health insurance tax deduction to force individuals to get insurance through their employer. > The profit motives of private health care favor denying care, since not paying out money is a good way to make money. This is an argument against all private insurance (home, auto, etc). Catastrophic health coverage is not particularly expensive. It would be much more reasonable for the government to cover catastrophic costs (say, those in excess of $200,000) and otherwise leave private insurance alone. The real question is whether it actually feels as smooth as a pen. The erasable pens were not pleasing to write with. > Make "yes" the default answer. This is really the key idea. I am blown away by how many parents make themselves and their children miserable by just saying "no" without thinking about. A more scientific approach, which compliments the OP well: http://www.fz-juelich.de/inb/inb-mut/innsbruck/sommer06/pdf/... In particular, see table 1, page 4. > By realtime the autor means that it would pop up like an IM/SMS. I'm not so sure I'm convinced that emails popping up like IMs is a good idea. Exactly. I think the ideal situation would be for IM and SMS be integrated (or just have one win out) and for your IM/SMS messanger be integrated into your email inbox. Then, have an option to be either "available" or "not available" for IM/SMS. IM/SMSs sent when you're not available would show up like email in an inbox. This is basically what google is doing with gmail and gchat. The only problem right now is that I can't do gchat on my cell phone. Also, the SMS/IM standard has to be as open as the email standard, where I can contact everyone . This is at least half of my youtube experience. >...with not even a link to the actual article. Incidentally, how is it that a newspaper could ever report on published research without linking or citing the publications? I could never understand how common that is, not could I get a good answer from anyone in the industry. Your "compare with" link is a millimeter wave image, not a back-scatter x-ray image. The later really is much more detailed... http://www.naturalnews.com/gallery/articles/WaveScanners.jpg ...though not quite as detailed-looking as the hoax. But it doesn't take any effort or resources to include it. It should be standard, like listing the city in which the article was written at the beginning. Wow, thanks for that. Those are exactly my feelings. Incidentally, that (rubbish) response doesn't address the fact that at the very least they could include a citation without a link, exactly as the economist does when it discusses a research article. Man, as a grad student, I can't disagree with the first two points enough. This is OK advice if all you want to do is finish a PhD as quickly as possible (ignore course work and any studying not directly related to your dissertation), but it's terrible advice if you want to (a) become a broadly smart individual or (b) do research later on anything else besides the tiny topic of your dissertation. Grad school is the only time in your life where you'll have the freedom to study all sorts of incredible stuff. If you leave academics, you won't have access to the resources, and if you stay in academics, you'll be constantly scrambling to crank out publications as a post-doc or professors. > In the interest of personal disclosure, I suffered from the "want to learn everything" bug when I got to Ph.D. school. I took classes all over campus for my first two years: Arabic, linguistics, economics, physics, math and even philosophy. In computer science, I took lots of classes in areas that had nothing to do with my research. The price of all this "enlightenment" was an extra year on my Ph.D. Only a year? Sounds cheap to me! When else in your life are you going to have the opportunity for this kind of enrichment? Yes, taking linguistics classes is probably not going to help your future physics research. (Though it can still be worthwhile). But taking chemistry, math, and physics outside of your particular niche is incredibly helpful for teaching you different ideas that you can apply later. Also: >Einstein's Ph.D. dissertation was a principled calculation meant to estimate Avogadro's number. He got it wrong. By a factor of 3. Yea, well, for their PhDs, Bekenstein's discovered black hole thermodynamics, Feynman came up with the path integral, and Hawking proved the singularity theorem. Yes, you can go on to be successful after a modest thesis. But you can also kick ass young. (Also, finding a method to calculate a theretofore empirically-measured universal constant based on elementary principles--and only being wrong by a factor of 3--is pretty incredible!) Frankly, I just don't know very many grad students who come close to "shooting too high". I'm sure this professor has met a few, but is his concern really that they are shooting themselves in the foot, or is it that grad students who take chances for big breakthroughs (and hence, usually fail) are not very useful for advancing the career of professors? > whereas American Ph.D.s can (usually) transition directly to faculty jobs In physics, going straight from grad student to professor is extremely rare these days. I agree, except that (a) this should lead you to TA for longer in order to spend more time doing classes, but that is exactly the opposite of what grad students are told to do ("get to research as soon as possible") and (b) you should push the bounds of how much non-directly-thesis-related learning you can do while on your advisor's grant. You're a grad student , not a research technician, and only bad advisors will require you to do nothing but work directly toward immediate publications. > The article is not titled "How to become a broadly smart individual" -- it's titled "Easy ways to fail a Ph.D." That's why I said "This is OK advice if all you want to do is finish a PhD as quickly as possible." Professors don't give this advice to students in the form " If you want to finish ASAP, take this advice, but really finishing ASAP isn't a good idea". They just give the advice, and it's bad. > But you're perceived as wasting your advisor's funding, you're ruined. I didn't say waste. There is a balance. And if your advisor treats you as a research technician, and only pays you conditional on working full-time on his research, you ought to change advisors. >If you want to be a broadly smart individual, finish grad school as quickly as possible, become a professor, get tenure, and you'll have the rest of your life to study whatever you like. First, ask any tenured professor and they'll tell you they have the much less time for free thinking then they had in grad schools. Grant writing, committee siting, etc., soaks up most of their time. Second, the average age to get tenure is 39 : http://blogs.physicstoday.org/newspicks/2009/11/family-is-th... Waiting until you're 40 to do your independent, free thinking is a good way to make sure you never do anything original. >> (a) become a broadly smart individual > Do you need to be in grad school to achieve this? No, but grad school is a fantastic place for it. Just because you can (partially) make up for a missed opportunity doesn't mean that missing it wasn't bad. > Learning the skills involved in focusing on one area can then be applied to another area later on. The fact that skills involved in one area can be applied to another doesn't mean you shouldn't be acquiring skills in many areas. In fact, it supports my point. I don't think we really disagree here. Yes, you need to be smart and realistic about your capabilities. My Feynman et al. example wasn't advice for students, it was a refutation of the idea that theses aren't particularly important or indicative of future success (which is what you imply with the Einstein example). Edit: "OP" --> "you". Sorry, I didn't realize I was talking with the author. Thanks for the thoughtful reply! Ahh, I parsed it wrong. My mistake. I'm not interested in being "broadly educated". In fact, if you knew me, you'd think that laughable. I am no polymath, nor do I aspire to be. I'm talking about having a broad education within your field , i.e. taking course not directly related to your thesis that can give you insight on your thesis or on something you might research afterwards. >>"First, ask any tenured professor and they'll tell you they have the much less time for free thinking then they had in grad schools. Grant writing, committee siting, etc., soaks up most of their time. Second, the average age to get tenure is 39" >If you're unhappy about the life of a professor, then don't get a PhD. I'm not complaining about the life of a professor, I'm challenging the idea that you should wait until you're tenured to think new ideas. I apologize. I must be presenting my ideas wrong, because I really don't think we disagree. It is definitely the responsibility of a good advisor to make sure that their student leaves grad school well-prepared and with a competitive CV. An advisor who doesn't push his student to work hard and focus is surely doing a disservice. I just don't think that means the student shouldn't have a certain degree of freedom (maybe...10% of his time?) to pursue less immediately publishable knowledge. EDIT: I think I spoke very poorly when I said "I can't disagree with the first two points enough". It's not that there isn't a great deal of truth to the OP's claim that not focusing on your research can lead to failure. It's that I feel very strongly about the danger of taking this advice too far (which, in my short experience, happens more often in grad school) and focusing on hitting all the career-ladder rungs rather than focusing on getting the training you need to make worthwhile contribution to your field. I wondered this too. Frankly, I don't understand why there isn't a 1TB iPod classic. I understand that eventually flash will replace hard drives, but it just isn't economical yet for the largest sizes. 64GB Touch: $400 160 GB Classic: $250 > The Pennsylvania researchers tracked 1,741 middle aged volunteers who completed a questionnaire on their sleep history, underwent a physical exam and were monitored overnight in a sleep laboratory. The death rate exceeded 50 percent for men with chronic insomnia , compared with 9.1 percent of those who slept well, after researchers adjusted for differences such as weight and smoking habits. Huh? 9% of the normal men died, and half of those with insomnia? How long did they follow them for? Really? The 160 GB iPod Classic was introduced Sept 2007. It seems like the technology should exist to at least have 500 GB at that form factor (though maybe the demand doesn't exist). Thanks for asking this question. This is an honest question from a childless person: how much time does your 3rd grader spend doing math homework per night? Naively, it seems reasonable to me that there is going to be a fraction of the necessary practice which must be done under the supervision of the teacher, and a fraction which can be done alone. Now, as people move up the academic ladder and, presumably, become better at teaching themselves, the amount of class time decreases and the amount of self-directed time increases. At the 3rd grade level, where they spent 6-8 hours in class each day, it seems plausible that the correct amount of homework is roughly 30-60 minutes per night. It also seem plausible that the homework teaches a student not only the material, but also how to learn on their own. I think you guys are talking past each other. Your claim is that, if Google Instant is successful, it will be because of marketing/hype/some-other-non-technical-reason. His claim is that it will be because Google made the feature (which everyone agrees existed in a basic form 5 years ago) accessible to the average user. I don't think you guys are going to be able to settle this debate without some data about real life users. Although if you could get people to order their search queries by most important to least important, like regular search, it would probably work fine. loewenskind was talking about two thing: Zuckerburg being a jerk, and the vision. Bmelton was replying only to the jerk part. This is more or less a correct interpretation (the physics are definitely right). Importantly, the behavior is seen in electromagnetism, which is much easier to think about than general relativity, so people should start there. (But no one will ever read this comment because the topic is 5 days old.) Yea, I don't understand at all how this list is made. It can't be based on average -recruit-quality, in any sense, because the highest-average quality schools will always be small ones (simply due to averaging and statistics). The volume on Intrade for many of these niche futures is very low, which may make the payoff for correcting poor market prices too low to motivate knowledgeable physicists. But I think some more publicity for Intrade and prediction markets in general would be a great thing. Full disclosure: I have several unfilled positions on the Higgs and Supersymmetry. > And worse – he’s confirmed that many Google employees are interviewing with Facebook and Twitter, among others, simply to get a hefty raise. “Many people at Google use Facebook offers in order to get a big raise,” says Buchheit. I don't understand why this is "worse", i.e. why interviewing purely to get a raise should be thought of as a bad thing. To me, having many (hopefully low cost) interviews simply allows software developers to be efficiently priced as market conditions change. Now, the natural response, if employee value can move upward more easily, is that employers will be less willing to offer job/salary security. But, on average, this is good, right? Fighting this is like fighting to go back to the old pensions system, which drastically reduced employment flexibility and was a major source of economic friction. Well, first, this is an argument about why it is bad for the company , not for the correct allocation of resources for society. (Although maybe you could adapt the parts about political inefficiencies to argue also for the latter.) Second, it seems like all these problems go away (at least to first order) if you simply pay people what they are worth (as defined by the market). Being squeaky only helps if you need to do it to call attention to inadequate compensation. > So, would you say it is no different than when companies offshore development to reduce costs? Yes. >I rarely counter as there is no guarantee they won’t come back sometime later with an even higher offer, and so on and so on. If I'm a builder and the price of wood goes up--but it's still the cheapest material for my needs--I keep using it. If it keeps going up, I keep paying more and more until there is a cheaper alternative. Yes, it can be argued that there are key differences between people and wood, but you haven't identified them and why they are important here. >What if your employer did the same sort of thing and came to you and said – “hey, someone with equal credentials and experience told me they would do your job for less, so you either need do it for the same or I will replace you.” I would be bummed I was no longer as valuable of a commodity, but I wouldn't fault the employer. Well, I just meant that if you treat wood or people as strict commodities, then the fact that the price might continue to rise in the future doesn't really seem to imply that I shouldn't pay a slightly higher price now; you just pay the market price so long as you still make a profit and there isn't a cheaper alternative. (This is the naive, econ-101 analysis.) But, of course, people are more complicated than wood. So if you wanted to argue that you should refuse to pay the higher price, you would need to explain exactly what the difference between people and wood are, and exactly why it should lead you to reject the naive analysis. True, but you need to consider possible sub-markets. They might have much less than 10% of angel funding nationwide, but 60% of tech angel funding in the bay area . Or something like that. It all depends on how the regulators draw boundaries around markets. This author is confused about the meaning of "don't be evil". He seems to think it means to conform to a particular morality (i.e., the one to which the author subscribes) in all aspects of business. He probably thinks this is supported by the fact that Google embraces various left-leaning causes (investing in geothermal energy, etc.) when it's not clear that this could be justified in a business sense by the good publicity it generates. But I think the original meaning of "don't be evil" is much more modest. It means: don't betray the trust of the user. For example, don't sell SEO favors, don't sell the user's info to advertisers, don't trick the user into downloading anything, don't abuse a monopoly position, etc. (This isn't to say that Google hasn't bent/broken these rules.) The fact that Google also supports various left-leaning causes is just a reflection of the fact that an unusually small number of left-leaning people influence the company's decisions. I think the wikipedia article supports this interpretation. I really don't think "don't be evil" has anything to do with a particular ideology which might disapprove of pay-day loans or whatever. As a physics grad student, I'd love an aggregation site (like Digg, Reddit, or HN) which had the quality of discussion of HN but with a focus on academics instead of IT and startups. I'd love this to reach a critical mass, but I doubt it. I don't think we'll settle an argument here, but I'll say this: The large majority of payday loans are repaid. So long as (1) the borrowers are well informed and (2) there is healthy competition between the loaners, payday loans are good for society. They allow people who otherwise wouldn't get credit to float over rough patches. Let me ask you this. If you are poor and living month-to-month, and your uninsured car--which you need to get to work to continue earning money--is wrecked, what do you do? Not everyone has families to help them in this situation. I'm also skeptical that hardware is going to level off in this market. No matter how sharp the screens are, something that can fit in your pocket will always have too small of a screen. I imagine the next big jump will be some method (glasses, projection, whatever) which will enable apparent screen sizes larger the device. And I think Apple could again be a leader. Maybe, but there a one or two movies I like watching so much I can repeat the lines verbatim. So I don't think its just having bad memory which would allow others to watch and enjoy a movie multiple times. Not when they're in the process of typing. As a regular person, I really can't see a 40% decrease in size (of which I'm skeptical) for just jpeg images (not nearly the full "65% of the bytes on the web") being worth the huge switch-over costs. The ubiquity of jpeg is just too valuable. I mean cost beyond just web development. As mentioned in the article, there is a massive range of consumer and non-consumer products which have adopted jpeg as a universal format. Fine, but this doesn't change the main point. Even if you figured it was worth your time to determine the effect of each candidate on your future, it still wouldn't compel you to vote for the candidate which helps you most; the expected value would still only be a tiny fraction of a penny, and you'd be better off using your vote to signal allegiance, assuage your conscience, etc. ... unless you are alturistic, and you value the impact on the other 300 million citizens (and the rest of the world). Then it can make sense to vote for who you think is best. Yea. I agree with Churchill (at least for the correct quote: "It has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried ."), but I think these glib slogans are non-constructive or worse. I'm interested, but their "about" page isn't detailed enough. What do they do? I guess they give you the contact info for your representatives and then provide verification for the representative that you are a voting constituent? What do they do to organize ("match") people? Yea. The key assumption for the "put the armor where the bullets aren't" is that the initial bullets are spread evenly over the surface area (or, rather, that the bullets are spread evenly over the cross-section, which you then average over the typical orientation of the plane as it takes enemy fire). This turns out to be a good assumption because planes typically take highly dispersed enemy fire compared to the size of the plane. On the other hand, if the enemy had extremely accurate guns and (say, for visibility reasons) always shot at and hit particular parts of the plane (say, the parts of the wings next to the necessarily shiny propellers) then the naive reasoning would be correct : the areas that were bullet-ridden on returning planes would be the ones that should be armored. All true, but the fact of the matter is that most visibility-related deaths involving bikes are from cars that bikes, not bikes hitting or being hit by pedestrians or anything else without headlights. There are a few cases where pedestrians are killed by bicyclists, e,g. NYC messenger bikes, but this is small. Incidentally, what is the theory behind awarding the punitive damages to the plaintiff? I could understand giving the plaintiff a fraction of the punitive damages in order to provide an incentive to the plaintiff (and their counsel) to pursue, but isn't it crazy to give them all of it? Should the state keep it (like a ticket) or, better, use it where possible to compensate the unknown victims that punitive damages are supposed to help protect? Your comment and the replies are basically just disagreeing about semantics. In basically any use of the word "physics" for organizations (like "physics departments", "Nobel prize in physics", the "American Physical Society"), "physics" is a discipline which is much broader than simply the search for new fundamental physical laws. It basically includes any field that uses the training and techniques useful for searching for new fundamental physical laws. For example: condensed matter, optics, astronomy, astrophysics, quantum computing. That is, physics organizations (like most academic organizations) are united by a common set of training and techniques, not a common objective. This is just a fact about the useful way to organize human beings. But, if you are defining "physics" to mean "fundamental physics"---i.e. new laws of nature--then... (1) There hasn't been a confirmed theoretical physics discovery since 1967 when the Higgs mechanisms completed the Standard Model (although some might argue that the profoundly new understanding of existing fundamental physical law provided by asymptotic freedom, in 1973, qualifies as fundamental physics even if no fundamental laws were discovered per se). (2) There hasn't been a non-trivial (in the sense of being both not-easily-predicted by theory, like the top quark, and not trivially incorporated into existing theory, like neutrino masses) discovery in experimental physics since 1973-4, when the electroweak and strong theories were more or less confirmed. (It doesn't qualify as "easily predicted" since there were serious doubts beforehand.) There are possible exceptions to (2), depending on which experiments you consider to be most important for dark energy, dark matter, and cosmology/CMB. There haven't really been any decisive experiments---only a steady accumulation of evidence. I wouldn't consider any theory related to these three as confirmed. So yes, the field of fundamental physics is profoundly stagnant. (This is just the best historical understanding of a myself, a grad student, so I could be wrong or disagreed with by more prestigious physicists. Take it with a grain of salt.) I think this is semantics: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1760580 In the US, the prosecution is going to have to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that there is, in fact, encrypted information and that the suspect knows the key. Yes, there are going to be gray areas. But if Bob has one computer in his house with his and only his finger prints all over it, wear that indicates that the computer has been used extensively, and the computer hard drive is filled with an encryption scheme wrapped around otherwise useless gigabytes of random data, then I am sure beyond a reasonable doubt that there is encrypted data on the hard drive and Bob has the key. > Probably, you mean "polemics." No, I mean this is a confusion about the meaning of a word (namely, "physics") not a dispute about facts (empirical or normative). By the way, saying an argument boils down to semantics is not vacuous. If I disagree with Bob about whether the moon will be full tonight, we have no disagreement or misunderstanding about the meaning of words. Incidentally, Wikiedia claims (emphasis mine): >One of the earliest attempts to quantify reasonable doubt was a 1971 article by Rita Simon and Linda Mahan, "Quantifying Burdens of Proof: A View from the Bench, the Jury, and the Classroom." In a later analysis of the question ("Distributions of Interest for Quantifying Reasonable Doubt and Their Applications," 2006[10]) , three students at Valparaiso University presented a trial to groups of students. Half of the students decided the guilt or innocence of the defendant. The other half recorded their perceived likelihood, given as a percentage, that the defendant committed the crime. They then matched the highest likelihoods of guilt with the guilty verdicts and the lowest likelihoods of guilt with the innocent verdicts. From this, the researchers gauged that the cutoff for reasonable doubt fell somewhere between the highest likelihood of guilt matched to an innocent verdict and the lowest likelihood of guilt matched to a guilty verdict. From these samples, they concluded that the standard was between 0.70 and 0.74. Smarties in US: http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_Qm2M81VKS-s/SaC6lVU2-UI/AAAAAAAADn... Smarties in Europe: http://www.sogoodblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/11/smartie... 500. But it was influenced by his warning not to underestimate. This is such a bad excuse. Being polite requires extremely little time, and it's a requirement for interacting with humans. In my experience, autistic-ish people (often geeks or nerds) sometimes confuse being polite with being social, which does take time. They then seem to think that if they don't have time (or really, the skill and desire) to be social, then they don't have to be polite. This is a minority of geeks and nerds, of course. Maybe. I have indeed seen cases where nice but busy and terse people were incorrectly interpreted as rude. But from what I've read about Stallman, I'm more inclined to think he's kind of a jerk. Often, people who are busy, and especially people who are passionate like Stallman, tend to look down on other who don't share their passion. This isn't the end of the world. I'm kind of a jerk. That's because if it's a long question it generally requires a longish reply to explain to the other person why the answer is "no". Saying simply "no" strongly suggests that the other person's understanding is not worth your time, or that they should accept your answer without understanding it because you are higher status. >My netbook has to be coaxed through the day with Wi-Fi switched off in order to get more than a few hours out of the battery; my 15″ laptop only goes 2-3 hours between charges (newer models may be better, but I can’t change laptops at the drop of a hat); meanwhile, I find the iPad easy enough to type on in landscape mode, it turns on/off instantly and, after 8 hours taking notes and tweeting yesterday, it still had an indicated battery charge of 55%. Sounds like this guy's real problem is battery life (and, to a lesser extent, slow resume from sleep), not keyboard vs. no keyboard. The iPad gets 16 hours or whatever in part because it has a 9.7 inch screen compared to his laptops 15 inches or so. My netbook with a 10.5 inch screen gets 8 real hours of battery life. So yes, keyboardlessness is good insofar as it enables you to have a tiny screen (since a tiny screen with a usable size keyboard would be awkward). But I only use my netbook 6 or less hours a day, so for me I easily trade the difference between 8 and 16 hours for a real keyboard. As battery life gets better, that will make sense for more people, unless keyboardless entry starts making big progress (which is possible). But even then, I'd still rather have a larger screen and $200. > That's no small thing I'm not saying it's a small thing. This isn't a netbook vs. iPad argument. I'm saying the resume-from-sleep speed has to do with good Apple engineering, not the keyboardless form factor (which is what the OP was defending). > your brain can only work productively on a hard problem for 1 -3 hours before needing to reboot This is very different from my experience. For advanced math or physics problems, it general takes at least a couple of hours to assemble the relevant mathematical structure in your head. Only once you are familiar with the "setting" can you really start to work. I've heard similar things about writing code. If I took a break every 2 hours, I'd never get anything done. > I wonder what the incidence of electrocution is in the UK vs US. I'm probably biased, but I certainly feel far safer here, especially having kids. Cars kill 100 times more people than electrocution (not to mention severe injuries, which are rare for electrocutions), so they're probably a more important risk to worry about. Any slight difference in car accidents is going to swamp electrical concerns. Agreed. I just meant that as far as comparing the US to the UK for feeling safer (his words), electrocution concerns are pretty trivial. Unless he spends an unusual amount of time near wall sockets or suffers from an acute case of electrophobia. > ...a very small team creating an entire, enormously complex operating system... I don't think the size of the team is a defense against the OP's critique. Criticism of Google's handling of the Android market includes the decision about how much man-power to devote to it. This isn't a personal attack on the team members. Eventually a few cultures which promote large families (e.g. Mormons) will come to dominate and reverse this trend. Anyone have the data to estimate how long this will take to happen? Trivial example: If an initial fraction f (with 0 f t in years is N [ f (1.05)^ t + (1- f )(0.99)^ t ]. For f = 1%, it takes less than a century for the growers to dominate the shrinkers: http://i.imgur.com/kv3KZ.png (blue is with f = 1%, red is f = 0%). > one variable that is consistently associated with large families is strength of religiosity I've never understood this. A preference for large families seems logically unlinked to the primary evolutionary benefit of religious beliefs as I understand them: the cooperation level that is feasible when there is a powerful, omnipotent god to punish norm-violators. Yes, religions which incorporate ideals about large families will tend to spread, but the same can be said about non-religious cultural memes. And, in fact, shouldn't secular humanism (which stress the worth of people independent of their service to a god) be more compatible with large-family ideals than traditional religions (which stress duty to god over duty to self and others)? EDIT: I read quickly though the paper you linked. It doesn't seem to answer my question. Rather it assumes the link between religion (belief in a judging god) and large-family ideals, and then arrives at the natural conclusion that religions are evolutionary advantages. Or did I read it wrong? > The only such meme that ever had success comparable to religion was nationalism, but it self-destructed in the world wars. Sure, but why aren't their such memes? I can imagine all sorts of hypothetical cultures which don't feature judging gods but do feature a duty to have children. Italics are obtained by putting words in asterisks. I like your main point, that if the US has used litigation to in place of government protection, then we can't replicate the benefits of loser-pays without increasing government intervention. But I have to quibble with your specifics. >Most of the rest of the world tends toward having the government deal with civil rights enforcement. Your employer denies you a promotion because of your race, sex, or religion? Complain to the appropriate government agency and they deal with the problem Maybe I'm reading this wrong, but I think this exactly what you do in the US. See http://www.eeoc.gov/facts/qanda.html . From that link: > V. Who Can File a Charge of Discrimination? > * Any individual who believes that his or her employment rights have been violated may file a charge of discrimination with EEOC. > * In addition, an individual, organization, or agency may file a charge on behalf of another person in order to protect the aggrieved person's identity. > VI. How Is a Charge of Discrimination Filed? > * A charge may be filed by mail or in person at the nearest EEOC office This is in addition to the ability to sue the employer without penalty (unless your litigation is "abusive", which is very rare). So, the strongest and most common objection against the English rule is that it would prevent the poor from suing even if they had a good case; they just couldn't afford a 10% chance of owing thousands of dollars. I am very sympathetic to this objection. But can't this be (mostly) solved by having the lawyers take on the risk? Already, lawyers will offer to work for free unless the plaintiff wins. ("You pay nothing unless we recover on your behalf.") That is, they risk their own time --but will do so only if they think there is a good case. This makes sense because it is the lawyers, not the plaintiffs, who are best able to assess the likelihood of winning. So then couldn't lawyers also take on the risk of paying fees if the litigation is unsuccessful? Is this legal in the US or elsewhere? Is it done? (Also, I think I heard somewhere about a guy who couldn't afford to sue a large company which stole his invention. Apparently, he had an IPO to offer stock in the lawsuit. He won, and both he and his investors were paid. Anyone remember this or have a link?) I don't think your first quote from the article does address the danger that the poor will be prevented from suing. Suppose you are poor (or middle class) and have a good case. It's good enough that a lawyer would give it a 90% chance of success. (But there is a 10% chance that something weird happens, as can always happen even if you have a good case.) If I'm poor, I can't take on a 10% of owing $10,000 in legal fees even if the payout of, say, $100,000 makes the expected value strongly positive. In other words, it's not that I can't afford over-priced attorney fees, it's that I can't afford any attorney fees. Now for your second point: all-purpose legal insurance doesn't seem like something that the poor are going to have bought. Even if the poor were rational and outrageously well-informed, the chance that any given person will be subject to discrimination is so low as to probably make the administrative costs of such insurance too large. However, if you could buy insurance after been discriminated against, then this could solve the problem. It's basically what I suggested in my top-level comment ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1792791 ), only it's an outside agency rather than the plantiff's lawyer which takes on the risk. It's not clear to me which format the economic frictions will favor. Do you know if this kind of case-specific insurance is available in countries with the loser-pays rule? >Courts are not generally required to award costs to the winner of a case here in England, it is more of a default in most cases instead of adopting "everyone pays their own costs" as in the US. Thanks, I didn't know this. I'm still not convinced that the threat of legal fees wouldn't convince a non-insignificant fraction of poor plaintiffs not to sue. > I guess you're referring to so-called "no win, no fee" agreements? If so, it's not quite as simple as that (the lawyers also stand to gain more if they win than they would in a regular case)... I know. In effect, the lawyer is selling insurance to the client. The client will get less in case of a win both because (a) he bought insurance, which brings his variance down (and so, his total payout in case of a win is lower) and (b) the lawyer collects a premium for absorbing the risk. > Isn't the fact that you are guaranteed to pay legal fees, which the poor will always find expensive, to be the greater obstacle to suing? With correct insurance/lawyer-agreements, the poor can set it up so that they have no chance of paying anything. In effect, they sell part of the expected value of their suit to decrease their variance to the point that they do not pay money in any circumstance. >I think the 'English rule' would encourage many poor people to litigate if they believed their case was strong. Well, to be precise, it would encourage many poor people to litigate if their lawyer (or their insurance company ) believed their case was strong. And isn't this exactly what we want? That justice is pursued? Exactly. I only suggested lawyers offering the insurance, but as you and someone else in this thread mentioned, it's also plausible for their to be dedicated agencies. It's not clear to me which would be more efficient. I was saying existing system. I was saying existing system. I was refering to the dangers of a system where the lawyers didn't take on the risk. You're suggesting something like a fire insurance that you can buy when your house has already burnt down?> No, it would be like buying fire insurance during a small fire that would only payout if your house burned down completely. The insurance guy would arrive, examine the fire, and determine that it had a 90% of being stopped with most of the house intact, and a 10% chance of destroying everything. Then, he would calculated how much you would need to replace your house in the case of complete destruction, and model the premiums accordingly. >The last 10 years there have been double-digit increases in the amount of people who have such insurances, so it's really something of the last decade. But the poor are going to be the last people to get such insurance. The article is about honoring failed entrepreneurs in the sense of valuing people who start companies and fail (by correctly realizing that the success of a start-up is almost completely uncorrelated with the technical skill of it's employees and only weakly correlated with their future start-up success rate). It doesn't have anything to do with government subsidies. This is exactly the kind of conventional wisdom that needs to be actually tested, rather than assumed. I agree with you, but he could have been more polite than "terrible terrible", especially considering that site is 48 hours old. I was confused by the button "workplaces". Maybe something more explicit like "completely workplace listing" or "all workplaces"? I wasn't making a claim about subsidies. I was just saying I don't think your comment was relevant to the article because of a misunderstanding about the article's use of the word "honor". OK, but the distribution of company sizes is a only a good metric if you take a dictionary definition of "entrepreneurship". Yes, you can call a country which has a bunch of old-fashioned mom-and-pop book stores "entrepreneurial" in the sense that the risk/reward of the businesses are concentrated (high variance) because they are individually owned. But that's not the disruptive, innovative entrepreneurship that interests HNers. I think there's a broad range of HN-style entrepreneurship that shouldn't be characterized as shoot-for-the-moon but would not at all be measured by distribution of company size. Seems easier than the situation in medicine. I have fewer moral qualms about testing experimental educational techniques on students than I do about testing experimental medicine on patients, especially if the students (or the students' parents) are compensated by an amount that make them willing subjects. Does he study children? The parenting schedule I have heard before is (1) Young children are compelled to act by rewards/punishments. (2) Older children are compelled to act because they respect their parents' directions, even if they don't understand or agree with the directions. (3) Young adults choose to follows their parents because they understand and agree with the directions. The point is that young children are just not cognitively able to appreciate adult reasoning. Yes, it's great if we can get 2nd graders excited about multiplication tables, but that's usually not possible. I still worry that one day apple devices will start tracking where your eyes are looking... The fine structure constant is special for completely different reasons than the mathematical curiosities discussed in the rest of the post. I don't want to start an environmental flame war, but... Isn't the disposal of inert materials in landfills one of the lease important environmental problems? Yes, if you're cutting down rain forests to make your cups, infusing them with CFCs, or using terrawatts of fossil-fuel-based power, then there are issues to discuss. But if you're just putting paper in a big pile somewhere, there's basically no issue. For all intents and purposes, our space for landfills is unlimited. Could someone fill me in on any aspect of this I'm not considering? Oh, I understand that we hope (and probably expect) that the fine-structure constant will turn out to be some mathematically well defined number derivable from an underlying theory. But that doesn't mean it's out of place on a list of integers which are interesting for purely mathematical reasons. > Well, if we were recycling all our current paper based waste then less rain forests would have to be cut down to keep up with demand. Rain forests are cut down to clear land for farming in developing countries, not for wood. > The problem is that we are disposing of otherwise useful materials, in a landfill. If I'm putting paper in a big pile of paper, and not using it for anything, I'm wasting resources, I could use that big pile of paper for something else. I believe this thinking is very flawed if it's used to justify extra-market laws or consumer boycotts. (If it's not being so used, then you're basically just saying "In accordance with market principles, Starbucks is trying to increase share-holder value by finding value in it's waste products. I approve."). How do you decide if something is "wasted" other than with economic cost-benefit analysis? If there was an economical way to use it, we would (or will, once we have the technology). I'm all for entrepreneurs finding new ways to utilize waste products. And, in fact, such entrepreneurs enjoy huge advantages in the market place because many people have not-quite-rational feelings about "waste". In other words: where is the market failure which is significant compared to the failures associated with carbon emissions, CFCs, etc.? Just to make Ars's point clear: the equilibium state of a forest is carbon neutral. Trees absorb carbon as they grown, then release it after death as they decay. Compared to an empty field, creating a forest stores a fixed, one-shot amount of carbon (however much carbon is in the trees at a given time); it is not a sequestering machine. If you could replace the forest with landfill which was inert and held more carbon in the form of paper than the forest, this would give a net decrease in atmospheric carbon. Obviously, there are issues of decreased species diversity, chemical leaching, etc., when replacing a forest with a landfill that this account doesn't consider. > I ate half my dinner and threw it away instead of putting it in a tupper-ware. >How does economic cost-benefit analysis...even factor into this? Suppose we lived in a universe where tupper-ware containers cost $X and there was no cheaper substitute. If $X = $1 million, you would just throw the left-overs away. If $X = $0, you would save them. How would you decide if it's morally necessary to use tuppaware for arbitrary X without a cost-benefit analysis? (The answer probably depends on factors other than just the cost X. For the sake of moral clarity, suppose that the cost was derived purely from paying people to build the tupperware. The people who are building them consume resources like all people do, but the actual construction of the tupperware requires no inputs other than labor.) > If I had $1 million for the tupperware, I would pay it, because it is a matter of longterm survival vs. money. No you wouldn't. You could have eaten gruel today for breakfast, but you didn't. Unless you're really going to bite that bullet (that survival is the only morally valuable thing, so no one is allowed any non-survival-promoting fun) then you need to allow that other things, like happiness, are important. In particular, you need to allow for people to sacrifice some future survival (i.e. waste ) for some happiness in some cases. How would you determine when this is OK? A cost-benefit analysis... Nature News certainly seems to do a better job of summarizing the research and important caveats. I'm looking over the website, but I'm having trouble telling what they focus on. Do they mostly just give a layman's version of Nature articles? > I don't think anyone would have read it to mean that all Google Groups Data will be destroyed. Actually, that's exactly how I interpreted the headline. >The idea that you need a physical machine close by to get any work done is completely out the window at this point. ... I ssh into the virtual machine to do pretty much everything: edit code, fire off builds, run tests, etc. ...Wide-area network latencies are low enough that this works fine for interactive use, even when I'm at home on my cable modem. This situation sounds fine if you're a developer and your job requires only low-bandwidth text streams between you and your physical computer. But for anyone who does anything graphical, or for anyone at home who wants to enjoy media, the bandwidth and latency are big problems. Maybe I should just assume that because this is on HN and written on a developer's blog, context is assumed. But it sure seems like a disconnect between hard programmers and the other 99% of the population. Surely we can draw a distinction between chatroulette and facelette in terms of originality. As charlief said, it's all about existential risk. It's the former, and it looks fine to me: http://i.imgur.com/g38Ix.jpg "Thinking" is not the same as time-consuming research through thousands of pages of bills This seems to be one of the many cases where a priori neither technique is much more preferable than the other, but where it's much more desirable that something be chosen as a standard than that there is disagreement. Exactly. In particular, limos need to arrange for pick-up at least 1 hour beforehand in SF to avoid being classified as taxis (if I remember correctly from the original article). So I can understand the argument for taxi regulation and prohibiting unlicensed taxis: when I hail a taxi for a 5 minutes drive, I don't want to expend resources looking at competitors, checking to make sure the meter is legit, checking proof of insurance, etc. Since most people want the same thing out of a taxi (as opposed to, say, buying a car), it makes sense for a centralized government agency to do some regulating. But what is the rationale for limiting the number of medallions? Why not just allow anyone who wants to become licensed to do so, while charging a fee which covers the cost of the licencing process? The OP's article lists the obvious dangers of completely deregulating, but it doesn't explain the cap on medallions. (Please, no comments about "because the taxi cartels control the government!". I understand the incentives for existing taxis to erect barriers to the market. I'm more interesting in the rationale of those who argue that a limited number of medallions is in the public interest.) The last thing I want to do when hailing a cab for a 4 minutes drive is check ebay-style reviews. I just want a cab to appear in front of me when I step out of a building. >Difficulty in regulating at scale? The per-licence cost of regulating should go down with increased scale (unless there's something really surprising I'm not considering). >A license is more than just a badge that means "I paid a fee." I don't understand what you mean here. I said the licence should reflect the cost to the city for doing the regulating. And the regulating should include stuff like ensuring the meters work, checking insurance, etc. OK, first, don't get all mad at me. I don't support such a law; I was just quoting my recollection of it from a previous article. Second, I think I was remembering this quote > Limos in U.S. cities usually have to prebook an hour in advance, by law, while only licensed taxis can pick someone up right away which may not apply to SF. Do you have a source that there is in fact no such time-limit in SF? > Because it's easy to get into the business,...charge high rates, get tired of it, and move on to some other job. This doesn't follow at all. All other things being equal, barriers to entry drive prices up, not down. If you want to argue that taxis are different than most other businesses in this respect, you're going to have to explain why. But see that's the thing: already, you've agrees that it probably wouldn't be worth the effort to rate cabs on anything besides a single dimension (rating/quality/stars/whatever). At that point, why not simply have the city compile reviews and then require each taxi to paint it's number of stars on the side? And for me , it's not even worth that. I just want a taxi that's insured. I'm not against rating systems on top of what we have now. If it's worth it for you to wait a minute for a better cab, more power to you. (Hell, I might want to take some time to find a nice car if I were on a date or something.) But please don't take away the easy, efficient system we have now in most cities. Thanks! This is the kind of example argument I was looking for. (And of course it makes terrible economic sense. If the city wanted to transfer wealth to the taxi drivers from other citizens, it would be more efficient to just have a transparent tax and payment system, rather than a hidden cost through a monopoly. But I figure I don't have to convince you of that...) But is that actually an argument that is given? Is there data showing that taxis are a significant contributor to congestion? If this were a real problem, it would be better to estimate the marginal cost to the city for having an extra car on the road for an extra day (or minute or whatever) and charge that. Then, let the market decide how that affects the number of taxis. (Also, if this were true, it would be an argument for charging everyone, not just taxis, to drive in the city.) Another explanation is just that the article was going to be delayed for some non-sinister reason. Then WSJ pushed it out the door in response to the TechCrunch article because, had they published it in (say) a week, it would have looked like they wrote the whole article to answer TechCrunch (as opposed to now where is just looks like the released it to answer TechCrunch). They covered that objection in the paper, which is available free on the website of one of the authors: http://www.stanford.edu/~gwalton/home/Publications_files/Job... In study #2, they manipulated people's beliefs about willpower by administering a "push poll", and then tested willpower depletion. The site has been up for 3 years without monetization? Has it just been on the backburner? I wish they would come out with one more line of HD iPods. My 160GB is full, and it seems like the tech for a 500GB in that form factor should be here. Did you not want to read the paper? It's really short and clearly written. They just randomly assign people to group A or B. Group A is told about the actual theory that willpower is a finite resource (“Working on a strenuous mental task can make you feel tired such that you need a break before accomplishing a new task”). Group B is told a competing theory that willpower compounds (“Sometimes, working on a strenuous mental task can make you feel energized for further challenging activities”). They administered surveys to confirm that they had successfully influence each groups opinions. Then, the experimenters tested the degree to which using willpower became harder or easier throughout a task. On average, group A exhibited willpower fatigue but group B did not. > On the other hand, I keep hoping the Higgs Boson (or a discovery soon after it) will hold the key to either anti-gravity or wormholes. Unfortunately, the Higgs has next to nothing to do with either of these. The fact of the matter is that it is very improbable that anything discovered at frontier accelerator (e.g., the LHC, SSC, CLIC) will produce anything useful for many hundreds of years, if not longer. Rather, these accelerators are built to learn about the universe for its own sake . In fact, I think that every single item on the federal budget should be put in exacly these terms. Every $1000 the government spends could in principle be returned to the tax payer from whom it was taken. If you can't say "this money is better spent on this government action than, say, a steel worker with a family who has 25% of his income taken as taxes", then it shouldn't be so spent. That said, I think asteroid deflection is easily worth the money. Is there any reason to think that LibreOffice, now without any support from Sun/Oracle, is going to cross the threshold of "professional usability" that OpenOffice is just too buggy to reach? Maybe. It all depends on how you're phrasing it. The server response is just a machine giving you permission; it's not the actual person. How is this different than saying "I asked for permission to the vegetable stand cash box by pressing the open button. The cash box gave me permission when it responded to my button press by opening." (Assume, if you want, that this was a button that could only be used to access paid cash, not for making payments.) Exactly, so the answer to the question "why is this different on the web?" this has nothing to do with the act of giving permission, as such. It just has to do with convention. I tried to do this, but there were a few major hurdles. First, MS Windows left a million poorly categorized things cluttering up my program categorization. Second, when new programs were installed, I had to manually move them from where they put themselves in the start menu. Occasionally, this broke them. And if I didn't think to do it, my list of programs quickly became ugly and unorganized. Third, multiple locations for the start menu folder items (all users vs. the local user) made this really annoying. No arrange by penis? At these scales, the difference between meters and feet (or really, between cm and miles) is insignificant. > Zuckerberg is flat-out wrong in his assertion that Hollywood doesn't understand people building something just because they like building things. He's not insulting the creative drive of moviemakers, he's lamenting the fact that they choose not to (or cannot) make this drive understandable to the laymen in the context of IT. (P.S. I love your book! But your justification for CP maps is misleading!) >There is an implicit expectation that the knowledge for the sake of knowledge will have the potential to provide real, tangible benefits for the people who are really paying for these experiments. This is the thing that most laymen don't understand: in terms of potential for applications, the LHC (and the past 3 or 4 accelerators) are different than the pure, curosity-driven research which preceded them. In the past, scientists studied things because they were generally curious, but the things they studied were actually accessible at sensible energies and distances . That means that the knowledge they discovered was potentially useful, regardless of motivation. However, modern accelerators operate at energies which are inconceivably far from the real world. The chance that they produce practical knowledge is much, much lower (though of course not zero). >If that expectation wasn't there, scientists wouldn't bother justifying the expense. This is wrong. There are large incentives for scientists to not expend much effort making it painfully clear to the public how impractical the LHC is. >I believe that many (maybe even all) scientists working on these kinds of projects feel this way. The people who ultimately fund the projects do not. This is kind of true. Yes, if politicians and the public knew how unlikely it was that the LHC would produce anything useful, they would be less likely to fund it. But don't forget that the US federal government funded the Apollo program and still funds things like art. >Everyone understands it in a general sense. Every 'lay' person I've ever met has some hobby they 'geek out' over, as its own reward. I think you're either wrong here, or are using "geek out" so generally as to make it pretty much meaningless. Playing Halo, drinking fine wines, and whittling figurines are not equivalent to IT creation. Having a passion for those former things does not automatically allow one to appreciate the latter. The important question isn't the percentage recyclability. It's the amount (if any) of chemicals which cannot simply be put in a landfill, and the amount (if any) of scarce minerals used which cannot be recycled economically. > The original post doesn't appear to misuse the technical term holographic. If fact, the lead sentence is exactly such misuse: "The 3D universe in which we appear to live is no more than a hologram." I don't think I've ever heard a physicist use the word "hologram" to talk about the holographic principle, so that word can only be interpreted as an actual, star-trek style hologram. That's a pretty good comment, but I thought I'll throw in what I think is a more concise and accurate summary of the holographic principle: The number of fundamental degrees of freedom in a region of the universe scales with the surface area, not spatial volume, of the region considered. Any complete mathematical description of a D-dimensional region of the universe can be mapped to a mathematical model constrained to D-1 dimensions, with only the latter exhibiting the pleasing property that the number of degrees of freedom is proportional to the (generalized) volume. Furthermore, it should be noted that the holographic principle is not much more than a conjecture supported by certain striking analogies between thermodynamics and the behavior of classical GR black holes. There is some additional circumstantial evidence from other areas of high energy theory, including string theory. There is no experimental evidence. The really great thing the holographic principle has going for it is that it's a very general idea which isn't tied to any specific theory, and so it almost certainly has a better chance of being correct. Philosophically, it's very analogous to the principle of relativity put forward by Einstein. (For more on that philosophy, you can check out the accessible SEP article: http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/einstein-philscience/ ) Frankly, I'm more inclined to fault Bousso for using misleading language. That's a lecture for a general audience. The word "hologram" isn't used in physics articles except for poetic fluff. For instance, in Bousso's much-cited review article, the word is used exactly once in the main text: "Holographic screens with this information density can be constructed for arbitrary spacetimes—in this sense, the world is a hologram." This is mostly marketing. This is a wealthy guy who spends all of his time with other wealthy people. He shouldn't blame the college he went to for him being unable to communicate with working class people. He wouldn't be any more skilled at this if he'd gone to a middle-tier school; most Americans don't go to college. (- Ivy alum) > which should roughly cancel out the error over time. To be pedantic, if the errors of size e are as likely to go one way as the other for each of N steps, the expected magnitude of the total error will be sqrt( N ) e . It's a random walk. Yes, exactly right, except with two caveats. Doubling the valuations means you get to make half the number of bets--thereby halving your expected returns-- except ... (1) ...if the price of finding a given start-up to invest in is significant. You've already paid the search cost before you decide on the valuation. Extreme example: It costs $100 to find each start-up, and you are arguing over a valuation of $1 or $2. Paying $1 instead of $2 won't let save you enough cash to find another start-up. (2)...if the market cannot be approximated as infinite because there are only a couple of Googles. In other words, when valuations drop to half, you can only double the number of bets if there are other similar bets to be made. So when Paul Graham says >Did they not understand that the big returns come from a few big successes, and that it therefore mattered far more which startups you picked than how much you paid for them? He's either mistaken or (more likely) he's implicitly suggesting that one or both of the above factors are very strong. But if so, why not be explicit about it in his original piece? Really? Let's put aside the single-parent part. Last year I made about $25,000. I enjoyed the protection of the US military, was treated at hospitals using techniques developed with federal funding, and benefited from the federal regulation of interstate commerce. I also had a nice room in a shared house in Santa Barbara, CA. I had a car, ate healthy food, went out to bars, and lounged on the beach. Why shouldn't I have had to pay taxes? > The cost of your rent is directly tied to the amount of property tax that house owner is required to pay. All the goods you purchased would have been taxed as well. Well, we were talking about federal taxes. That's why I listed services of the federal government. Property and sales tax are state. Social security and gas axes are supposed to be a closed systems. None of those pay for the military, interstate commerce regulation, or medical research. But the important thing is that I wasn't claiming I didn't pay taxes. (I did, although not much.) I was challenging the notion that I shouldn't be paying taxes just because I make less thank $30k. > PG's argument appears to be that the error in your estimate of p is almost always larger than the value of p and one should invest as long as 2*p is also within the estimation error. I don't think this is correct under canonical Bayesian reasoning. All uncertainties (whether because of ignorance or "objective uncertainties") can be bundled into your probability assessment. There is no "error" on your probability. I'm not expert though. I'm only....80% sure. More importantly, I don't think rebar has anything to do with durability (except insofar as being able to survive rare earthquakes). Rebar isn't impressive because it makes buildings last longer than without it, it's impressive because it allows building to be built which couldn't exist period without it. My anecdotal evidence is the opposite. I think "reach out to" as a weird, touchy-feely synonym for "contact" is my least favorite business buzzword. I can't take anyone who says it seriously. I immediately assume they are full of shit. It's still insulting. For many products which have zero marginal cost, bundling turns out to be much more efficient from an economics perspective than a la carte selection. This link illustrate the idea with a very simple model of New York City parks: http://makeanysense.blogspot.com/2010/07/more-choice-is-less... This is a very handy model to keep in mind when thinking about zero-marginal-cost economics. >If you say you plan to "reach out to the city's troubled youth", people would assume you meant something more than just asking some troubled youth a few questions. I agree. That's an example of its original usage which was meaningful, though vague. Yes, except it's me, not my kids (which are, as of yet, just a twinkle in my eye...). Eh. "Ping" sounds tongue-in-cheek to me. Nerd humor. It doesn't bother me as much. The fact that profit margins are bigger in Hotel search doesn't mean that there isn't money to be made in airfare search. Hotel search is a thornier problem. There may be more money to be made when someone eventually figures out how to do it right, but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't tackle airfare search if you think you've solved that easier problem. From the author's tone, it seemed clear to me that this was a case of him having an axe to grind rather than being actually stymied by a serious deficiency. Not particularly constructive. This could use some concurrent data plots showing, say, the number of new bits being received (by anyone). Would be especially useful when comparing the same visualization for traditional file transfers, to show what's special about BitTorrent. > Is this a pain point for anyone? Yes, I have several friends whose SMS, Facebook, and email contacts I have but who each prefer a different service. Could someone tell me why this idea wouldn't work?: Your credit card comes with a simple communication port (usb, bluetooth, whatever) and a two line B&W text LCD display (like on cryptocards or cheap electronic watches). Every time you want to buy something, you connect the card with the merchant. (This works in person and over the internet.) The merchants sends the card an official merchant name ("Delta Airlines"), which is registered with the credit card company, and a price ("$234"). These appear on the first and second lines of the card readout. If you approve the charge, you hit a single button on your credit card. Your credit card then sends an authorization code to the merchant which is good only one time, on that date, for that price, and with that merchants (using some sort of RSA hash). If a wireless connection is used, there is little risk of criminals trying to secretly communicate with your card sitting in your wallet; you simply won't approve the transaction (unless they have physical control of your card, at which point you're no more vulnerable than you are now). Further, you'd know exactly how the name of the merchant would appear on your bank statement. The only downside I can think of is that the card would by slightly thicker (like a crypto card), slightly less durable, and need a battery (which would last for the life of the card). But we already replace the physical card every few years, so is this a problem? Is the technology particularly expensive? First: yikes. Second: It's context. There's no need to talk about deficiencies of browser on a page trying to illustrate bittorent. He could have just said "does not work with IE". Sorry if it seemed like I was vilifying you. I have no problem with people expressing opinions; that's what personal webpages are for! I was just trying to explain to the parent. The author is a philosophy professor at the University of Cape Town. He is probably most famous for his argument that existence is a moral bad, as described in his book Better Never to Have Been: The Harm of Coming into Existence . > That might be the deal-breaker here. I would think it's surmountable, but point taken. >Credit card purchase authorization over SMS might be more sturdy How is this supposed to work? They send you a text, and you reply to confirm? The inability to make purchases without a signal seems fatal. Thanks for the feedback. I see three problems. > most banks now provide customers with a small reader (that looks like a calculator) for logging on to online banking, or authorising payments made via internet banking. This means you can only make online purchases easily and securely at home. If I want to be able to make purchases at someone else's computer, an insecure back door must necessarily be left open even when you're not away . > To authorise a payment you: put your card into the reader, type in the account number you want to pay, type in the amount, and type in your pin. This doesn't solve the problem (which people may not care about) that the merchant could now have your pin. >You then get an cryptographic authorization code to type into online banking. This seems like a huge burden. Physically typing in long cryptographic codes? Do people actually subject themselves to this? Thanks very much for the perspective. EDIT: I retract the second criticism for reasons explained below. > As for not being able to purchase without a signal, I posit that in the case where you need to authorize purchases, it has the same limitations as your credit-card-communication concept :) No, see that's the thing. With the right cryptography, the credit card itself can compute an authorization code. There's no need for the credit card to contact the credit card company. It's authorization from the consumer (by way of a button they press on the card), not from the card company, that is imporant. > However, note that the PIN is useless without the card, because the crypto chip is on the card, and it can't be cloned by a reader. Ahh. So then the merchant could only really make use of a pin (which it would have to do by compromising the pin reader--a tall order for small time crooks) if he also stole your physical credit card. I agree that this isn't much of a risk, and retract that criticism. What is the purpose of using water rather than just some metal projectile? The US army brings so much equipment, I can't imagine it's the fact that water is particularly easier to come by than (say) a metal disk. Here's the key idea: your cross-country flight exposes you to 2-5 mrem. MWBS is about 0.01 mrem. It's trivial. You could stand next to them all day and it would still be less than 1% of your daily radiation dose from cosmic rays. More importantly, for argument's sake, it would be much less than the amount of additional radiation you pick up on a standard flight. If you demand that human trials be done for every possible permutation of conceivable risk---throwing out as incomparable all data that is taken in even remotely different circumstances--then you can claim health risks about every single thing. And it's pretty much impossible to satisfy you because of the cost of human trials. The concerns raised in the UCSF letter are strained beyond belief. Further, a number of points (like the breast-cancer bullet point) are clearly there to influence emotions rather than critical reasoning. I'll just explain this one. As the UCSF letter states, the radiation is being deposited on a volume smaller than usual by a factor possibly as large as "one to two orders of magnitude". That means that at absolute worst this is like radiation dose of 1 mrem (still less than the flight tiny compared to your yearly dose), and that's assuming that all of the risk of cosmic radiation comes from skin cancer (which is wildly wrong). I assume you meant (emphasized to highlight correction). > One might just as easily shout out a hypothesis that non-religious people are more likely to make informed decisions based on actual data and hence stick to products that have been verified to work, whereas religious people categorize everything simply by whatever it says on label regardless of reality and are more likely to put blind faith in everyday decisions. However, I think this is counteracted by this part of the data (emphasis mine): > Researchers discovered that those participants who wrote about their religion prior to the shopping experience were less likely to pick national brands when it came to products linked to appearance or self-expression — specifically, products which reflected status, such as fashion accessories and items of clothing. If I understand correctly, this means that the religious and non-religious went with name brands equally often when the products were utilitarian (e.g. batteries and pain reliever medications) but the non-religious were more likely to pick famous brands when the products had a strong cultural signaling functions (e.g. sunglasses and fashion accessories). Seeing as that signaling group loyalties is widely understood to be the (evolutionary) purpose of many, many human actions, is it that surprising that people already signaling loyalties in one area (religion) are less likely to be inclined to signal loyalties in another (cultural/fashion/political)? This is hardly an endorsement of theism or atheism, just a fact of human nature. > They'd probably have gotten the same results comparing ACLU volunteers or skate park enthusiasts to the general population of nonreligious people. I really like this idea! You should shoot an email to the researchers. I have to agree with Brandon on this one. It seems clear to me that this topic is popular among the HN crowd not because there is anything particularly technical or intellectual about it, but because it fires up the libertarian political passions that happen to correlate with being a hacker. It's very similar to standard media coverage of political horse races: This topic may be very important, in terms of consequences, but it's not intellectually interesting . Maybe someone with more experience in Washington can explain this better than I can, but everyone should know that the tenancy of people to move from government agencies into the industries those agencies regulate is rarely a case of nefarious corruption. Two facts contribute much more: (1) a person who is familiar with the inner workings of the agency is immensely valuable to industry because there are genuine confusions and inefficiencies in the industry about the regulations and (2) there really aren't that many highly qualified people in the world in any particular niche industry (like airport scanners). I'm not saying that corruption doesn't happen or isn't happening in this case (the case of unconscious bias--rather than outright corruption--is an even bigger concern), I'm just saying it's a mistake to reason that "Person X took a job at company Y after previously regulating Y at agency Z. Therefore, corruption." Your accusations are exactly the kind of misguided thinking I was warning against. > What expertise does Chertoff have with regard to airport scanners? I'd be willing to be he's never even dealt with one. Chertoff works for a law firm which does work contracted by the scanner company. Nobody claims Chertoff's expertise is in the technical aspects of scanners, it's in the workings of the government regulation, which makes him uniquely informed on dealing with the legal issues surrounding the scanner. >The Representative that wrote the Medicare prescription plan quit Congress after its passage. He's now paid $2 million per year to be a lobbyist for the drug industry. I think it's fair to say that he was bought and paid for. First, representatives don't write their own bills. They are written by staffers, and these staffers are usually employed by the committees of the house, not the individual representative. Second, the bill went through innumerable change between its submission to the committee and it's passage. Unless all the voting representatives were on the take, they easily could have changed any particular lines they didn't like. At the end of the day, it was passed by both houses of congress. Third, it unwise to construct elaborate bribery explanations when there are such easy, simply explanations. (Seniors are basically voting themselves money.) > Particularly in light of what a horrible piece of legislation it was. Are you really claiming that congress's passing of horrible legislation is evidence of corruption? Congress passes horrible legislation every day. It's what it does . ----- The point is that even rudimentary knowledge about how the legislative process works usually debunks most of these conspiracy stories immediately. You should be suspicious, sure, but if you're ascribing a significant Bayesian probability to these corruption charges being true without further evidence, you're making a serious mistake in reasoning. I'm going any deeper except to say that Chertoff (a) is a lawyer and (b) was the United States Secretary of Homeland Security. I can't think of anyone on the planet more informed on the regulatory issues surrounding airport scanners being purchased by the department of Homeland Security than Chertoff. Your sentiment is healthy, but you should distinguish between "we don't know of a way to do X" and "X is impossible under the current laws of physics". The former is like etching sub-wavelength silicon. The latter is like moving faster than the speed of light. > new physics had been learned, and it had not been in his physics book. Again, there is a difference between learning new techniques and phenomena running on top of known physical law, and learning new fundamental laws. When engineers say "new physics", they refer to the former, but when physicists say "new physics", they refer to the latter. And there hasn't been any new physics, more or less, since the 60's. The computational limits are thought to be encoded in the fundamental laws, in a way very analogous to the limiting speed c. vibragiel is basically right, but I'll just comment here that if you think hard about what you are arguing, it is semantics. A physicist will define a force as an object's deviation from a geodesic (straight line motion in the relevant geometry). In this case, gravity is not a force as objects attracted by gravity are indeed following geodesics. On the other hand, if you define a force as an object's deviation caused by a second object from the path that would be taken were the second object not there , then gravity is indeed still a force. In this case, the second object is changing the geometry itself and, hence, the associate geodesic. I think you're wrong here. It's true that it's a myth that scholars in Columbus's time thought the earth was round, but the sphericity of the earth was certainly was not known for the past eight thousand years worldwide, nor was it even common knowledge among non-scholars in Columbus's time (as evidenced by the fact that artistic depictions of a flat earth were common). Wikipedia: > The Flat Earth model is a view that the Earth's shape is a flat plane or disk. Most pre-modern cultures have had conceptions of a flat Earth, including ancient Greece until the classical period, the Bronze Age and Iron Age civilizations of the Ancient Near East until the Hellenistic period, Ancient India until the Gupta period (early centuries AD) and China until the 17th century. It was also typically held in the cultures of the New World until the time of European contact, and a flat Earth domed by the firmament in the shape of an inverted bowl is common in pre-scientific societies.[1] The paradigm of a spherical Earth was developed in ancient Greek astronomy, beginning with Pythagoras (6th century BC), although most Pre-Socratics retained the flat Earth model. Aristotle accepted the spherical shape of the Earth on empirical grounds around 330 BC, and knowledge of the spherical Earth gradually began to spread beyond the Hellenistic world from then on.[2][3][4][5] The misconception that educated people at the time of Columbus believed in a flat Earth has been referred to as "The Myth of the Flat Earth".[6] In 1945, it was listed by the Historical Association (of Britain) as the second of 20 in a pamphlet on common errors in history > The first definition is tautological >With the same same hand-wavy argument, you could define the curvature of space based on electromagnetic field strength, for example, and argue that electromagnetism is not a force. No. You're very wrong here. You (irritatingly) seem to think that because you have only been exposed to popularized hand-wavy arguments, that physicists necessarily rely on them. The vast majority of possible forces (including Newtonian gravity and electromagnetism) can not be explained the way gravity is explained. Your confusion probably comes from not understanding how much smaller the space of possible geometries is than the space of possible forces. In fact, the stunningly beautiful thing about gravity is that it can be derived from knowing only that it is a geometric effect and obeys a few symmetries. Even if you relax some of these symmetries (e.g. Brans-Dicke theory) the resulting parameterizable space of possible geometries is very restricted. But your argument could be applied to mathematics, where powerful, non-ASCII symbols are very useful. What's different about programming? > The power of the [Dirac bra-ket] notation is that can be a symbol, expression, or even words that describe the state values. No, if this were true, then it wouldn't make any difference what the combination of braces, brackets, parentheses, and pipes were. All that would matter is that you could label a vector by an arbitrary word. That's hardly the importance of the notation. Rather, the asymmetry of the notation for a vector |x> and it's mirror image the dual vector emphasizes the canonical duality isomorphism on inner product spaces. The "hanging" pipe on a vector remind one that one must attach a dual vector (possibly sandwiching operators) in order to form a scalar. As the author later notes, there are other identities which become trivial when using the notation. Incidentally, it's interesting that Einstein notation (which the author only briefly mentions) is basically a more powerful--though less suggestive--version of bra-ket notation. Basically, you can represent Dirac vectors in Einstein notation as variables with a superscript letter and Dirac dual vectors as variables with a subscript letter. Operators then always have one superscript and one subscript. The power of Einstein notation is that it allows high-dimensional tensors than Dirac. The GR textbook by Wald has a good discussion of this, and Penrose write poetically about it (and his preferred graphical notation) in "The Road to Reality". > How to Lose 20 lbs. of Fat in 30 Days… Without Doing Any Exercise A pound of fat has 3500 calories. A 170 lbs. man needs something like 2500 calories per day if he doesn't exercise. (I think roughly 2000 for truly sedentary, 3000 for moderate activity.) That means that if you go without any food whatsoever for a month, you just barely lose 20 lbs. (And if you do this, you'll probably become so weak and lethargic that you'll start burning less than 2000/day.) There's just no reasonable way to lose 20 lbs. in 30 days without drugs, starving yourself, and/or a very strenuous exercise regime. If you ran 10 miles per day (at 125 calories/mile) you'd still only be able to eat a very meager 1200 calories per day. You'd have to run almost a marathon every day in order to afford a normal calorie intake. > I went from struggling to do an easy one hour run to running over 150km/week. I think 150km/week qualifies as pretty strenuous! I'm not saying one can't lose 20 lbs. / month, I'm saying it doesn't happen by just eating healthier, smaller meals. > you should be burning over a 100 calories per km, not mile. Well, 125 cal / mile = 78 cal / km, so we're not off by much. Certainly, there will be that much variance depending on whether you're (a) healthy but not lean or (b) fairly overweight So it's interesting that this only works because state names are being used as adjectives in the auto-completed phrases, and in English the adjective comes before the noun. That got me thinking about how auto-complete must function differently for languages where the word order is reversed. Can any HNers who routinely search in such languages give insight into how the differences affect usability? > I don't think syntax is relevant to the way most people use search in general and autocomplete in particular. I thought about this, but I wondered if it was true for most people/phrases. One is more likely to type "smart phone reviews" than "reviews phone smart". So, at the very least, autocomplete is going to be working in one direction a lot more often than the other. Yep. I saw the Everest IMax movie, and thought "Wow, that seems spectacular. Maybe if I'm able someday I'll try it." Then I read "Into Thin Air" and immediately changed my mind. Great read. I think that is precisely their mindset. For 99% users, once you move office-suite applications to the cloud, 99% of their computer use is on websites. Therefore, the operating system and "legacy" PC software should fade from view. Does anyone know why the "upscale" grocery stores in the US (e.g. Whole Foods) don't try to sell other varieties of bananas? It seems like they could charge quite a premium for the "exotic" bananas not available to the people of Walmart. > I'd pledge if I had any hugely significant sum like the others in the pledge Lives in the developing world can be saved for less than $1000/life (that is, something like $20 per disability-adjusted-life-year). You personally could save dozens--perhaps hundred--of human lives, which I consider to be hugely significant. I quoted $20 per disability-adjusted-life-year ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disability-adjusted_life_year ). That means for $1000 you could allow one child who otherwise would have died an infant to live into old age, extend the lives of 10 people by 5 years, etc. Personally, I don't trust the folks at Dropbox much more than I trust a random hacker. (No offense, of course. I just don't know them.) It's not even a matter of a security breach. Can you really be sure that one of their interns can't gain access? So I would never put anything more than mildly sensitive on Dropbox unless I could encrypt it locally at each computer I use before I sent it too them. Yes, I guess it would be somewhat better than the current situation if they encrypted it on their system using a key I sent every times I wanted a file, but I'd still be trusting them to properly destroy the key, etc. So I hadn't hear about the Pixel Qi screen. Wikipedia just says >The company [Pixel Qi] designs liquid crystal displays (LCDs) that can be manufactured using the same fabrication machinery as conventional LCDs. However the Pixel Qi displays are also able to turn off the backlight to save energy, and switch to a low-power black and white reflective mode which can function in ambient light. Is it correct to describe these as LCD's with a Kindle-style e-ink screen sandwiched on top? Am I wrong in assuming that it has two distinct modes: back-lit color (which is hard to read in bright light) and e-ink B&W (which only works in good light)? Sounds pretty great. >Actually, it can just turn the backlight off. There has to be more to it than that, right? It would be trivial to allow LCD screens to turn off the back light. Their blog (pixelqi.com) suggests that it has to do with some sort of reflective properties of their special LCD. I still don't get it. I agree that your definition of science is the proper one, but then it makes distinguishing between engineering and science very difficult, doesn't it? I would guess that the classical scientific method (observe, hypothesize, test, iterate) is actually used on an every day basis more often by engineers than most basic scientists. That said, as a physicist quite far removed from any applications, I staunchly agree with the thesis of the article: "Although a good deal is already known about those things, it certainly would not hurt to know more, but what would really move things forward would be investments in engineering." I think most people outside of a particular corner of academia don't realize how less compelling the case is for basic scientific research leading to applications than it was (say) 50 years ago. Wow, thanks, this is the answer I was looking for. So do the colors still look mostly the same in bright sunlight, or does the screen become more B&W? If you've ever worked in a kitchen, you'd know that you definitely shouldn't trust that your food isn't spit in. It doesn't happen often, but it happens. Luckily, occasionally eating some spit isn't that big of a deal, and it's something I accept as part of the the convenience of having food prepared for me. On the other hand, if you had very sensitive financial or business info on Dropbox, then the consequences are much much more akin to having your food poisoned . So then you're question becomes: why aren't I afraid of being poisoned by my take out? And the answer is that (1) nobody stands to gain from me being poisoned while they do stand to gain from stealing my financial info, and (2) the perceived seriousness of poisoning means that many more resources are put into finding and punishing people who poison (per incident) than people who steal financial data, so people are strongly discouraged from the former. > The title says stupid but the details are about slow and forgetful. Forgetful people can be quick witted and brilliant. More explicitly, the author is describing the effects of poor oxygen supply to the brain. He seems to make the mistake of thinking of the brain as a machine who's level of functioning can be well described by a single parameter (poor/stupid/malfunctioning --> good/intelligent/functioning). But that's obviously a ridiculous simplification. There's absolutely no reason to believe the effects of poor oxygen supply are comparable to being naturally unintelligent. In other words: having one of your legs amputated does not give you any insight into being short. One of my favorite CV's is that of Physics Professor Lyman Page, who researches experimental cosmology at Princeton. (I worked in his lab for a couple of summers. He earned his world-renowned reputation for working on the WMAP satellite and the ACT experiment.) In between interning for the Bartol Research Foundation at the South Pole (1978-80) and getting his PhD (1983-89), he has this entry: > Self employed February 1980 - September 1983 > Rebuilt a 37’ wooden ketch and sailed about the Caribbean and East Coast of the United States. To support myself and my boat, I worked as a painter, carpenter, rigger, and cabinet maker in various ports of call. In the nine months before graduate school, I was based in Boston. I thought the reason it made economics sense for the Air Force to use this gaming console (as opposed to any other computer) was that Sony sells PS3s at a loss in order to spur sales of PS3 games. But Sony can't be subsidizing this by more than $100/unit, which would only save the Air Force of order $1 million. How is it saving them more than 10 times that? Are PS3s really sold at such scales that they are 10 times cheaper than a non-gaming option for equivalent computing? So you're saying that the fact that the PS3 is sold at a loss has very little to do with the cheapness of this supercomputer? I still have trouble believing economically that Sony gets it's processors ten times cheaper than normal. Why couldn't the Air Force just buy the processors from whoever makes them for Sony? Yes, Sony probably has a discount from the processor manufacturer for buying in bulk, but a factor of 10 doesn't seem possible. I don't think this is a big issue if you're buying in bulk. With that many PS3's, you should have a good estimate of how many are going to fail in the lifetime of the supercomputer. I doubt the Air Force didn't buy spares already, since they don't want to rely on Sony building new PS3s. Yes. Independent of your position on the proper distribution of power between the state and federal government, having states experiment is little better than doing observational studies. There is a reason randomized experiments are the gold standard. The RAND study is famous for trying this on a pretty large scale with health insurance: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAND_Health_Insurance_Experimen... Robin Hanson has been a big proponent of resuming similar experiments: http://www.overcomingbias.com/2007/05/rand_health_ins.html http://www.overcomingbias.com/2007/05/rand_health_ins_1.html http://www.overcomingbias.com/2007/05/rand_experiment.html Worth reading even if you're of a different political persuasion. This doesn't answer my question. Even if Sony did make the chips all by themselves (which seems dubious from comments below), then they own some sort of magic capital or intellectual property which lets them produce such processors way cheaper than every other company on the planet. What is this magic thing? This doesn't answer my question. There are alternative processors out there. Unless the manufacturer of the Cell processors has some sort of magic which lets them make them 10 times cheaper than all other companies, there should be plenty of competitors which would be happy to supply a medium sized order. I believe most supercomputers simulate things, e.g. climate science, protein folding, aerodynamics, QCD, etc. There is pretty much a ceiling to processor speeds, so the special thing about supercomputers is that they put a bunch of processors in parallel. The problem of simulating large physical systems happens to be particularly amenable to parallel computing. There are parallels, but surely there's a large, morally important difference between sneaking onto a half empty train with $50 seats, and stealing $50 from someone's wallet. The use of familiar everyday terms for technical mathematical objects makes this difficult ("net", "space", "compact", etc.). Since most pages are either all about math or have nothing to do with math, I wonder if there's an easy way to tag the former pages, which would then be used as an advanced filter available when searching. ("Is this a math search?") For some deontologists, one key difference is that (they claim) you have a natural right to how your physical property is used, but you do not have a natural right to how your intellectual production is used. Rather, intellectual property is a device created by the state to foster intellectual production. One consequence is that right to your shoes never expires, but patents only last 17 years. So trains are fundamentally different, because to ride one is to use someone's property against their will, and so you violate a natural right. When you pirate music, you are only breaking laws. Although breaking the law might be considered immoral, it is for a fundamentally different reason. There are definitely more cases where people think it's acceptable to break the law, especially if there net utility to society goes up. Examples of this would be (1) parking in one of many handicap parking spaces at night when there is negligible chance that they will all be filled (2) pirating music that you would not buy if you had to pay for it (you sincerely claim!). My interpretation... krschultz: "Trains have zero marginal cost. We call them stealing. Therefore, zero marginal cost does not prevent something from being called stealing." InclinedPlane: "Trains are different from music, in that the latter never fills up. Therefore, it is possible for zero marginal cost to be a defense." You: "InclinedPlane, just imagine a train which doesn't fill up." Me: "You are right that the half-empty train and piracy are similar. This still doesn't justify calling it stealing." You: "[Snarky comment]. All I was claiming is that they are similar." ...and I agree. I wasn't saying you were wrong in your initial comment, I was saying that you were right but it doesn't complete krschultz's argument. No need to get snarky. Not every reply to your comment is an assertion that you're wrong. I feel a little uncomfortable with mysterious scores which essentially say "buy this!". Kayak.com essentially has to lie to me to artifically raise an airline's ticket in the search results (at least, lie by omission), but SeatGeek seems like they could massage the rankings easily for a fee. I don't really have a reason to trust them more than, say, Yelp!, do I? If you're right that it's a cultural thing of the investors , what keeps American VC's from going and investing in European startups? (That's an honest question.) If I go to the grocery store and the cashier takes twice as long to ring me up as normal (all the while sweating and looking like he's trying very hard) I don't count it in favor of the cashier or the store. The reason is that I know how long it's supposed to take to ring me up, and this cashier is just bad at it. On the other hand, I have very little understanding of how much time/effort is required by doctors and financial analysts, so I could easily be tricked by them. Meta: Is the scroll bar behavior in the above comment broken for anyone else? I can click and drag to scroll, but the scroll bar itself doesn't actually move until I release my mouse button. (Firefox 3.6.13 on Mac 10.4.11) Definitely good to see the other side's response, but the post immediately prompts the question: what does Parsons stand to gain if he is shutting down RunwayFinder in order to "try this case in the court of public opinion" as FlightPrep claims (rather than simply to avoid getting sued over his hobby)? Yep, you're right. It works fine for me on Safari. But that articles and ars's comment aren't about the general practice of vendors putting on a show. They are about the specific case of customers estimating value by perceived vendor's effort. I, and I think most people, factor the time it takes to check out into the price I'm willing to pay for goods. This is supported by the fact that grocery store managers will often stop whatever they are doing to open new checkout lines whenever they are getting full. This would be a good (though not airtight) argument if the person would pay the $50 if he could not sneak on. But in fact, most people who torrent gigabytes of music would not pay for it if they couldn't get it for free. In fact, piracy in this case seems to partially solve the fundamental economics problem. The marginal cost of music is zero, so if people who wouldn't pay full price aren't getting the music, then there is lost utility for society. By giving those people music for free (and, unrealistically, holding everything else constant) it's a Pareto improvement. (And I'm not trying to avoid the argument that stealing $50 from society is morally he same as stealing $50 from a single person; it pretty much is. I'm just saying that the reason that we correctly intuit that sneaking on to a train is less worse than stealing from a wallet is because of considerations like those I've described.) > Self driving cars will have begun to become common. This is, unfortunately, not true. It it were true, its (massively positive) effects would dwarf everything else mentioned in the essay. > Why do you think self-driving-cars are so far fetched? We already have some pretty good prototypes. We've had pretty good prototypes for more than 20 years. There are two huge barriers: (1) The progress in computer vision, like voice recognition, has slowed. People had pretty good speech recognition since the 1980's, but the gap between "pretty good" and "good enough to use" remains uncrossed. The gap in computer vision for cars will be even wider because mistakes will be much more costly. (2) Even with all the tech problems solved, the regulatory hurdles to implementing this are staggering. Suffice it to say, I would make a "Long Bet" (longbets.org/) against autonomous cars making up 5% of all cars in 20 years, with 10:1 odds. > Additionally, what would be those massively positive effects? Car accidents cost the US about $250 Billion per year, with 45,000 killed. Autonomous driving has the potential to decrease this by at least an order of magnitude (most accidents are due to driver error). That's a mind-bogglingly staggering benefit. 10 million Americans commute more than an hour each day, which is $25 Billion per year at minimum wage. There's much more lost among the rest of the commuters, and a factor of 4 to account for realistic wages. I could go on about how autonomous driving would also (a) drastically reduce the total number of cars we'd need, (b) cut emissions and gas usage by allowing ubiquitous slip streaming, (c) virtually eliminate the need for nearby parking in cities, freeing up vast amounts of extremely valuable real estate. But then you have to put on a whole new set of zip ties too. This still doesn't make sense to me. There's a pretty efficient market in construction and kitchen jobs. There are frictions associated with changing jobs, but they seems a lot smaller than those with most white-collar jobs. So why not look for a different kitchen to work in, or a different foreman to work for? So I guess the point of this is to reside somewhere between facebook (rigid page layout) and a personal home page (no restrictions)? The benefits over a personal page I can see are that most of the nitty gritty has been done: built-in analytics, drag-and-drop webpage design, no hosting. Anything else? Why is a redirect not the same? Is it just the split second of time it takes? (I obviously don't know anything about this stuff.) > It's a media issue Then why are all the comments about the politics? With all the great writing Aaronson puts up, does HN really need to highlight the rare political post? Exactly. If you've never read the blog of this brilliant researcher in computational complexity, the last post of his that HN should be showing you is some (justified) tongue-in-cheek political rant. Patents only last 17-20 years. Anything with a longer development timeline to profitability, which quantum computing surely has, cannot be accomplished by the private sector. Either you have to fund the research with public money, or you have to modify the patent system. Four years of full tuition at an Ivy League school is $200k, so that doesn't even explain the absurd numbers. (And at Princeton, for instance, less than half of the students pay full price.) > If being your own brand is so important than why not just get your own domain name. 99.9% of people cannot or will not deal with that trouble. I understand that the people involved with advocacy organizations like the FSF, ACLU, and NRA are going to be unusually passionate about the respective issues. But articles like this make me hesitant to support the organization. Paraphrased: "This individual/company/group is the root of all evil and is against every thing this organization fights for. You should boycott everything they do and cover your personal space with warnings about them. Tell all your friends." Rather than doing this, I wish advocacy organizations like the FSF would take (and project) a measured response. ("Facebook in useful to a huge number of people, but we are very concerned that they are using their market clout to seriously infringe on the privacy of their users. To improve, Facebook should...") Definitely, but I also think that one of their most important roles is policy advocacy. Most voters aren't technologically educated, so there are few lobbying counterweights to the tech industry, which will naturally lead to entrenchment of the industry incumbents at the expense of privacy and freedom. Also, for those of us on netbooks, the bottom 1/4 of each "page" is cut off. My cell phone service has never failed in my home. Context: http://xkcd.com/327/ I assume this is because it's too slow for normal undoing? The obvious answer is to make the undo interface a bit more sophisticated, such as having an option in the edit menu to control the size of the undo "steps". Yea, I really don't see what the risk is here if the author has the expectation that only he/she will be able to access the version history (unless, of course, the work is so good that academics want to study it). Mathematica desperately needs this. I lost about a day's worth of work once (although I was able to replicate it in a couple of painful hours) and I was flabbergasted to read that Mathematica has no automatic backup by default whatsoever. Further, the backing up system is horrendous if enabled. My point is that many people would hold home phone service to a higher level of reliability than the ability to browse lol cats on 3G. The only reason I ditched my landline is because cell phone service is so darn reliable where I live. If Skype wants to replace landlines, it's not unreasonable for people to hold them to that standard. If so, that puts the FSF on the fringe and their support will be mostly limited to to the privacy/security-obsessed nerds. I don't agree with the Cato article either, but this just sounds hopelessly naive: "There is an obvious and simple solution to [players with a special interest to try to game the system] - transparency and openness in decision making." Couldn't your argument be applied anytime someone objected to the unnecessary intrusion of government regulation? "Oh, we'll just have the government make decisions in an transparent and open way. Problem solved." This is still a distinctly minority view among moral philosophers. I believe (I can't find the survey at the moment) that most think the is-ought gap is fundamental. Maybe you can educate me here. Once you've crossed the relativist bridge, doesn't the study of morality just become anthropology, not philosophy? Reference group: humanity. The murder rate in industrialized countries is much too low to have a significant effect on life expectancy. The vast majority of people die of disease or accident. 15k people were murdered of 300m in the US in 2009. That's 0.005% of people per year, meaning roughly 0.3% of people die from murder. This wasn't a bet with long odds. It was 50:50. Is there a text version of this? >Despite what the article says, if you're using floating point numbers you're already using sloppy arithmetic. That's not just a sarcastic point, it's actually important; given that you're already not being precise it isn't necessarily surprising that you can trade away even more precision for speed, rather than it being some sort of binary yea/nay proposition that cracks numeric algorithms wide open. So it appears in this case that they are doing what you guess: low-precision, high-dynamic-range calculations using normal computing hardware. But it's not at all clear that errors introduced by floating-point calculations (which are rounding errors, not physical errors) are equivalent--from an engineering perspective--to hardware which accepts physical errors in exchange for performance boosts. It's conceivable that future computing technology will yield dramatic speed advantages on error-prone hardware in a way that no numerical tricks on error-free hardware could duplicate. I understand that an analog computer can be simulated by a digital computer and vice versa, given enough error correction. That doesn't mean that the speed-up scaling will be the same. This isn't something that can be answered purely mathematically (with a Turing machine argument); it depends on the specific physics and engineering realities. The trade-off between precision and error rate is determined by math, but the trade-off between error rate and speed is determined by physics. > I'm mainly talking morally and ethically I think there's a huge moral difference between your right to your shoes and your right to some idea. Here are some things that make it hard to believe IP is a good fundamental right (in the sense of Locke): * Bob and Joe on opposite sides of the world have no problem with each owning a pair of shoes. But if Bob invents a device on Tuesday, and Joe independently invents in on Wednesday, why should Bob get everything and Joe nothing? Yes, from a practical standpoint it's necessary to give patents solely to the first-mover; otherwise people would pretend to invent existing things. But why should time-of-invention matter morally ...at all ? * Should Shakespeare's heirs (or, more realistically, a copyright-holding corporation) really be able to dictate how his plays are used today? And forever? If not, what moral principle would we use to choose a time limit? * Why, if IP is a moral right, are mathematical theorems not ownable? * It's not to hard to distinguish things which are physically ownable, but where does one draw the line with IP? How detailed must my graphic design be for it to be mine forever ? Can I own all green squares, or only green squares inside of blue hexagons? Legally, the threshold for copyright is set to try to maximize societal benefit. But if copyrights are moral rights existing independent of any legal framework, on what moral principle could one decide what's copyright-able? I agree with klochner. The most efficient legal systems have always been combination of strict rules at large scales, which are replaced by social norms on personal scales and family values on familial scales. It would be great if there were a tweak that fixed this problem without breaking anything, but I'm not surprised or uncomfortable with the fact that common sense needs to play a role. I think it's clear that there's a sweet spot that's not at either extreme. There's naturally going to be discussion about where exactly it lies. Thanks for that link. In case anyone else is interested, here are his "official guidelines": 1. Having one “perfect” form of a question that contains every possible answer to every slight variation of that question is a myth at best and actively harmful at worst. 2. Having dozens and dozens of variations of the same question is clearly bad. 3. What we want is on the order of 4 or 5 similar-but-not-quite-the-same duplicates to cover all possible search terms and common permutations of the question. It is also OK for these duplicates to have their own answers so people who find them don’t have to click yet again to get to a good answer. Well, those seem to be econ/math arguments which assume a utilitarian(-like) moral philosophy. I was trying to convince citricsquid with a philosophical argument that IP is probably not a good fundamental right, whether or not you're a utilitarian. >Sometime mid-summer I stopped by a barber and before I'd realized it he'd squirted a glob of shampoo onto my head. It was too late to protest, so I just sat through the scrubbing. For the following 2 weeks my hair was a mess: full of dandruff and totally uncontrollable. I find this hard to believe. My money's on confirmation bias. I agree that the empty space in the western US distorts the population density, so just claiming sparse densities doesn't answer the question well. But isn't it obvious that there is are far fewer regional services in the US because Americans travel within the US more the Europeans travel within Europe? Lots more of the smartphone-carrying population travels from New York to California than from Spain to Poland. Honestly, do you have any ideas about what causes these high prices other than density? The competition among the providers is pretty healthy, as far as I can tell. > ...is like thinking that an endless succession of awful movies from Hollywood reveals that people secretly want a poorly scripted sequel to the last blockbuster. What it reveals is that making good movies is difficult. I can't see how this squares with box office returns. There are many bad sequels each year, a few great movies (as defined by critics or whichever elite), and lots in between. And the bad sequels tend to make orders of magnitude more money because way, way more people want to see them. Further, from movie studio's cost perspective, isn't it easier to produce a good movie? For the cost of a single vapid summer blockbuster, they could hire several dozen acclaimed directors to each make their own dream film. But they don't do this because those films would not be nearly as good as an investment. I think it would be more accurate to say they are rarely horrible . But what does that prove? The highest selling cars rarely have less than 100hp, but that doesn't mean the public really wants to buy the car with the most power yet, by mistake, keeps buying reliable cars with high resale value. Even if it were difficult to make a good movie (which I dispute, more or less), that doesn't explain why once the good movie is made the public would still avoid it in favor of "Clash of the Titans". The reviews are widely available. How exactly should we determine what the public really wants than by what they go out and purchase? I just don't get what you and Eliezer are arguing from. Are you disagreeing with my claim that the public doesn't want good movies, or that making good movies (though maybe not great movies) isn't that hard? If the former, why would we need the opinion of a single screenwriter, when we can just look at what the public chooses to watch? If the latter, I was claiming that it's easy for the movie studios to come up with a few good movies (just hire directors with good track records to make many movies for the price of a single big-budget shoot-em-up; statistically, you should get a decent film), not that it's easy on any given set to make a single good movie. I'm happy I'm currently in the middle of my PhD, but this article makes a bunch of errors. It generally strikes me as the naive impression that undergrad have of grad school until they spend some time talking to post-doc and professors. I'll just identify a couple of obvious ones. 1. "We all read the PhD Comics and we all hear about how many hours of coursework or admin-duties a typical US grad student has. I don’t know how does it look like in other countries, but in Norway, Denmark, Holland and Belgium this is definitely not the case. " The Economist article doesn't say anything about there being too much non-research work. It says there are very long hours, and part of it is non-research. The OP has simply misinterpreted the Economist article. I don't know any grad students in the US who spend more than 25% time on teaching, and the OP lists this maximum as some sort of great aspect of the Nordic system. 2. "Apart from all that, a little bit of teaching looks good in your CV, especially if you want to apply for post-doc or other academic positions after finishing a PhD." For most grad students, than this is just plain wrong. No one cares how good of a teacher you are ( especially not for post-doc positions) unless your end goal is a teaching position at a small liberal arts college. But most most grad student's end goals are either research positions or industry. > I don't know where you're getting 2 from. I'm in my 4th year of grad school, and I tend to pick the brains of professors and post-docs a lot. I have never once heard them (a) recommend that I get more TA experience than is strictly required ("get on a fellowship or a grant as fast as you can so you can completely absorb yourself in research"), or (b) mention that a professor was granted/denied tenure for anything besides research. Don't get me wrong, departments pay a lot of lip service to this stuff. And yes, at many places the professors have to write a (brief) essay explaining how incredible they are at inspiring young students. But as a determining factor in advancement at research universities, my strong impression is that it's practically insignificant. You'll probably think that Sean Carroll speaks with more authority than me, though. Here is how he puts it: "When was the last time Harvard made a senior tenure offer to someone because they were a world-class educator, rather than a world-class researcher? Not only is the answer 'never,' the question itself is somewhat laughable." http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/cosmicvariance/2008/05/29/... There seems to be a confusion with diversity in academic persuits (math/science vs. humanities/arts) and non-academic diversity (racial, socioeconomic, athletic). It so happens that CalTech values neither type of diversity in admissions (focusing on math/science academic merit, and nothing else). But the author is really only arguing that the non-academic diversity is rightfully ignored. I agree with you that it's a strength of Carnegie Mellon (weakness of CalTech) that it has excellence in a broad (narrow) range of academic subjects. But that's not an argument against the author's thesis: the pursuit of non-academic diversity has a major negative impact on the academic quality of most major research universities in the US. (Disclosure: I'm a white Princeton Alum who played one of the varsity sports which were not considered in admissions, so I took a bit of umbrage at those athletes who got a boost at the admissions office. Not that I'm a petty person or anything....) The author clearly has an axe to grind. I suggest just skipping the introductory paragraph and concentrating on the main claim: the pursuit of non-academic diversity has a major negative impact on the academic quality of most major research universities in the US, but CalTech is rare in resisting this. > The article is biased and full of negative stereotypes and a thinly veiled attack at ... dare I say, racial, ethnic and sexual minorities themselves. Could you give an example of how this author could have criticized the practice of affirmative action without attacking racial, ethnic and sexual minorities themselves? I agree that the author clearly has an axe to grind, but I see nothing in the text which attacks a minority. Honestly, it seems like you're accusing him of racism based only off the fact that he opposes affirmative action. ADDED: >SAT scores or grades are hardly any measure of the 'smartness' of academic credibility of the student. For example, as a commenter above pointed out, in computer science, a person who has average grades but more research work and open source experience is probably more motivated to learn than a student with just good grades. The author uses SAT scores because they are the best objective measure we have of academic quality. Most other measures (GPA, high school research experience) are going to be strongly effected by where the student is from. Nowhere does the author suggest that research experience shouldn't be considered. And, in fact, using this measure would benefit the rich, white, and privileged students, as they are much more likely to have such research opportunities than poor minorities. >Secondly, the data[1] proves even that though minority students who make it with affirmative action might graduate with average of below average scores but perform as well as their colleagues in their professional life. The data as you describe only confirms that well-known fact that top-tier schools add negligible value to the professional prospect of its students. That is, after controlling for SATs, familiy income, etc., future success doesn't depend on what school you attend. (I can pull the study if you want.) That data says nothing about the how lower admission standards for minorities impact the schools academics. And, as you say, their grades are weak both in high school and college. >Thirdly, contrary to what the author might want us to believe, the politically charged atmosphere in the Universities during the 70s was good for the society. This isn't the main thesis of the article; the author is just giving you his perspective on where the situation originated. >Why should a student who is obsessed with and excels at track-and-field be penalized for his obsession? No one is suggesting that athlete's be penalized . The author is arguing that they shouldn't receive the (massive) boost in admissions. This is just semantics. Affirmative action, in this context, means favoring certain minorities in the admissions process. The OP is focusing on the very-top-tier research Universities in the US. Most of these are private and much smaller than the large public schools which dominate NCAA championships. For example, Princeton has only 4,500 undergrad so, as the author points out, athletes favored in admission make up an suprising large fraction of the class. Likewise, legacy admissions has a big impact on the quality of Princeton admits, but probably not as much at the University of Oregon. None of the quotes you list suggest that the author is attacking any minorities, only that he is criticizing these programs. I'm not saying the author isn't an angry person, I'm just taking issue with you saying he is attacking minorities. Incidentally, I decided to add to my original comment and address your other points. I'd love it if you had the time to respond. If you prefer, I can move those points to a separate reply. OK. In my comment, I was just trying to keep the discussion focused on non-academic diversity. I agree with what you say to a certain extent; I'm willing to consider other factors in admissions besides academic excellence. But I find it hard to believe that the quality of academics isn't negatively impacted to an unacceptable degree when a sizable fraction of the class (the OP claims > 10%) has much poorer scores (the OP claims roughly one standard deviation). Also: Gauchos >> Banana Slugs Then you can pull the money from Berkeley, I guess. Other than that, the large majority of the very-top-tier schools are private. Yes, they receive public money for research, but the undergraduate "experience" is funded by tuition, endowment, and donations. Still, I agree. This seems like a fantastically inefficient way to meet people with different backgrounds. Yes, there are some impatient people who unreasonably ask books to painlessly teach them complicated material. But there is also a problem that most technical books really are poorly written, and the reason for this is simple: for the people who are most qualified to teach material, there are usually terrible incentives for them to invest the enormous effort it takes to write books. For instance, in Academia, there is pretty much a penalty associated with top professors writing books. Writing a good technical book takes of order a year, and one year not publishing papers is easily enough to prevent someone from getting tenure. Tenure committees give negligible weight to producing good texts, and the royalties from upper-level books is insignificant, so why would a professor bother? This won't change unless the incentives are changed. This is a reasonable suggestion, but I disagree for three reasons: 1. It's a common misconception that professors work very hard for tenure and then, once they get it, are free to do whatever they want. (In other words, that there is some "threshold".) Instead, the system is set up to keep professors on a treadmill until they are very old through grant "carrots". Yes, it's possible once you secure tenure to just hang out and think deep thoughts, but this leads to salary stagnation or even regression. Instead, most professor continually chase money by cranking out research. Taking time off to write books means significantly less salary, (which is not nearly made up for by book royalties). (This is my impression as a physics grad student. Other department might be a bit different.) 2. I claim that the hardest part about writing books is distinguishing what's obvious from what's not for the student . Once you've been using the material for years, it's very difficult to remember all the tiny mental leaps that are required to get from point A to point B. Yes, you need a mastery of the material to write a book, but sufficient mastery for textbook writing comes with only a few years of research experience (as opposed to, say, review papers which require extra experience because they are more-cutting-edge/less-canonical). 3. Even if tenured professors didn't have a penalty for writing textbooks and they were the most qualified (in contradiction to my first two claims) there needs to be some serious incentive for them to get off their ass and write a whole book. Those incentives doesn't exist right now. A lack of penalty isn't enough. > It took the PC industry only a decade or so to start offering crapware free computers - first at $50 premium and now free as an option. What PC manufacturers do this? I can't think of a single mainstream one, though maybe I'm just uninformed. The reason small PC manufacturers can do this is because there's simply more of them, since the barriers to entry are much smaller than setting up a wireless network. Interesting. From the looks of a little searching, it was unusually for them. well....no matter how large T is, you'll still won't be guaranteed to get Hamlet, so long as T is finite. >If production was moved from China back to the U.S., they figure that Apple could still get an acceptable profit even though labor costs incurred in the manufacturing process would be significantly higher, while contributing to U.S. jobs and exports: You mean if production was moved from China back to the U.S. through government intervention ? Then there would still be an "acceptable", as determined by the government , profit? I don't mind editorials, but I'd wish they would make their politics explicit rather than hiding behind the allure of objective reporting. Group-selection explanations are rarely correct. That argument would be plausible if Amazon was patenting a particular logistical implementation of 1-click purchase. ("This is a specific device which allows canceled orders to be tracked and routed back to inventory...") But they patented the entire concept, which would prevent even companies with trivial logistics from allowing 1-click purchasing without paying Amazon royalties. And indeed, according to Tim O'Reilly, Bezos defended the broad patenting of all types of 1-click purchasing. Here is an excerpt of O'Reilly's description of their conversation: > First off, Jeff wanted to explain why he thought 1-click was original enough to patent. It has nothing to do with the implementation, which he admits is fairly trivial to duplicate, but with the reframing of the problem. At the time he came up with 1-click shopping, everyone was locked in to the shopping cart metaphor, because that's what you do in the real world. You pick up an item and take it to the counter to buy it. On the Web, he realized, something very different was possible: all you had to do was point to an article, and it was yours... >What's more, Jeff went on, small inventions can often seem extremely obvious in retrospect. The patent literature is full of this kind of thing. The significance of an invention isn't how hard it is to copy, but how it reframes the problem in a new way. > This may be true, I replied. But it is hard to believe that if Amazon hadn't introduced 1-click ordering (if they were indeed first to do it), that someone else wouldn't have done this. It beggars the imagination that this is so significant and unexpected an innovation that others should be prevented from using it. Patents are meant to promote the common welfare, the idea being that certain ideas won't be developed without government providing a degree of protection. Is this an idea that required that kind of protection to be developed? http://oreilly.com/pub/a/oreilly/ask_tim/2000/bezos_0300.htm... Most of the comments here seem to be of the form "Well, maybe Stuxnet isn't that elegant, but it got the job done and that's what matters", but is it really that bad of software? All the technical people I've heard discuss the software in person gush over how advanced and clever it is. Can anyone point me toward a more technical discussion of Stuxnet which could confirm/dispute the OP's view? So...anecdotal evidence that the ads run by the OP and his friends aren't good on Facebook. I guess that's better than nothing for a company which isn't publicly listed, but my estimation of Facebook's value didn't change much based on this data. If the NYT puts their logo on it, they have to take complete responsibility for its contents like they would an article written by in-house staff. Are those percentages of users? How about market share of revenue? Mac, Firefox, US: not working. >...Apple has a clear business interest in making it less easy for random people to enter that market. I can see why Apple wants to do it, but wouldn't we think it wrong for Ford to seal their engine compartment with a security key that only Ford dealerships could open, preventing competing mechanics? Yes, in a frictionless economy consumers would factor this in to their purchase and not buy from Ford. But in the real world, this is a pretty easily correctable market failure (which can be traced back to the small number of competitors) which governments usually limit through competition laws. I have no beef particular with Apple (or Ford). I think he means that Google can either ban or not ban Groupon from AdWords. If the latter, than #2 becomes possible. I think I saw a very interesting economic analysis behind what Groupon does posted here on HN awhile back. These type of offers supposedly solve certain coordination problems, but I can't remember who captured most of the surplus: the public, businesses, or both. Anyone have a link? > It's been up-voted more, however. Exactly. The headline "Surprising Event Happens" is bound to draw more discussion than it's mere overturning.... unless the discussion becomes about the meta issue of journalism. Why would business success translate into literary skill? I'm work in the hard sciences, and those sentences sounds fine to me :) Ugh...I'm going to leave that ambiguous. Well, obviously we want some copy (hopefully, the best copy) of the file to be available at its original name without having to use a Dropbox client or visit the Dropbox website. So I guess what you're looking for is an additional interface (website or client) which would allow easy choosing or even diffing following a conflict? I'd certainly support that, as I've had to diff myself in the past. > In placing the close button on the right, Google have assumed that in the majority of cases, users are going to be wanting to close the most recently opened tabs first (likely to be the ones to the far right of the tab group) and have accordingly placed the close button on the right. Really? Doesn't it make more sense that Chrome is primarily a Windows/Linux program where the close-window buttons are at the top-right, and Safari is primarily Mac where the buttons are at the top-left. Why? My theory is just that browsers are developed primarily for English, and that both Safari and Chrome put the close-tab buttons on the same side as the close-windows buttons for their respective primary operating system. Chrome in Arabic was developed as an afterthought, and it was just easier to flip the whole UI around. I was hoping Slashdot was going to reduce the huge amount of padding around each comment, but no luck. For instance, on my screen right now I can fit 13 comments on HN or reddit but no more than 5 on slashdot. This makes it much harder to navigate comment threads, connect replies with comments, etc. I'm I the only one who thinks this is easily the worst part of Slashdot? It's reminiscent of a bad forum where each 3-word quip comes with an avatar, a custom border, and a 5-line signature. Putting aside the question of the legal requirements (which can necessarily only approximate the ethical requirements), isn't it reasonable to just say that he should be hired if and only if the hiring committee thinks his beliefs will not unacceptably interfere with his job (including, for instance, the possibility that he is a "fraud")? Dawkins trots out all these extreme cases where we would be very worried in order about job performance to argue that religious beliefs should be fair game, but doesn't convince me at all that "if a young earth creationist is 'breathtakingly above the other candidates', then the other candidates must be so bad that we should re-advertise and start afresh." Rather, it just advertises a naivete about how flawed we humans are. If we rejected every candidate who has some self-contradictory beliefs because we take it "as a revealing indicator that there is something wrong with his head", we wouldn't be able to fill any jobs. Anyone who thinks they have reached some sort of platonic ideal of rationality---and that those who haven't should be ignored---is deluding themself, whether or not they may be more consistent. Agreed. Wouldn't it be nice if there was an Economist-"briefing"-style overview on dozens/hundreds of topics instantly available on the kindle? Like something between the Wikipedia article and a book? Or "student". Well, my grandmother can operate a wireless home phone, so the pick-up and hang-up are OK. And she can probably just ignore the switches on the side. So the only hurdle for her would be to remember to charge it. Maybe we could get her to drop it in her keychain bowl when she comes home, and outfit it with one of the charging pads. Still doesn't explain why I can't get a phone which is 4mm thick. I don't disagree except with this: > But if you've ever been in the situation, or seen it up close, you know it's not at all what it looks like. I've personally known a guy on unemployment for over a year, able-bodied with a college degree. He snowboarded 5 days a week, but admitted that when his unemployment ran out he was probably going to have to start looking for a job. It really was "party time" for him, though I don't claim he was the norm. I'm just giving this anecdotal evidence to say that if we want to discuss the usefulness of long-term unemployment benefits, we're going to need hard data. Your descriptions of what unemployment is really like aren't any more convincing evidence than the OP's. I think idleness, xbox, unhappiness, and suicide are all compatible (in fact, reinforcing). In other words, I don't think the friend I mentioned was particularly happy. Unless I'm grossly misinterpreting, you are constructing quite the straw man of the argument against long-term unemployment benefits. People who are skeptical aren't bothered because they think the unemployed are "too happy", they're bothered by the fact that the unemployed will have no direct incentive to find work. In fact, even the OP (who's post I think is stupid ) doesn't characterize the unemployed as happy. It's the "soon end" part that's important. I'm not arguing against all unemployment benefits, I'm describing the argument against long-term benefits. My friend was living off solely unemployment benefits for over a year. This major is undoubtedly related to the Future of Humanity Institute at Oxford. The academics associated with it take a very technical perspective, so I think you'd be satisfied. I believe Nick Bostrom is the main guy behind the FHI. No he was not. He was living in a house with his own room and one or two other roommates. From page 7 of this http://www.edd.ca.gov/pdf_pub_ctr/de1275a.pdf I believe that if you make $47k or more in the year leading up to your unemployment (technically, if you made more than $11.6k in the highest quarter of that year), your benefits are $450/week or $1900/month or $23,464/year. Raising a family of 4 on that would be challenging, but it's easily enough to live carefree in Santa Barbara, CA (where I lived, with one of the highest housing prices in the US) as a 26 year-old bachelor while paying $500 for a skiing season pass and several hundred dollars per year in mountain biking repair costs. (Both he and I were avid mountain bikers; trails are usually free, but the repairs weren't.) I took home $1600/month as a grad student while saving money and frequenting cheap bars, so I know this is very easily lived on. Of Course, I didn't have quite as much free time for boarding and biking as he did. Could you let me know if I'm thinking about this correctly? My understanding is that... 1. Most battery technologies use hydrogen as the fundamental energy storer. The low energy state is Xx H_N, where Xx is some vehicle molecule, and the high energy state is Xx H_( N-n ) + n H. Energy is stored in the battery by converting from the former to the latter, and it is released by doing the opposite. 2. One of the primary challenges of making a feasible battery is that the n hydrogen molecules form into hydrogen gas, which is bulky. To fit the hydrogen into a reasonable volume, it must be either compressed to very high temperature, cooled to very low temperature, or attached to a carrier molecule. 3. This technology seeks to solve the problem by putting the hydrogen in molecules of ammonia borane, H_3 N B H_3. Is any of that right? What is the purpose of the plastic encapsulation? Exactly. The OP's point is that it's hard to get over the initial rep hurdle so that you can participate. This prompts the idea: is there some sort of way that new users could quickly and reliably gain a minimum amount of rep by doing a bit of maintenance on the site? Say, flagging spam or suggesting correction which must be approved by someone with lots of rep? If this is possible, why don't more people know about it. EDIT: joeld42 answered my question elsewhere on this page: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2166782 The artists reds and blues are just approximations to the magenta and cyan of printers. ---- So I understand that in order to mimic the electromagnetic stimulation to the cones you only need to control the amount of RGB light hitting the retina. And I understand that propagating light is additive, so that for light producing displays you mix amounts of RGB, whereas pigments subtract light, so that for printing you mix amounts of CMY. (C paint absorbs non-R light, M paint absorbs non-G light, and Y paint absorbs non-B light.) I further (kind of) understand that once printing and CRT screens are explained, there are additional properties of light due to the filters described in the article. But can someone explain why the artist's paints are different from the CMY ink pigments? It seems like it's either (a) something weird about the way paints mix, (b) artists use paints which somehow take advantage of the filters in the eye, or (c) a combination. yes I did I don't want to get into a detailed argument here, but there are popular, consistent moral philosophies which hold that (1) physical property rights exist a priori to the state (Locke-style) and so are immoral to violate at all times, and (2) intellectual property rights are a social construction which only have moral import when defined by a legal framework and enforced by a reasonably just government. In other words, many philosophers do draw a morally relevant distinction between these categories of rights. Seeing as that the potential punishment is just a strongly-worded letter, I don't think anything will be going to court. I've seen that link and I had no idea it was an auto-login. Your second paragraph is true, but the first paragraph only applies to physical property and, trivially, to legally protected intellectual property. ("Trivially" because in the case of intellectual property, the only value is in the legal protection itself, whereas for physical property it's possible to illegally transfer stolen goods even though the new possessor will not have a legal claim to them.) However, private-eye type intelligence has no legal protection as property as far as I know. It is only "sold" in the sense that the person who has it reveals the info in exchange for compensation. Only if the buyer intended to publish the report, in which case it would be the protected intellectual property I mentioned. But if the report were leaked before the private-eye was able to sell it, there is nothing he could do legally to prevent the potential buyer from acting on that information (which is usually why people hire detectives). In particular, the FBI would legally be able to investigate and prosecute people using HBGary's info without paying HBGary. Professional courtesy and/or conflicts of interest might prompt them to pay for it anyway, of course. Could you explain "Don’t own too many funds"? Is that just because of fixed per-fund costs? What saving account rates have you been able to find lately? My bank in CA offered a checking account with 5% interest back in 2007, and it's only down now to 3.5%. Most people I talk to say these are very high rates. Can I do better? Whoops, since I've last checked they dropped the rate to 3%. It does come with minor strings attached. You only get the high interest up to 15k, you have to use the debit card attached to the checking account 10 times per month (which is simple for me) and you have to get your statement electronically, not by mail. http://www.communitywestbank.com/personal/checking/GreatRate... Community West "Great Rates" checking. http://www.communitywestbank.com/personal/checking/GreatRate... Since I last checked they have dropped the rates to 3%. Nothing wrong with the idea per se. But, as usual, no explanation for how the incentives and cultural changes needed to induce people would be implemented. Sorry, but no one is going to reward a grad student, career-wise, for rewriting other scientist's papers and catching bugs. Heck, the only reason scientists proofread their stuff at all is to avoid embarrassment. If there were an army of students eager to fix your mistakes, scientists would be even less careful. To elaborate on what nocipher said: The problem is not that people are getting their names on projects to which they didn't contribute much[1]. The problem is that hiring committees only care about new scientific works you are producing and not about other ways to contribute to science such as fixing typos, pedagogy, etc. If you want to incentivize such work, you either need to change the criteria upon which universities hire (unlikely) or give supplementary rewards such as cash prizes (possible). [1] Yes, there are times when it is hard to tell who contributed what to a scientific work. And sometimes people get too much/little credit. But this isn't a massive issue, nor is it something that can be fixed by adopting an OSS culture. Software is often much more modular than science is, so it is often possible to put individual names on commits. But at those times when software is more like science--such as when several smart people are sitting around designing over-arching ideas/structure/strategy for a large project--then software faces a similar difficulty in teasing out individual contribution. Well, that project could be wikipedia if the community so decided. They would just need to seriously loosen/eliminate the notability criterion. I dunno. I was under the impression that New Coke was an unmitigated disaster. Coca-Cola Classic (then just "Coca-Cola") was already the dominant soda when it was introduced, and I don't think they picked up any market share in the months/years after the introduction of New Coke. But they did spend a ton of advertising money on the new soda which failed spectacularly. Snopes thinks New Coke was beneficial to Coke, though purely accidentally: http://www.snopes.com/cokelore/newcoke.asp I am concerned that this will give large companies with experience filing patents a big advantage over small businesses and independent inventors, but naively this seems like it suppresses patent trolling. Right now, if A invents an idea before B, A can wait until B files the patent, develops a product, and then A can file. Since A invented before, he trumps B's patent, and now can extort money from B (since B has invested in product development which is dependent on the patent). In a first-to-file scheme, patent-holders can be confident that their intellectual property won't be taken. Typo in article: There is, of course, still a potential gradient. As the abstract notes, the important thing is that there is no equilibrium point , i.e. no place where the gradient is zero. The object can be pulled all the way back to the source. When trying to find out how an object is going to interact with the electromagnetic field, it's generally useful to decompose the charge distributed on the object into "multipole modes". It turns out that any arbitrary distribution of charges can be expressed as a sum of such multipoles, and the interaction of each multipole with the E&M field can be solved even though the object itself may be too complicated. Usually, only the first few multipoles are important, which allows efficient computation of the objects behavior by summing up the contribution of the first few multipoles. The first multipole ("monopole") is just the net charge of the object. The second multipole ("dipole") is the degree to which the object has positive charge distributed toward one side and negative charge toward another. A single isolated point charge is a perfect monopole, with zero higher-order multipole components. An object composed of two opposite charges of equal magnitude, separated by a distance, is a perfect dipole, with zero monopole and higher-order multipole components. And so on. Apparently, the point is that objects which are electromagnetically simple (such as a single point charge) cannot be pulled by a tractor beam. Instead, the object must be complicated such that it has several large multipole components which interact in the right ways to produce a net pull. Not trying to be harsh, but you apparently haven't been taught this key idea about statistical significance: degree of confidence depends only on the size of the sample and the sample selection mechanism, not the size of the total population. This is a really unintuitive idea. The dependence is something like confidence = (signal/noise)*sqrt(sample size) (One caveat: if your population is very small, you may be able to get away with a smaller sample size if you are sampling without replacement. In other words, to make statements about a group of 10 people at any desired level of confidence, you never need to sample more than 10 people. This caveat is definitely ignorable for groups like "the number of families with $10 million.) I couldn't find a great intro link, but you might find something useful here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statistical_hypothesis_testing Looks like we just replied to nostrademons at the same time, but we slightly disagree. You say that the dependence on population size is slow (sqrt) but I say there is no dependence for most cases. Are you sure you aren't confusing the dependence of confidence on sample size as opposed to population size? See, e.g., http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statistical_significance#Signal... I could be making a mistake somewhere. Whoops, looks like I was confused about the terminology. Thanks. In case anyone else reads this: according to the wikipedia article, the term "intensity" in "intensity gradient"--in this context--is just the strength of electric (and magnetic) field associated with the laser. The electric field, in turn, is the gradient of the electric potential [1]. Point charges will follow the potential gradient, but neutral dieletric objects (which I think is what optical tweezers are usually used on, and which usually can be modeled as dipoles) will follow the intensity gradient. Simple dipoles can be pulled with optical tweezers, but limits on laser power mean that the distance between intensity extrema (and so the maximum distance things can be pulled) is relatively short. The hypothetical tractor beam only works on objects more electrically complicated than dipoles, but doesn't rely on following an intensity gradient and can pull all the way back to the source. [1] This may not be quite applicable here because of the ambiguities in defining a potential for non-static electric fields like those of lasers. Well, the OP's headline is about phone models and your rank is about operating systems . Is still don't know what phone model is #1 in the world. Oh, I totally agree. I was just looking to make a point about statistical significance because I'm an annoying nerd. The reason TeX is still used is because it is open source and beautiful, because it is the best at handling mathematical notation, and because of its inertial dominance in math and the hard sciences in Academia. The reason TeX has so, so many fixable problems after 30 years is because there is no financial incentive for anyone to fix it. The answer is not to find a TeX alternative. This will not be possible in Academia for a very long time. The answer is for someone to plunk down a million dollars to hire some full-time developers to fix it. Honestly, the TeX language is wonderful; it's the editors which are terrible. A TeX editor should... [] seamlessly hide the compilation process [] feature a modern debugging environment [] make 99% of commands (including everything you can do in MS Word) discoverable within the editor, rather than sending the user to the internet or some pdf guide, and [] robustly handle all modern image types ... without becoming an unstable WYSIWYG hybrid like LyX. The only thing about the language itself that might need to be changed is some standardization of common packages. I shouldn't need to download anything to get appendices and sub-figures to behave sensibly. The amount of professor, post-doc, and grad student time wasted on TeX is staggering , and easily justifies paying for an overhaul...if only the government or some benefactor would step up. I'm glad you like LyX, and I encourage other people who haven't found a TeX editor they like to try it out. Personally, I don't want my editor to do anything with my source code except color code it, like turning the source code into into manipulable objects (or whatever you call that). > There are several editors for Tex&co that do on-the-fly compilation... Yes, I have two-panelled TeXworks open as we type. It's not seamless because I had to spend an hour fussing with it to set it up with my LaTeX distribution, and another 2 hours dealing with it when I needed to move from pdflatex to regular latex because the journal I was submitting to used some bizarre packages. It's not that you can't eventually get it working, it's that you ever have to think about it at all . >Well, this is a problem with the language: macro expansion is notoriously tricky to debug. I'd like to see work done on a static analyser for Tex. Fine. When I said that the language was fine, I meant that the language as a means for the user expressing an idea was fine, not that there aren't problems at a deeper level with the language. I'm a physicists, not a programmer. Still, I can't imagine the debugging situation can't be greatly improved with the given language if actual people were employed to fix it. >This is not a problem I have ever had. What are you thinking of? The only file types needing special handling in Luatex are Postscript and SVG; both convert painlessly to PDF, and the converter can be run automatically by Luatex. I have had many, many headaches with getting images into a document. Last month, I spent 4 hours trying to solve one particular problem. Yes, maybe if I were deeply familiar with all the technical stuff surrounding TeX's relationship with images, I could have figured it out. It should just work. I should type \includeimage{filename}, and it should just work. >I would disagree that the base is wonderful and it's the editors that are bad OK. (As I said elsewhere...) When I said the language was fine, I meant that the language as a means for the user expressing an idea was fine, not that there aren't problems at a deeper level with the language. I'm a physicists, not a programmer. Nevertheless, the limitations of the given language could be massively ameliorated with a powerful editor. >At least in LaTeX... Sorry, I wasn't clear. I wasn't distinguishing between TeX and LaTeX. Everyone I know in Academia used LaTeX. I was just using TeX as a catch all to distinguish from other typesetting options. > The features you mention would be needed to put it in front of less geeky users... There's no reason I should have to go on the internet to find out how to use columns. Or sub figures. Or appendices. It should just work. I'm not a less-geeky user who needs to be coddled (unless by "less geeky" you mean 99.99% of users). I just want to write up my research, and I don't want to have to think about typesetting theory. Their written description notwithstanding, LyX is a hybrid between WYM and WYG. It bundles up standard blocks of source code and hides it behind graphical objects which resemble the final product. I believe that description is aimed at former MS Word users who don't even know the WYM/G distinction exists, not as a definitive membership claim by LyX. I guess we're disagreeing about what's essential. At this point, I prize robustness more than power. I'd be pretty happy if LaTeX would just work smoothly. Additional capabilities would be gravy. This ignores the difference in technical competence of consumers versus Apache users. If some vendor makes a crappy tablet that runs Android, users will associate that crappiness with the Android trademark because they are unable to tell whose fault it is. There is no similar risk of the Apache trademark being tarnished because some guy sets up a crappy webserver with it. Investments in research which have a time to profitability longer than 20 years, which is the length of the patent term in the US and most of the world, cannot be supplied by for-profit companies. That pretty much leaves government or philanthropic entities. Philanthropic entities do not invest at the level justified by the expected benefit to society of the research. If you want funding at the appropriate level, you need to either do it through the government or you need to modify patent law to enable corporations to capture profits with very large time horizons. Is there a reason that the DOE is a particularly bad agency, among potential government agencies, for doing this investment? Just to add to what juiceandjuice said: I get the impression you are arguing based off of the names of the various government agencies. This is silly; the names are historical. What's important is whether the agencies are organized properly to bring the people with the correct skills to bear on the particular investment problems. I have zero expertise in how large agencies should be organized, but I can assure you that the DOE has decades of experience funding all sorts of physics research. Moving funding jurisdiction to another agency would be an expensive shift with no obvious benefit. As explained elsewhere, you give the vaccine and a placebo to an at-risk. Than you follow up X years later to check infection rates. Everything's double blind, so there's nothing statistically different about the two populations other than the vaccine vs. placebo. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2389732