FYI: Big Ball of Mud has two meanings. The one author uses and Lisp meaning. "APL is like a beautiful diamond - flawless, beautifully symmetrical. But you can't add anything to it. If you try to glue on another diamond, you don't get a bigger diamond. Lisp is like a ball of mud. Add more and it's still a ball of mud - it still looks like Lisp." - unknown (alternatively Lisp is bean bag because it always returns to its original shape) He uses big ball of mud is a software system that lacks a perceivable architecture. Lisp BBoM is not lacking architecture. In the Lisp use of the term it means that you can extend the system incredibly without losing the "Lispiness". It looks and feels the same after extensions (if those extensions are done right). In Lisp building complex framework don't suddenly turn your programming xml-file configuration and annotating for code generators. This infographic gets metric prefix wrong. Kilobyte 1000 bytes, symbol: kB Kilobyte (kibibyte) for 1024 bytes, symbol: KB or KiB Same for all other prefixes. Kafkaesque. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kafkaesque#Legacy I think this might be good time to mention HiBase and Shades projects and related research for data structures and functional programming environments. http://www.cs.hut.fi/~siva/hibase/ HiBase was project funded by Nokia. The Goal was to develop a persistent functional programming environment with for telecom environments. The reason why it was functional was the observation that in functional programming environment you can model data as graph where references point only backwards in time. In other words, if you just constantly write your data into the database and have smart GC, you can recover very fast from crashes. Just like telecom environment likes it. The project was canceled, some say for reasons to do with internal company politics, but it showed huge promise. It was already 10X faster than competing commercial databases that were tweaked by their developers to perform well in testing. The author argues that when string processing becomes complicated, it does not matter and incorrect results are usually OK. Everybody knows about Bobby Tables? How about Mr. เจ้าพระยาบดินทรเดชา Unicode? What if somebody told you that if certain exotic names are entered into the system by certain input method, government officials can't find those people in their searches, including full text search to a police report? Progressives? Did you know that Friedrich Hayek and Milton Friedman supported the idea? Negative income tax is one way to implement basic income. There are others. Because they are not the same concept. Universal Artificial Intelligence is not same as Human Level Artificial intelligence. There is no reason to assume that human intelligence is universal. Or intelligence is biased towards picking berries and avoiding bears in three dimensional world. I find the argument for minerals to be off at least few orders of magnitudes financially, >"The Moon is full of resources - mainly rare earth elements, titanium, and uranium, which the Earth is really short of, and these resources can be used without limitation. Titanium is ninth-most abundant element in the Earth's crust. Normal soil contains 0.5% - 1.5% titanium. All we need is energy for the process of separating them. Rare earth elements are expensive but not so expensive that we need to go to the moon. After we have used all conventional mines for rare earth, we can get them from the bottom of the sea more economically (see for example: http://www.nature.com/news/2011/110703/full/news.2011.393.ht... ) Uranium would be incredibly expensive if it would be mined on the moon. In theory HE3 mining could be viable, unless investments in deuterium+tritium fusion reactor that would produce HE3 for helium reactors is better investment. Even then, building separate deuterium-tritium fusion reactors that produce He3 for He-He fusion reactors could be more financially sound idea. >country with stark poverty for most of its rural majority is a sign of China's tyrannical government China lifted more than 600 million people out of poverty between 1981 and 2004. The ongoing Chinese urbanization effort is massive. From 2010 to 2025, 300 million Chinese (little less than US population) now living in rural areas will move into cities. China has tyrannical government, but it's not incompetent like it was during the Mao era. They know that they can keep the power only as long as they keep making things better for majority of people. If they fuck up, no security apparatus can keep people from toppling them. China must ensure that China has the energy needed to reduce poverty and increase living standards. The great sucking noise in Africa is part of that, so is the conflict in the China Sea. If they look for the Moon for resources, that's not surprising. Was your intention to compare gold and DOW as investments for long term? In that case you should ask question: "What is the price of Dow Jones Industrial Average dividends reinvested in ounces of gold?" In long term, the majority of value in stock markets comes from dividends. That does not show in stock price graphs. This is how lazy Haskell programmers solve every problem. I don't understand the challenge part. Why don't people with bad hearing go nuts in normal quiet rooms if not hearing anything is so challenging? If Bitcoin drops to around $200, it's just following long term exponential growth trend with of booms and corrections. If Bitcoin drops much below $100 we can talk about crash. Many parts with Oberon system would have been perfect for passing code around in the the Internet. The one pass compiler, for example, was lightening fast and compact. I think Oberon system is worth of study. Either they are going to be autonomous or this will be very expensive delivery system. One man attending one package delivery for 20-30 minutes will not do. If they have human involvement, it's just checking the drop point. In any case, it will be extremely low paid job. London suffered from bad smogs almost century before they did anything to them. Great Smog was just one incident. sci-fi? It's more like reminder from the history. Rapid industrialization and increase in living standards seems to follow familiar pattern. Great Smog of London documentary https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vkx-2mT1-q4 Investment idea: Companies that manufacture sulfur dioxide scrubbers for coal plants. The way 80% of real real world (non academic) data mining problems are solved: 1. Feature selection. 2. intelligent data massage. Real world data has usually noise that humans can easily identify as irrelevant or erroneous. 3. logit regression. Starting with simple, well understood algorithms first should be the second lesson after knowing about validation sets. In those cases where they are not enough, they set the baseline for comparison against other algorithms. Average income, average net wealth and now average inheritance. I'm sure that numerically literate HN readers understand why these numbers are misleading. Especially when you use them to compare America to other countries. Arithmetic mean does not give you look into life of average American. Median should be used instead. You are assuming that English and international use of the term democracy was developed by American and for America. That's not the case. The evolution of the use of the word happened in England and France. Frenchman Marquis d’Argenson (1694-1757) was first to define representative democracy in the way it's used today. Using coding examples like conditional compilation is not right abstraction for programmers to understand how genes compute. GRN is. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene_regulatory_network https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene_regulatory_network#Modell... GRN can be modeled using different levels of abstraction and accuracy as boolean network , recurrent neural network or as stochastic gene networks. In other words, they are capable of complex computations, but computational model looks more like neural network or stochastic network. The way OO is used in real world, classes encapsulate spaghetti code into smaller chunks. It has been reasonably successful, but good module system can do the same thing. Personally, I like the Alan Kay's definition: >OOP to me means only messaging, local retention and protection and hiding of state-process, and extreme late-binding of all things. It can be done in Smalltalk and in LISP. There are possibly other systems in which this is possible, but I'm not aware of them. http://userpage.fu-berlin.de/~ram/pub/pub_jf47ht81Ht/doc_kay... If? Correct me if I'm wrong, but Snowden has not published anything really critical about NSA surveillance on China, Russia, Iran, etc. His risk/reward calculation seems to be on line with mine. Of course his leaks do some damage to U.S. foreign policy, but that's acceptable collateral damage. His leaks help to shape the power balance between government and citizens in liberal democracies. Even if he was doing sabotage. It would be morally acceptable in his case. Systematic surveillance in this scale changes power balance between government and citizens very fundamental way. Please provide exact document where he reveals documents about spying China, Russia etc. that are not linked to domestic spying. >At this point, he is a spy from every angle you look at it. Remember that not even U.S. government is not charging him from being a spy. First thing that comes to mind is cheap optical sensors. I think you can even use small laser/ir led and detect the reflected light because distances are so short. If you want to detect direction with single sensor, you might want to use optical modulator (rotating reticle) just like many IR guided missiles do. Maybe the reticle could even be tiny rotating rotor powered by the air. Tactics should be same as real missiles have. Approach others from below if possible so that signals from ground can't mess the signal. Calibrate against sky before flight. You should also make sure that the plane does not chase sun or moon. Oracle is not the villain. Oracle is irrelevant. MySQL has new name: MariaDB https://mariadb.org/ It's developed by many of the original authors of MySQL. You should use optical filters if possible to filter unwanted wavelengths and receiver should have relatively narrow field of view. The main goal would be to detect difference from the background. Rotating reticle would be really good idea if you can make it work mechanically. You would need only one light sensor to detect direction if you use reticle. See: http://wiki.scramble.nl/index.php/Sidewinder_article#Reticle Simple C type reticle would be enough to separate target from the background and find out the direction of the target. You are using reddit wrong. You don't have to use Reddit in default setting. Unsubscribe from everything and then select those subreddits that are nice. You don't have to look at comments if you don't like their contents. There are several nice and tightly moderated reddits that are great. For example /r/askhistorians and /r/askscience and several others. I have a question. Can government issue gag order to security firm doing audit and prevent them from releasing backdoors or intentional weaknesses they discover? It's called formula 1 for a reason. No rules would lead to dull competitions and bankruptcies. There has been times with less rules and it does not work. 1. Cars would be clued to the road with massive downforce and it would look like they are on track in turns. Very boring races without overtakes. Races would be determined in time trials. 2. Building competitive car would be even more expensive than it is now. There would be only few competitive teams, some years maybe only one. 3. Several teams would eventually drop out because racing would be too expensive. This is not sarcasm. These are still problems with F1. The reason why these rules are needed is because F1 racing has been in the constant "getting out of hand" state since 80's. Some races from the ground effect era 1977 to 1982 were ridiculous. Wing-profiled sidepods sealed to the ground by sliding lexan skirts. It took gigantic amount of rules changes to cover all loopholes. Learning something that takes time should be seen as investment. If you invest your time and effort, you want to know that your investment pays dividends in the future. I feel that Emacs is one of those tools where my investment is safe and the code I write to ~/.emacs produces huge value over several decades. It's not going away. Development community is so big that it supports all new stuff that comes along. May I present one of the greatest math books for general audience: Mathematics: Its Content, Methods and Meaning by A. D. Aleksandrov, A. N. Kolmogorov, M. A. Lavrent’ev. http://www.amazon.com/Mathematics-Its-Content-Methods-Meanin... Math books rarely move from the Soviet Union to west, but this did and for really good reason. Just look at the list of writers included. So far I have not seen any math books that come even close to this. Reading this book together with the The Princeton Companion to Mathematics was real treat. The Princeton Companion is more like encyclopedia. Main part of the book is articles describing 100 or so mathematical concepts in alphabetical orders. Then it has articles describing major mathematical problems. Hyperinflation can only occur in cases where debt is in foreign currencies. For example the German hyperinflation was started by "London ultimatum" that demanded reparations in gold or foreign currency. >I also often want less noise--ie no parentheses. You have not reached Lisp enlightenment yet. Because you use Emacs, you can get shortcut to enlightenment by choosing color for parentheses that almost hides them to the background. US spied French aerospace industry in 90's and there is no indication that they won't do it every time they feel US might get advantage from it. A/B testing is not the correct way to test what is objectively better. As we can read from here, people often have personal preferences to what they are used to and think are best. Unfortunately what people think is best is not necessarily same as what is objectively best for them. If you put people into usability lab and test their reading speed and reading understanding with different text sizes etc. you get more objective results (that mostly agree with the OP as far as I can remember). Here is good overview of the research: How physical text layout affects reading from screen. http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20060729105544/psychol... This article has no mention of bioaccumulation. Pacific Ocean is so large that it can dilute huge amount of radioactivity, but bioaccumulation changes the story. Without estimates how well these leaks bioaccumulate, the whole article is useless. Humans are at the top of the food chain in the sea and overfishing and exploiting sea life close to it's maximum capacity. In Chernobyl, most of the radioactivity fell into the forests, mostly away from human food chain (there are still recommendations to not eat too much berries, mushrooms etc. in many areas). The Pacific is 100% in human food chain. If by sometimes you mean hypothetically. Still, we don't need to make torture legal. But I bite. Let's say that thing you describe happens. People who torture should still get hard sentences, say 20 to 25 years. If they are not willing to sacrifice their own life and break the law to get the information, the torture is not justified. In other words: torture should always be big personal sacrifice for the torturer. Why not both? ghc compiler in Haskell has -fdefer-type-errors flag. SBCL Common Lisp implementation has option to turn type warnings into errors. Extending -fdefer-type-errors function and creating better type checker for dynamic languages could achieve best of both worlds. You can do those things that are easy to do statically at development/testing time and those thing that are easy to do dynamically in runtime. Some things like overloading based on return values don't work dynamically, but you could either choose to not have them or resolve them in development time. I would like to see languages where dynamic vs. static is continuum and programmers can determine how much they need want case by case basis. UTF-8 is usually good enough in disk. I would like to have at least two options in memory: utf-8 and vector of displayed characters (there's many combinations in use in existing modern languages with no single-character representations in UTF- ). Yes. If I want to work with language and do some stringology, that's what I want. I might want to swap some characters, find length of words etc. To have vector of characters (as what humans consider characters) is valuable. So are you saying that discrete diffusion simulation does not model economics in any meaningful sense? Tom Perkins is over 80 years old and it could be his age. He might also reveal the true sentiment in his social circle. Living in a bubble is interesting thing. Being on the News Corp. board, consuming News Corp. owned media and then writing an opinion in News Corp owned magazine. Wage's share of GDP have been in decline in all OECD countries since mid 70's. U.S. is just leading the way. When you cut the pie into different size pieces and one gets more than before and one gets less, causality is trivial. Anyone who wants to do fastest possible floating point arithmetic with graphics card. Also, if the memory, disk access, or IO-troughtput is the bottleneck with number crunching, single floats might give huge advantage. Something to read: Hierarchical Bayesian Modeling of Human Decision-Making Using Wiener Diffusion http://gandalf.psych.umn.edu/users/schrater/schrater_lab/cou... Decision Theory and Human Behavior http://www.umass.edu/preferen/Class%20Material/Bounds%20of%2... Beyond Accuracy: How Models of Decision Making Compare to Human Decision Making http://fileadmin.cs.lth.se/cs/Personal/Carl_Christian_Rolf/c... Forgetful Bayes and myopic planning: Human learning and decision-making in a bandit setting http://papers.nips.cc/paper/5180-forgetful-bayes-and-myopic-... >Our result shows that subjects’ choices, on a trial-to- trial basis, are best captured by a “forgetful” Bayesian iterative learning model [21] in combination with a partially myopic decision policy known as Knowledge Gradient [7]. But is worse really better? http://dreamsongs.com/Files/IsWorseReallyBetter.pdf He uses emotional and ethical arguments without any specifics nor plan: "Something must be done." Some perspective. We created crisis where children die in large numbers in Iraq by toppling Saddam. Situation of children in Iraq 'a neglected crisis' http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-22366451 We are not killing them but we created the environment where they die. "Misuse" of koans has long history. After Zen master Yuanwu's Blue Cliff Records - collection of 100 classical koans with his commentary verses - started to spread around, his successor Dahui noticed how monks and laypeople treated the collection as intellectual and artistic work (Yuanwu Keqin wrote and spoke very beautifully, so they do have artistic value) and burned all copies he could find. The original use of koan is to be meditation aid (huatou-method, koan practice) not subject of philosophical inquiry. ps. The original MIT AI lab koans are more clever than these ESR ones. http://groups.csail.mit.edu/mac/users/dae/notes/ai-koans Tapping undersea cable is very small scale operation compared to mass surveillance. You can't install massive server rooms into undersea submarines. "We were not out to win over the Lisp programmers; we were after the C++ programmers. We managed to drag a lot of them about halfway to Lisp." - Guy Steele, Java spec co-author This is more like using suggestion to enable relaxation. Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders .. while computer scientists stand on each other's toes .. and computer engineers dig each other's graves. I use Truerypt and Dropbox. They play well together. ps. I have repeatedly encountered people who falsely assume that Truecrypt does not allow incremental backups with Dropbox. The thinking behind this seems to be assumption cipher-block chaining (CBC) is used. Truecrypt uses XTS mode. This is bipartisan issue. If Bush&Cheney administration goes down, so goes Clinton&Gore. Either everyone protects everyone else, or all go down together. The CIA was granted permission to use extraordinary rendition (torture flights) in a presidential directive signed by Bill Clinton in 1995. The practize was started by George H. W. Bush in 1993. >The government and the Federal Reserve (yes, they are two distinct entities — not part of the same) have perverted the definition of something This system is not internal to US. Most countries have more or less independent federal bank and similar system. >Whatever money may be, ultimately, it is supposed to act as a store of value for your labor, ingenuity and good fortune. This is outdated idea and source of much confusion. Yes, money should act as reasonable store of value in short term. Money should not have store of value property that is better than alternatives. It should never be good investment. Money should be the most liquid asset, unit of account and medium of exchange before being long time store of value. Because contracts (including wages) are defied using money as unit of account, small inflation forces constant renegotiation of contracts. It's fluid in the gears of the economy. Store your value elsewhere. It's easy. Money is just an asset. Theoretically, you can define money as the most liquid asset. Transition from money to other assets is fluid (different M's) based on them being money-like and there is nothing confusing in it unless you falsely assume that money should have some kind of magic substance that other assets don't have. Your car can be more money-like if you turn it into financial instrument by taking a loan against it. We are not special. Money has been very unpredictable entity in history. In the past, economic thinking was not that developed. There were no alternatives. Historical fluctuations in inflation: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:US_Historical_Inflation_A... Historical interest rates: http://i.imgur.com/i0xit0K.png More important than store, is predictability. If you know it's going to be 1-5% inflation next 20 years with high probability, life is much easier to plan than if there is high change of huge deflations or inflations. The main benefit of the fiat money is that it follows the economy and not the other way around. USD is what it is because US economy. 30-year bonds have yield 3.58% and it tells us much about how markets see the future of U.S economy and inflation. Many circuit design tools have the ability to use either visual circuit diagrams or VHDL. Visual diagrams are useful in many cases, just like UML diagrams, but using only them would be pain in the ass. No. It would just mean that you are a God. I mean, if there would be God and he would want to prove that he really is all powerful, he would have to be able to pull that kind of trick to convince me. Why should YC be involved in areas where it has no experience? The money YC gives is minimal, so the main benefit for YC involvement is experience. If YC has nobody who has expert knowledge in biotech, it would be waste of everyones time to get involved. Another thing is money. Most science startups need more than just people with PhD's willing to live with ramens. They need lab equipment, samples etc that cost tens and hundreds of thousands dollars. Providing cloud computing services is bulk business where the economies of scale is important Google is itself cloud computing company. When they sell resources to others, it's way to become bigger and reduce cost margins for the platform they are using for themselves. As long as there are people who pay more for the Google cloud service than Google's own usage is worth, selling to others reduces the overall costs of computing for Google. Double pricing is the problem. If consumer pays for 100Mb connection, ISP should provide that connection. Just like Netfilx pays for their connection and bandwidth. ISPs want to charge double. First from the customer, then from the Netflix again for the same traffic. We want to use classes because we want to want to be able to invoke an operation and have the exact behavior determined by the type of the object or objects on which the operation was invoked. Common Lisp philosophy of classes and OO fits the thicketness of the real world better. Generic functions, multimethods, mixings etc. Just embracing the notion that classes and encapsulation might be orthogonal issue opens up the way to use class system better ways. > Educate me. What terrible outcome is expected from this?" The information discrepancy between people and companies. The ability to make good deals means that your opponent does not already know what you are willing to pay. With immersion and VR there will be possibility to predict the mental state of person below 500 milliseconds. It will get us into the realm where companies can influence unconscious decision making much better than before. VR and it's immersion will allow companies to really surround us with control in the level that Web or ads in TV can't. Accurate knowledge of the impulse control limitations of the consumer will be huge. When is he tired, distracted or stressed or his general alertness level is down. Quick, show him/her ad he/she has no will power to refuse just now. Marketing people always remind us that you can't create needs with advertising. But you can attach needs to products and services and create culture where needs are satisfied with products. Detect need for spirituality or inner reflection, woo the consumer with serene images. Detect loneliness, immediately show something that looks like human connection with price. Too bad that Ted Nelson has shut down all attempts of hackers to create working software that uses ZigZag data structures. It is a sad story. It is an infuriating story. http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/node/233#comment-1715 http://www.nongnu.org/gzz/ high levels of fluoride <> fluoride added to water. Recommended upper levels of fluoride are If you are American living in the west coast and use water from your own well, you might want to check your fluoride levels. Excess fluoride is removed from tap water in US. I always wondered how one of the best professional poker players in the world would be so big degen that he would routinely throw away hundreds of thousands in card games where he could not win. This and the Crockfords Casino incident make his behavior more understandable. It seems that he did not really cheat, , he just exploited flaws. It does not matter. "Basically the change in track density and the related changes in the storage medium have created a situation where the acts of clearing and purging the media have converged. That is, for ATA disk drives manufactured after 2001 (over 15 GB) clearing by overwriting the media once is adequate to protect the media from both keyboard and laboratory attack." http://csrc.nist.gov/publications/nistpubs/800-88/NISTSP800-... If somebody knows disc recovery firm that claims the ability to rescue data from modern hdd after dd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/sda bs=1M let me know. Don't forget secure erase command. It clears even hidden data areas: hdparm --security-erase Eins /dev/sda Norvig's Law in action. Nokia as phone manufacturer is gone. Nokia the company still exists. It owns the Nokia brand and has massive mobile patent portfolio (only licensed to Microsoft). Nokia is made of NSN (Nokia Solutions and Networks), maps and The Nokia Research Center. Nokia is prohibited from using the brand to sell mobile phones for few years (ending 2018). It's completely possible that they come up with new gadgets or even phones with Nokia name. Not any more. Those parts of Nokia Keiretsu that once was exist today as independent companies. http://www.nokiantyres.com/ http://www.nokiantires.com/ http://nokianjalkineet.fi/en/ http://www.nokianfootwear.com/ Nokia Cable is now http://www.nkcommunications.com Remember the Burning Platform letter from Elop that killed remaining Symbian sales for Nokia? Elop likened Nokia/Symbian to burning oil platform and argued that Nokia must jump from the platform to be saved. Jolla http://jolla.com/ was founded soon afterwards by people who left Nokia. The name Jolla means dinghy, skiff or lifeboat in Finnish. One of the biggest mistakes was American style stock options in Nokia and the way it was implemented (to make the VP level management rich and leave others with nothing). What do ambitious people grown in Nordic culture do when they become rich and financially independent? They either leave to start their own business or pursue other interests with passion. Those who did stay were not the cream of the crop and lost their ambition. Ownership of big Finnish companies formed Keiretsu type arrangement until the beginning of the 80's. Finland had two big banks, SYP and KOP, and they formed two camps that cross owned large sectors of Finnish business. Nokia was mostly in the SYP camp. SYP owned directly 20% of Nokia and even more trough it's insurance companies and other investors. "When 36 years old your code is, look as good it will not ehh." see also: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_Cybersyn Somebody correct me if I'm wrong, but Google cars still can't drive in the rain or in the snow. Not even on a wet street. They have driven all those thousand miles in Mountain View, Calif. in good weather. Generally lidar's don't work well with rain or reflective surfaces. Finland has had this since 2012. It really helps small companies who develop gis and map applications as well as hobbyists. http://www.maanmittauslaitos.fi/en/opendata http://www.maanmittauslaitos.fi/en/opendata/list-of-the-digi... So people who use incognito mode don't benefit much? The problem with this proposal is that there is single central (but non-centralized) counterparty risk. If the market grows big, there will be huge monetary incentives to try to find weaknesses in the system and find to collude. I would like to see non-centralized single market that has protocol for multiple transparent brokers that compete with fees and have their reputation there for everyone to see and judge any way they want. This way the risk of large bets could be divided between brokers. Broker would be just identity and the 'implementation' could be single individual (anonymous or not), multiple individuals (broker syndicate) who would vote among themselves and manage their membership. Ability to attach decentralized algorithms as brokers should be also possible if taken into account when designing the protocols. This is well written argument, but there is one big difference between China now and Japan then. China is still going through urbanization in unprecedented scale. About half of the Chinese live in cities now. By 2030, cities will be home to 70 per cent of China’s population and generate 75 per cent of its GDP. There will be 200 million Chinese moving into cities in next few decades. China can be close to where Japan is now in the 2040 banking crisis. For now, even massive crisis just delays the inevitable increase in demand that eats away all mistakes in fiscal and monetary policy. http://insights.som.yale.edu/insights/what-should-we-underst... http://www.cn.undp.org/content/china/en/home/presscenter/pre... http://www.cn.undp.org/content/china/en/home/presscenter/pre... There will be #2, but coming banking crisis will be temporary, not decades long zombie slump like in already developed and urbanized Japan. LIDAR does not work in rain, on wet roads or in the snow. Google car drives only in good weather in California for a reason. In Sweden they could drive maybe a week in a year. ... Sommaren är kort de mesta regnar bort .. They both have same roots, the :keyword syntax comes from Common Lisp and others: From Matz (creator of Ruby): Ruby is a language designed in the following steps: * take a simple lisp language (like one prior to CL). * remove macros, s-expression. * add simple object system (much simpler than CLOS). * add blocks, inspired by higher order functions. * add methods found in Smalltalk. * add functionality found in Perl (in OO way). So, Ruby was a Lisp originally, in theory. Let's call it MatzLisp from now on. ;-) There is nothing else that gets the accuracy Google needs. Sensors are currently unsolved problem. Multi wavelength radars don't yet have the accuracy and they don't work well with nonmetallic objects (There is limit of how much radar can use power (safely) and how expensive it can be. What works for F-22 don't work for Google) Google is not planning to monetize this technology anytime soon, despite the hype. The difference between crude human/animal intelligence and top notch AI-research is still huge. If people would need the accuracy that Google's car needs to move reliably and do split second decisions, we could never leave our house. We operate using just two cameras and accelerometers. The clear picture and spatial recognition is done using top notch heuristics in the unconscious. With self driving car it's the opposite. They need millions of very accurate distance measurements per second to drive. Driving like Google car does with cameras only is not happening yet. Brendan Eich was hired to Netscape to "put Scheme in the browser", he ended up with Javascript. see also: https://mxr.mozilla.org/mozilla/source/js2/semantics/ LIDAR Google uses takes more than a million measurements per second and has ~11 cm resolution. 360 degree 3d map of its surroundings. http://i.imgur.com/hmSc9HJ.jpg Henk Barendregt (known for his work in lambda calculus and type theory) has good explanation of the apparent contradictions in tetra lemma. Buddhist Phenomenology - 1.7 Explaining apparent contradictions: http://www.cs.ru.nl/~henk/BP/bp1.html#SECTION000270000000000... In other words: And Now for Something Completely Different... Avalanche effect from shot noise is quantum noise. Shot noise that causes avalanche effect is quantum noise. The problem of generating quantum random numbers is same as with optical device: removing all other sources of noise. For the purpose of this discussion there are two types of noise in electronics: shot noise and thermal noise. Shot noise is discrete noise that happens when single electrons are emitted and adsorbed. Shot noise is quantum noise and can't be reduced by cooling and don't vary with frequency. Thermal noise is noise that depends on the temperature of the circuit. Temperature increases the energy of material and this energy allows electrons to bounce around more creating noise. For the purpose of QRNG, you don't have to separate shot noise from thermal noise if you know the shot noise to thermal noise ratio. We are not interested of knowing actual bits generated by shot noise. We just want to collect enough random bits so that we can guarantee that there is enough quantum randomness to make the quality equal to just quantum bits. For example, if the ratio is 1/100, we collect more than 100 bits and mix them together to get one bit of quantum randomness. Shot noise is amplified and has easily detectable effects in in p-n junctions (diodes, photodectectors). Go is very complex. How about game with much smaller search tree complexity first, like poker. We don't have computers winning professional poker players yet. They are quite good in heads up game (one to one), but full table is beyond them. The problem in poker is not the complexity of the game, it's in learning how your opponent thinks and how they adjust to your play. Using virus infections against cancer has long history. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oncolytic_virus He is known as annoying Usenet troll by many. I don't classify him as pure troll, however. He don't troll for the sake of trolling and he can be helpful. He is very opinionated and argumentative and don't adjust his thinking very well. He might have mood disorder. http://xahlee.org/PageTwo_dir/Personal_dir/xah.html I have been doing zazen meditation as 2-3 hours per day for 10+ years. The way I see it, mindfulness practices and meditation gives long term effects because you are doing the effort yourself. It's not the mental state you are in during the meditation that brings the long term benefits. What works is your constant effort to look at your mind and notice what it does, even when you are distracted or feel vexed and especially then. When you do 7 day zazen retreat where you meditate 10-16 hours per day, you feel pain in your legs, periods of intense drowsiness, agitation, strong emotions, boredom, etc. all this while sitting and looking calm outwards. Within all this internal storm you are just looking at what happens your own mind at the current moment. Attaching yourself to pleasant mental states you get in meditation is just waste of time. The way these EEG devices work is by giving you feedback loop that gets you into relaxed state. That's not same as meditation. It can have good effects, but it's not the same. One person drives with car 10 km every day and other person runs 10 km every day. The amount they travel correlates very closely, but only one person gets exercise. I agree. EEG signals are buried within layers of much stronger artifacts. I'm relatively sure that this device just notices when you you relax your face and forehead muscles. That's good indicator of your relaxation. Publishers play the role of venture capital. Writing good books is often teamwork with writer(s), editor and publishing company. Traditionally good publishers have picked up unknown writers and nurtured them years and provided them with editors. For the public they do the service of selecting promising writers and marketing them. Consumers can't recognize writing they like like they select music, listening just few minutes. Reading something is always an investment and publishers reduce the risk of that investment. Nobody reads first novels from first-time authors for fun. 99% of them will be bad and even if the writer is good the novel probably needs lots of editing to become good. EBooks and print-in-demand don't help to solve this issue. Nobody wants to read crap or likes the 99% odds of reading crap even if it's free. Somebody has to be paid to read trough the crap and discover the good bits. Amazon just sings up already known writers who sell. Maybe the only way left for aspiring author is: 1. write into literary magazines and journals. 2. get sponsorships from (wealthy) patrons of literature who read those magazines or do all the marketing and publishing work yourself (basically two full time jobs in addition to your day job that pays the bills) I'm an European and treason and espionage are political crimes. If Snowden is a traitor, then he spied on my behalf against U.S. government. For me and many other citizens of so called free word he is a hero. He should get a medal. In U.S. media the discussion centers around Americans being spied and if that is illegal. As a non-American, I see U.S. UK and other mass surveillance countries as constantly attacking me personally. As more and more people feel the same way, it will eventually have real consequences to U.S. interests. It might take generation or two, but it will happen. First world countries are very interdependent and this kind of attacking harms us all. Even in the cynical machtpolitik world view this can be seen as shortsighted strategy. I'm an European and treason and espionage are political crimes (they not against universal ethics in any way). If Snowden is a traitor, then he spied on my behalf against U.S. government. For me and many other citizens of so called free word he is a hero. He should get a medal. In U.S. media the discussion centers around Americans being spied and if that is illegal. As a non-American, I see U.S. UK and other mass surveillance countries as constantly attacking me personally. As more and more people feel the same way, it will eventually have real consequences to U.S. interests. It might take generation or two, but it will happen. Why would U.S. want to make new enemies? First world countries are very interdependent on each other and this kind of attacking harms us all. Even in the cynical machtpolitik world view this can be seen as shortsighted strategy. >I find it frustrating the extent to which Europeans seem to believe that their own governments aren't spying on them. Most European countries don't do mass surveillance. In my country there are two spy agencies, civilian and military one, and they both have less than 200 people working for them. their budgets are just too small for large scale spying. > a government that has a track record of cooperation with SIGINT. There is nothing wrong with cooperation and SIGINT. Spy agencies should spy and exchange information. It's the mass surveillance that is the most problematic aspect. I find several problems with this argument. First, it is oversimplification. Robots don't eat jobs as in "there is nothing more to do for humans." The argument is that automation will decrease the wage share (labour share) and increase the share of capital (wage share has been in decline in OECD countries since early 70's.) Secondly, history disagrees. Luddites had it right first. When industrialization started, automation reduced the living standards of workers for several decades. What turned things around was political struggle and unions. There was violence and people were shot at factory gates. Automation itself is not going to create utopia. There has to be political change in how we share profits. Automation and Robots create new economic situation where the value and ratio between human capital and capital changes. Krugman has written few easy to digest articles that explain why Anderseens first and second point are very problematic. http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/12/08/rise-of-the-robo... http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/12/11/human-versus-phy... http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/12/10/technology-and-w... Prisoner's Dilemma (PD) is good abstraction. The power for game theory comes from abstraction. If you want to understand the implications, you must understand how this abstraction works. If you can make humans really play PD and they are rational, nothing unexpected happens. The problem with these human experiments is not that PD can't model decision making, it's in the leaking implementation where payoff does not quantify the utility for the players. If you follow that line of thought to it's conclusion, you end up with gas turbine (Brayton cycle). Progress for the sake of progress is not progress. The question that should be asked is if not using IMAP gives for this app any edge over not using it? It seems that the answer is no. Future, meet past https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HyperCard Stasi is relevant because methods Stasi used are relevant. Stasi considered arrests and torture to be ineffective and crude methods when controlling people. They wanted something that was harder to detect even for the victims. The oppression and surveillance Stasi directed towards typical citizen or dissident was not brutal as in "you have to fear for your life", especially in the last decades of DDR. Stasi perfected the technique called Zersetzung. It was form of psychological harassment and character assassination that maintained plausibe deniability. They falsified information and caused mental stress. For high value targets it could include breaking into their house and altering furniture. For most people it was the threat of being inconvenienced, life being derailed and social relationships disrupted. Not getting into school, not getting the job or apartment you wanted. False rumors about you. Social relationships being broken. No-fly list for your life. There is potential for the same thing happening in the west as a result of more efficient surveillance. Some black box algorithm determines that this guy acts in a way that is above some threshold and your life will be somewhat more shitty from that day onward. You just don't know why. This is just hardware problem. The biggest risk is in the software. The potential for F-35 being the most expensive software project failure is still there. Lockheed is still writing the code for Block 2B software that provides enough functionality for the initial operational capability (IOC). That might be ready 2016 if the software gets ready. This would enable F-35 to fly limited combat missions. The real reason for F-35 is in the block 3F (full capability). Full sensor integration, augmented reality helmet, data fusion between radars and IR. Ability to share raw sensor data between fighters. It's incredibly complex systems with millions of lines of code and it's safety critical code. Without it, F-35 is failure. Software Testing Problems Continue to Plague F-35 Joint Strike Fighter Program http://spectrum.ieee.org/riskfactor/aerospace/aviation/softw... You are not messy enough. It's always great to see post from real Lisper instead of yet another Lisp philosopher. I find your emphasis of building intuition very important. Personal anecdote related to Pythagorean theorem/euclidean distance. When in ninth grade, I asked my math teacher to explain why why the the standard deviation is like it is and why the square root and not something else. He could not explain that to me satisfactorily. I spend few hours looking at the formula myself and plotting and drawing different datasets until I made the following association: if dataset is like N dimensional vector and its values x1, x2, .. xN are coordinates, then I'm looking at euclidean distance from mean plus adjusting for the number of dimensions. I think this single moment of cryptic formula making sense changed my attitude towards statistics and math. Dataset ~ vector and data-point ~ vector-coordinate association helps to understand statistics using geometrical intuition. I'm really baffled about this. Maybe I'm from older hacker generation (and I'm also a Finn). I just did not see personal insults going on. I would like to see more neutral discussion about cultural differences (between hackers and nations) and not opinions and own cultural biases stated as normative. Here is my personal cultural bias: 1. Insulting people personally is not same thing as insulting their ideas or their actions. If someone insults my actions or my ideas, I may get emotional, but I don't take it as an insult. For me it means that I'm being challenged. 2. Cursing is not unprofessional or insulting in itself. Cursing is to be used for emphasis and to get people involved emotionally (good thing). Cursing has its place to signal frustration and get trough people. Too much cursing is like underlining everything. 3. (Anglo American) business culture is not necessarily something to be emulated. Being overly polite invites all kinds of side stepping, passive aggressive behavior and ineffectiveness. I feel that "being professional" is used here as thought terminating cliche. 4. Some hacker cultures can be both fiercely competitive and cooperative at the same time. Being heavily criticized and challenged is part of that process. Kernel hackers compete to get their ideas incorporated into the same codebase. Javascript hackers borrow snippets from each other and do their own things (no need to be as competitive as forking is easier). This might lead to different hacker cultures. What is accepted in one culture is not accepted in other. 5. Management by perkele[1] is management strategy that can be very effective with the 'Shut Up and Show Them the Code' hacker culture. 6. Pacabel may have a point. Younger generations may no be used to their work or behavior being harshly criticized and take it as personal insult. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8089706 [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Management_by_perkele#Examples... >overly critical culture of many European nations prevents younger people from trying out or voicing ideas I don't think this is what is happening here. >humans are human and don't like being humiliated , especially in public. This is just the cultural difference I'm talking about. Someone criticizing your work or behavior does not universally signal humiliating you as a person. I acknowledge that this may be so for you personally or in your culture. >Knowing that an insult wasn't technically directed at them doesn't stop them feeling shitty, and being unproductive as a result. Again, this is not culturally universal reaction. In some people and cultures it gets your blood flowing and it encourages you to work harder. >Younger generations are used to their work being criticised constructively and dispassionately. Is dispassionate interaction something you should automatically want? I also don't agree that with the constructive criticism and passionate delivery are somehow exclusive. I don't personally use the language that Linus uses, but I strive in the environment where people are very competitive and compete against each others by engaging personally (both negatively and positively). It's inevitable that we associate some part of our ego into our ideas and work and feel a sting when it's criticized. I love it when I'm right and others are wrong and little hurt when I'm wrong and and get called for it. I assume others feel the same. This does not mean that I am personally attacking or hating people. If someone can't cope with it, I have to find other way to communicate with them of course. But if I'm in good competitive alpha-team where nobody is taking it personally I feel that we should be able to keep our culture and not change just like very PC and non-emotional "professional" team culture should not change if they feel they are in good and productive place. Defaulting is error on both sides, the borrower failed in risk analysis just like the debtor. The problem is that sovereign nations don't have clear bankrupt procedure and these hedge funds are holding country as hostage for their past mistakes despite the fact that majority of borrowers accepted debt restructuring that was arranged and accepted haircuts. If the debt and its interest grows past what country gdp can ever grow, they can never pay back and they either became debt slaves forever or keep defaulting. This is attempt at debt slavery in national level. (if person can't pay his debt ever, should he and his family lineage be responsible for that debt forever?) I think it's reasonable to expect that in these cases banks should accept haircuts and settle like wast majority of investors did. Upholding business deal is ethically less important than country of millions being able to continue their life. The logical cost of country not being able to pay for their dept should be higher interest rates in future, not shutting country down. >If I should instead shape every contract with a 20% hedge that assumes the counter party will not keep their word, doesn't that introduce a significant amount of inefficiency in the entire system. Of course it does and it should, because there is real risks involved. Banks make their money by evaluating risks correctly. >For systemic risk to be properly moderated, the individuals or even individual counties must suffer the consequences of their actions. You can opt to not allow this, but you ultimately suffer as a whole when you do. This would only work if the parties involved would be fully rational. As long as you have imperfect actors with limited information that have limited ability to learn lessons, optimum way to limit the risk for borrower is by bankruptcy laws and procedures so that everyone involved knows the risks. There was solid international effort to deal with the situation during the Argentine Great Depression and IMF was involved in making the deal. Because there is no bankruptcy law for countries, it was impossible to negotiate bankruptcy deal for Argentine that would bind everyone. These hedge funds are exploiting this. Going forward, we should make example of them. If majority of debtors agree, better to take the deal. This would generate de facto bankruptcy procedure. >This scientist may have had some level of guilt because of his involvment with Obokata but that was nothing worth dying for to clear his name. Japan is shame society. Shame is weighing heavily even if when person is not guilty and drive people to suicide. Aspirin has potential. It might also help with mood disorders if or when they are connected to low level chronic inflammation. (big if, nothing conclusive, just interesting connection) http://apt.rcpsych.org/content/14/4/248.full http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15867179 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3535180/ Can you name any businesses where radical decentralization builds important revenue? As others have pointed out, technology seems to consolidate more than decentralize. Network effect is opposite force to decentralization. Companies like Airbnb, Uber consolidate previously small businesses under one huge company. All natural extremes fit within +100 and -100 beautifully. 110 - sauna is too hot 100 - water boils in one atmosphere 50 - desert hot (record is 56.7 °C (134.1 °F) Death Valley, California, U.S.A. 10 July 1913) 30 - hot (for a finn) 25 - nice hot 20 - use more clothes below this 0 - water freezes, ice forms on roads, lakes etc. -10 - cold but OK with good clothes -20 - this starts to be so cold were you need to prepare yourself well if you want to spend more than an hour outside. Temperature inside freezer. -30 - extreme colds start. You don't enjoy this even when prepared and using good clothes. -40 - Winter War conditions -50 - record breaking extremes −89.2 °C (−128.6 °F) Vostok Station 21 July 1983 -110 Kriotherapy room for treating joint inflammation When I heard about spiking neurons, I assumed that IBM tries to speed up Blue Brain project or cognitive research in general. But it seems like SyNAPTIC group tries to push this chip into common machine learning applications. http://www.research.ibm.com/articles/brain-chip.shtml NSA started to move towards "two-man rule" system where system administrators work in pairs when accessing servers with highly classified information only after Snowden leaks. When you know that Russia and China have good track record of long running human intelligence operations in the US, this looks like really gigantic security lapse. They are not stupid and they must have been discussing it. There must have been strategic decision where they prioritized the expansion of intelligence collection over internal security (effectively cutting the work that skilled people with security clearances can do to almost half must be real cost and resource bottleneck). If I had to guess the situation, I would say that for every whistle blower there is two spies who spy for Russia or China and they have collected all documents they can. Russians&Chinese spying US spying the world. The cost of setting up good HUMINT must be fraction of the cost of the NSA infrastructure. I think records speak against your IMHO. 1. Ideology has not been the major modus operandi in long time (since 50's). Nowadays idealogical reasons are replaced by cultural and ethnic loyalties. Wast majority of people who spied for China have had Chinese heritage. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_intelligence_operation... 2. Money and personal problems/reasons seems to be major reason for spying against US and for Soviet Union/Russia during and after cold war (Hanssen, Ames) According to American counterintelligence Russian espionage reached Cold War levels already in in 2007. There was only two economists discussing the future of jobs :( Robotics and automation are changing business from labor intensive to capital intensive. Wage share (share of wages from the GDP) has been going down since early 70's in all OECD countries. Automation will continue to increase that trend together with more competition from third world. The job loss should be considered as one issue in downward pressure for wages caused by automation. Workers can compete with with automation by earning less. People from developing world will be able to compete against automation longer. Removing cashiers and logistic workers with automation and more sophisticated vending machines might generate bigger dent to the jobs than self driving cars (They have vending machine in Italy that makes fresh pizza starting from the flour). I'm a Finn and not language person, so I have always wondered why some linguists and philologists (like Tolkien) love Finnish language despite it being so weird and hard to learn. Here is interesting opinion from one foreigner: http://www.reddit.com/r/Nordiccountries/comments/2bm3e4/dane... --8 Ok this might get long. First to give some weight to my opinion, I should mention that I've studied most of the major language families in the world to some depth. I've studied indo-european languages quite extensively (including all scandinavian languages), I have a degree in Icelandic, teach it for a living, and have studied Finnish for many years. In comparaison to other languages, Finnish is very regular. It is extremely efficient - you can create new words very easily and all the parts 'click' together perfectly. One of the reason for the great practicality and efficiency of the Finnish language is that for one thing, it uses many small ways to integrate endings seemlessly into the words - vowel harmony means only certain vowels can be added onto certain nouns (a o u can only have a o u in the word, whereas ä ö y can only be around other ä ö y, and i e are neutral). Every way in which a word can end in Finnish also has a second 'open' form that is used when the seal of the word is broken (nominative) to add more stuff onto it. The word kuningas 'king' can be 'broken open' to kunkinkaa- and then you add endings (kuninkaalle, kuninkaana, etc.). So it's kind of like a really slick puzzle where each part fits specifically with a word and various rules make it all seem like one big beautiful well integrated whole. Another beautiful thing about Finnish is the purity of its sounds. It's extremely clear. You can chose to speak Finnish in such a way that every single vowel is completely distinct from the other, no sound is ambiguous, everything is just the way it should be. Finnish also has a LOT of words. LOADS of words describing sounds in nature. LOADS of words for various types of movement (jump, jump once, jump around, jump casually, etc.). It is the PERFET language to talk about the forest, mushrooms, types of soil, types of bark, birds, water, weather. I can think of SO many words related to trees, bark, where the tree lies, how big it is, is it dead on its side, dead lying on another tree, dead with the middle rotten away, the bark rotten away, etc. Finnish is also what is called a linguistic icebox. When you put a new word into Finnish, it remains unchanged for many thousands of years. The word kuningas 'king' is nearly identical to the proto-germanic form (*kuningaZ). So in other words, Finnish is incredibly clear, very 'integrated' (words seamlessly melt into one another with high specificity), really rich in derivations (you can create hundreds of words based on one root), really rich in words for sound, movement, nature, trees, plants, etc., and it has changed very little for a very very long time. Sure, it's spoken with a rather low voice and your culture might label Finnish as ugly, but it's just really different from the germanic languages, and in my opinion, infinitely more beautiful! Upea suomenkieli, kaikkein kaunein kieli! --8 There is already over million Chinese working and living in Africa. Chinese entrepreneurs, workers etc. This is not move against government mass surveillance (collecting intelligence). This is criminal case and the question is the limits of legal discovery. I watch it here: https://www.google.com/finance?cid=22144 Microsoft didn't buy Nokia brand, it only licensed it. Nokia still manages the brand. Agreement forbids Nokia from manufacturing or selling mobile phones until 2016. Same applies for licensing the Nokia brand for other phone makers. ps. Microsoft didn't by Nokia Research or the patents. It's possible that Nokia enters into the consumer markets with their own products. I did not downvote you, but I find your suggestion very amusing because it's so casually out of context. Being Lisp does not make one Lisp family language replacement for other. Language feature list is not sufficient for comparing the similarity of languages. Clojure and CL are very different languages with very different programming styles. You might have suggested Javascript just as easily. >The tricky bit is figuring out which million people to put in the rocket. Humanity attempts to answer this question using trial and error method. From the previous attempts we now know that the correct answer is not: - the proletariat, - Jews, - Circassians - Armenians - American Indians or indigenous peoples in general. "Well, there is Sitting Zen (zazen, meditation), there is Walking Zen. Oh, and then, of course, especially in the West, there is Talking Zen. No good." Many Zen practitioners have received their first contact with zen trough Alan Watts. He was really good writer. But eventually you must realize that he was philosopher, alcoholic and religions scholar who looked Zen from the outside. Talking and thinking about Zen is like talking and thinking about physical exercise. Philosophical thinking about koan is like treating bench press as a philosophical problem. You can't lift it with your toughs. Zen is meditation first school of Buddhism. You must learn to do zazen (zen meditation). In other words, sit down and shut up. If you want to become Buddha, do what Buddha did and don't just listen and think about what he said. I'm myself a Zen Buddhist, I train with a teacher and have spend time zen training in a zen temple and attend sesshins regularly. I'm also very secular and atheist person who don't like organized religion. It's miracle that I can coexist with religious setting, but I do it because I see Buddhsit Zen teachers as experienced coaches and temple as training facility. I also know that he is not going to indoctrinate me for anything superstitions despite his own beliefs that are different from mine (there are number of rotten zen teachers though). If I were to describe what zazen meditation[1] is using as scientific terms as possible, I would say that it's developing and directing your attention towards higher temporal resolution and developing the ability of keeping it there (always below 1s and it can go as low as ~40 Hz). You can put your poet hat on and call it "living in this moment", "looking at the reality", "awakening to reality", "seeing the world as it really is", "impermanence" or "looking into yourself/mind", but that's what it really is in my opinion. You can't have complex philosophical toughs in such a short time. You can only see 'thoughtlets' (small incomplete toughs) forming and fading away in fractions of second. It's like using low level debugger into the functioning of yor mind (debugger being directed attention). --- [1] Same thing with most other awareness style Buddhist meditation traditions. You learn to see similarities with other traditions when you practice. Zazen is often more spartan and simplified and vital (not for everyone). Nice description of the differences between Zen and Vipassana styles by Shinzen Young http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WiM-w5qqmE Oracle advice on how to configure ZFS and Oracle Database http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/server-storage/solaris/con... Some picks: Free space is important 10-20%. >In an environment with a high rate of data update (or churn), it is advisable to maintain a certain amount of free space. ZFS is a copy-on-write file system and relocates all writes to free disk space. Keeping a certain amount of free blocks allows ZFS to easily find space in big chunks, allows ZFS to aggregate writes and reduce the write IOPS demand on hard disks. Streaming aggregated writes can be 50-100 times less demanding on hard drives than doing small random writes. Therefore, the incentive for keeping free space is high, especially in a high churn environment, such as an active OLTP database. >The number one rule for setting up an Oracle database on ZFS is to set ZFS recordsize equal to the database block size for the file systems that contain the Oracle data files. recordsize = db_block_size I read all Jules Verne novels I could get my hands on when I was 14-16 years old (for those who have not read Verne, they are very dry and detailed books). Recently I discovered yet another, his dystopian novel: Paris in the Twentieth Century (written in 1863, first published 1994) and it totally blew my mind how interestingly prophetic some of his predictions for 100 ahead years were (and some of the predictions still might become true). Comment on drug discovery: Drug industry have been criticized for exaggerating their R&D numbers. Critics also claim that private funding is directed towards drugs that contain active moieties that are same or closely related to active moieties in products that have been previously approved by FDA and that wast majority of important breakthrough drugs are the result of publicly funded research. If someone discovers drug that already works and makes billions, it justifies pushing new molecule that has same functionality but is covered with different patents. FDA approves typically less than new 30 NCE:s per year. Some are classified as NCE:s just for administrative purposes. To have realistic 3D technology you need to have 3 things: 1. Stereopsis - different image for both eyes. 2. Accommodation - ability of eye lense to focus on different distances. 3. vergence - eyes rotate slightly inward or outward so that the projection of an image is always in the center of both retinas Modern 3d technology (movies, VR) provides only sereopsis without accommodation or vergence and vergence-accommodation conflict can cause headaches. You also notice that if you look at different part of the screen from where the movie camera is focused on, the image is blurry. Conventional lens-screen technology (like Olucus Rift) can't solve these problems. You need something new like light field technology or hologram technology. This is why hundreds of millions if not several billions are needed to develop this technology. I'm not seeing any top physicists working in this program (McGuire is not one). I would be willing to bet 1000 EUR that their math and modeling does not add up, or they have skipped some details. Problem with fusion research like this is that the closer you get self sustainment or energy generation, the harder it gets and problems pile up. This project looks like many other similar projects that have gone bust. They start by solving the easiest problems first, get some funding and hit the wall. The main problem with any reactor design is how to handle the 14 MeV neutrons produced by the fusion reaction (no mention in the article). They tend to damage the reactor and make it economically unfeasible. At this point being able to create fusion reaction is not the main challenge. It's the sustainment and economics of limiting the damage. If they really have solved all the problems and demonstrate economically sound fusion in 5-10 years, they will be handed Nobel price in physics for sure. >How much dangerous are the neutrons from such device? Fusion neutron (14 MeV) from fusion reactor is exactly as energetic as fusion neutron emitted by a neutron bomb and causes equal damage (just distributed over longer time). They have 10x as much energy as fission neutrons and travel at speed of 52,000 km/s (17.3% of the speed of light). Neutron capture before they hit and damage magnets, electronics or wear out materials is important part of the fusion reactor design. Photons have both spin angular momentum (SAM) and orbital angular momentum (OAM). OAM was found theoretically by L. Allen et al. in 1992. What if the the space is full of efficient OAM encoded radio transmissions from alien civilizations and we are just getting close to discovery? They discuss it in page 13. It seems that you can do so for small set of angular momentum modes. This years Nobel price in Economics was given to Jean Tirole whose field this is. http://www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/economic-sciences/lau... Industrial organization is very interesting and important field to follow even if you are a layman interested in game theory, mechanism design and implementation theory. Market structure is big important part of efficiently working free markets. Good point. Industrialization in 19th and 20th centuries caused suffering in the transition period (1st industrial revolution resulted decrease in average height and drop in expected lifespan in Britain) and the public was able to fully enjoy the benefits of the industrialization only after massive political struggle that included violence (revolutions, unions, strikes, assassinations). The end result was society with new laws and new systems for wealth distribution. Did living standards improve during the Industrial Revolution? http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2013/09/economic... If we look into history for cues, industrialization should be seen as two step process: 1. New technology brings new opportunities and makes economy more efficient. It also changes power structures in the society and creates massive imbalances. 2. Dramatic technological changes are followed with equally dramatic changes in society that either happen trough political struggle or violence. Funny and informative at the same time. User-perceived characters are not graphemes, they are grapheme clusters. You can look at unicode stings in at least four different levels of abstraction: bytes, code points, code units and grapheme clusters. Only advantage UTF-32 has over others is that allcode units fit into single code point (atleast I think so) If you want a vector where each user-perceived character and whitespace matches one element in the vector, probably the easiest way is to create vector where each element is short unicode string that matches grapheme cluster. Yes. Thank you. Things that don't necessarily fit into single UTF-32 code unit: combining character sequence and grapheme cluster. What is the general lesson we should learn from this? Postel's law aka robustness principle [1] can easily lead into accumulating complexity when implementations adapt to the bugs in other implementations. How could protocol designers mitigate this problem beforehand? [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robustness_principle Too much dandelion soup? Typical Buffet deal. 1) >Interbrand estimated that the brand value of Duracell stood at $4.9 billion 2) >Duracell maintains over 25% of the global battery market share. Duracell has both brand and volume advantage over competitors in battery business. Warren Buffett coined the term economic moat to describe the advantages companies like Duracell have. >INVESTOPEDIA EXPLAINS 'Economic Moat' >The wider the moat, the larger and more sustainable the competitive advantage. By having a well-known brand name, pricing power and a large portion of market demand, a company with a wide moat possesses characteristics that act as barriers against other companies wanting to enter into the industry. N1 is their product. They just use contract manufacturers just like Apple does. They are also hiring new people for tablet development. Nokia only sold their phone manufacturing and design to Microsoft. Nokia is Nokia Networks, Mobile Broadband- and Global Services, Nokia HERE ja Nokia Technologies (previously Nokia Research). They also own the patents (just licensed to Microsoft) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category_theory Folding lattice fins are old technology. Soviet N1 rocket had them. Russians have used them in ballistic missiles and air-to-air missiles since 70s. Should they have smaller quota for smaller boards? If the change of selecting woman or man would be totally equal, 11-18% of company boards with 5-8 members would fail this criteria. Where is the line between discrimination and unconscious prejudice and should we treat them differently? For example, it seems that height is as important as race or gender as a determinant of wages and leadership roles. http://www.slate.com/articles/arts/everyday_economics/2002/0... http://gladwell.com/blink/why-do-we-love-tall-men/ >In the U.S. population, about 14.5 percent of all men are six feet or over. Among CEOs of Fortune 500 companies, that number is 58 percent. Variable capture in CL can be avoided with few helpful macros. (defmacro WITH-GENSYMS (syms &body body) `(let ,(loop for s in syms collect `(,s (gensym))) ,@body)) (defmacro WITH-UNIQUE-NAMES (vars &body body) `(let ,(loop for var in vars collect `(,var (make-symbol ,(symbol-name var)))) ,@body)) (defmacro REBINDING (vars &body body) (loop for var in vars for name = (make-symbol (symbol-name var)) collect `(,name ,var) into renames collect ``(,,var ,,name) into temps finally (return `(let ,renames (with-unique-names ,vars `(let (,,@temps) ,,@body)))))) (defmacro ONCE-ONLY ((&rest names) &body body) (let ((gensyms (loop for n in names collect (gensym)))) `(let (,@(loop for g in gensyms collect `(,g (gensym)))) `(let (,,@(loop for g in gensyms for n in names collect ``(,,g ,,n))) ,(let (,@(loop for n in names for g in gensyms collect `(,n ,g))) ,@body))))) edit: added once-only It's not specially related to overfitting. It's just general property of abstraction process (overfitting can be thought as over-abstraction). Financial accounting can be thought as system that tries to make it easy to differentiate between irregularities and normal operation from few summary documents. The summary documents like balance sheets are abstractions of the original records and you can normally detect financial problems easily using them. But if you have intelligent adversary within the accounting process that tries to forge the result, you must look into the original records and go trough them to find forgery. Alternative to Ada is often writing Ada in some other language more painfully :( I think it's sad that companies move to restricted C/C++ subset just because there are more people with C/C++ in their resume. 1. The JSF air vehicle C++ coding standards http://www.stroustrup.com/JSF-AV-rules.pdf 2. MISRA-C:2004 Guidelines for the use of the C language in critical systems http://caxapa.ru/thumbs/468328/misra-c-2004.pdf 3. MISRA C++:2008 Guidelines for the use of the C++ language in critical systems http://frey.notk.org/books/MISRA-Cpp-2008.pdf http://www.faqs.org/patents/assignee/magic-leap-inc/ Causal discovery has been research subject in statistics and machine learning for years. See, for example: Causation, Prediction, and Search by Spirtes, Glymour and Scheines (1993) https://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs.cmu.edu/project/learn-43/lib/p... Computation, Causation, & Discovery (1999), edited by C. Glymour and G. Cooper, MIT Press Being defensive is very crippling. It's hard to concentrate, you may feel angry, inpatient or suddenly tired and mind wanders away. Reading speed and comprehension slows down. On the other hand, being aware and honest of your emotions and how they affect your thinking is important critical thinking skill. When you can realize your defensive attitude you can usually overcome it with effort. If I remember correctly, high IQ people have less cognitive biases that affect formal reasoning, but high IQ don't reduce biases that distort the ability to question one’s own judgment. Ability to reflect own decisions is correlated with dispositions like "active open-mindedness." Hopefully someday, model checkers and proof assistants can help mathematicians to put these monster proofs into format that can be verified with computer. >Using aggregate numbers, of the exceedingly small proportion of the world’s foreign communications we access, NSA algorithms filter out approximately 99.998 percent of the data it sees. Keeping 0.002% seems like just little bit of data, but is it? 79% of the Internet traffic is video. If you filter out almost all video content and other uninteresting transfer to everyone (50 companies deliver more than half of all Internet traffic), I think you can retain all metadata and all or most unique text based communications. Speech to text filter can keep metadata and at least huge number of keywords from all phone conversations. Theravada Buddhist monks follow the rule of not eating after midday. Some cheat by drinking lots of juice. August 6: bombing of Hiroshima August 7: 1. Japanese nuclear scientists determine that the bomb was indeed nuclear device. 2. Imperial Navy estimates that US has only one or two more bombs and Japan could endure the attacks. August 9: 1. bombing of Nagasaki 2. USSR declares war to Japan & Manchurian Strategic Offensive started. 3. Hirohito worried because USSR declared war and held an Imperial conference that authorized minister Tōgō to surrender with only one condition: status of the Emperor must be preserved. August 15: Japan Surrenders Even after Hirohito made the personal decision to surrender, the intention was to continue the war if the kokutai (Imperial institution and national polity) would not be preserved. Another misconception is that it's impossible to launch nukes without nuclear launch codes U.S president carries with him. The president's emergency satchel (nuclear football) or cold codes (plastic card called the biscuit) contain codes to identify the president and __authorize__ nuclear attack. They are codes for authorization. They don't contain codes that are needed to execute the attack. There is also two-man rule in place. Secretary of Defense must confirm the authorization. Krugman loves science fiction. He said that he wanted to stydy psycohistory described in the Foundation series, but chose economics because it was the closest thing you can actually study. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychohistory_%28fictional%29 Usually good books travel from English speaking world to other languages as translations. One of the masterpieces that has gone the opposite direction is: Mathematics: Its Content, Methods and Meaning (three volumes bound as one) by A. D. Aleksandrov, A. N. Kolmogorov, M. A. Lavrent'ev (18 authors total) http://www.amazon.com/Mathematics-Content-Methods-Meaning-Do... This book is really good companion for autodidacts. It's basically overview of mathematics. http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/31/nsa-top-secret-... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XKeyscore That's why I said it's good companion. The book covers too much to be thorough. Each chapter gives good introduction to the subject matter and ends with list of suggested reading. I always read the relevant parts from this book before going deeper. Not everyone is going to dwell into non-euclidean geometry, functional analysis and topology. Furthermore, I don't think typical self studying engineer in Hacker News wants to learn math using rigorous introduction to analysis. You can get good working knowledge and intuition without knowing what delta epsilon is. While this is nice academic view. As a Lisp programmer, the Power of Lisp comes from being big ball of mud, see: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_ball_of_mud#In_programming... . Usable and efficient Common Lisp implementation can be build from just ~25 primitives (more than core LISP but still very elegant). Elegant derivation of Lisp world does not matter when the atoms and the molecules can't be distinguished. Is the object system and meta-object protocol implemented as primitives by people who designed the Lisp implementation, or is it external library? Who cares. Only performance and correct function matter. More like passive towed decoy system than jammer. Moth equivalent of AN/ALE-50. 30% of the heating value of hydrogen is wasted for liquefaction. Methodological flexibility in statistical modeling has gone trough the roof. New tools and estimation methods make Bayesian methods easy to use: Jags and Stan, Hamiltonian Monte Carlo, the variational Bayesian approximations, expectation propagation and even probabilistic programming (note: Bayesian in this context does not mean subjectivity. It's the ability to quantify uncertainty in the results and increased flexibility in the modeling). New methods and tools are faster to use and give better results, but they require more statistical knowledge. If the scientist applying these methods or peer review can't understand the advances, it's all for nothing. Many sciences are methodologically very conservative to the extent that it holds the science back. How do you increase the statistical knowledge of the field so much that peer review and researchers can be expected to understand and use the new methods if they can't be trusted with p-value? > around the world and turned it into Empire. I would argue the opposite. Wars have eroded US global power. Iran was the biggest regional winner in the Iraq war, Saudi Arabia the biggest loser. US has weakened its position in the Middle East and Eurasia. Saudis are dealing with China more openly and Turkey is more independent. Even Germany is now more openly pushing it's own agenda in relation to Russia. >Obama has attacked no less than seven different countries in undeclared wars. International laws have changed a lot since WWII. Formal declarations of war (using the text 'declaration of war' in the bill) are not used anymore. There is no need to declare war if the war has UN authorization. If a country goes into war without UN authorization they can't do formal declaration without violating UN charter they have ratified. If you look at the wars US has been involved since 2001, they are either wars authorized with UN resolution and funded by Congress or they are 'military engagements' authorized by Congress. >“At Berkshire, we can — without incurring taxes or much in the way of other costs — move huge sums from businesses that have limited opportunities for incremental investment to other sectors with greater promise This accounts most of his overperformance over others. Insurance companies are big and steady moneymakers in Berkshire and they generate money even in downturns. This means that Buffet has money when prices are cheap. He can remove banks from the equation altogether. That alone is worth of several percentage points in profits above competition. I would like a version that has small GPS receiver and can sends SMS with location information when plugged in. It should works otherwise just like normal USB. (could be the size of USB HDD for example). JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER AIR VEHICLE C++ CODING STANDARDS http://www.stroustrup.com/JSF-AV-rules.pdf Those who don't want to use Ada are doomed to reimplement it with coding standards. You and splike both made good arguments. I just want to point out that it's possible to pick out winners better than random quess if they have advantage over others. Case in point: Warren Buffet. He is good investor who has beaten the S&P 500 decade after decade. But he is not beating the market because he makes series of good decisions. He beats the market because he has structured his business so that he has several advantages that others don't. The heart of his empire is his insurance companies. They create steady stream of cash even in the bad times when company valuations are low. Buffet don't have to loan money when he finds good investment or sell his other assets when he finds good investment. This already gives him severals percentage points advantage over others and that advantage compounds over decades. Also, he is in the position where he don't have to play martingale strategy [1] to please investors, because he and his friends own so many shares in the company (he is not in the payroll, he is in the charge). [1] The real cause of the financial crisis - An MIT Blackjack Team perspective by Semyon Dukach http://semyondukach.blogspot.com/2009/01/real-cause-of-finan... This is fairly obvious once you think it trough and one of the few things were majority of academic economists agree. Houses are not build to stand empty[1]. The number of houses available and the income level determine the prices. Even if you build luxury apartments, the end result is more affordable houses available to people with low income after the chain reaction where people move up to better housing ends. [1]: If this happens in some market conditions, raising property taxes to empty apartments works miracles. related matter: 1. Negativity or skepticism against announcements related hacking or engineering projects is not beneficial unless it's very detailed or insightful. If you don't like it, move on. Don't give your two cents if it's critique. 2. Negativity or skepticism against announcements related to science should be default (unless they come from top notch publications like Nature or Science). The quality of science news and press releases related to science is abysmal. People consume science hype almost like religious people listen sermons about heaven and don't even realize it. Popularized science posted in HN is 99% rubbish. You can figure out statistical structure of natural images (or just faces) and derive efficient representations with similar properties as to those observed in the visual system of the brain. See for example: Natural Image Statistics — A probabilistic approach to early computational vision https://www.cs.helsinki.fi/u/ahyvarin/natimgsx/ Probabilistic programming is way to increase flexibility of statisticall modelling. You only write the code that generates data and give statistical model and possibly some parameters to fix approximations used in estimation and get out model from that. For example, Stan-language supports MCMC modelling using Hamiltonian dynamics. http://mc-stan.org/ Just look at the KPCB office locations: Menlo Park, San Francisco, Beijing, Shanghai. You need to adjust for market size, competition and GDP growth. US at dot.com peak was already very competitive market. Chinese technology sector and markets are still undeveloped. Even decreasing GDP growth is almost double what US growth was during the bubble. This increases profit potential. This is interactive artistic illustration for story telling, not visualization. Formula One drivers usually experience 5 g while braking, 2 g while accelerating, and 4 to 6 g while cornering. Anyone who has critical opinion of current system should first study enough to pass "Turing test for mainstream monetary economics and monetary policy" (test where you try to fake others that you are economist who understands prevailing monetary theory and defends the policy). For example, to know how economists think about general equilibrium theory of credit. There is huge knowledge cap between economists and policy makers and journalists and population. Who here in HN thinks they could pass the test If I were to administer one? For example questions related to macro- and microeconomic determinants of the demand for money, Baumol–Tobin transactions demand for money, portfolio selection, demand function stability, quantity theory, general equilibrium framework for money, yield curve, interest parity, AA–DD paradigm, etc. I feel that at least I know enough economics to know that I don't have simple technical solution (bitcoin, gold, what have you). Yes, but you should expect that economists who differ understand the rationale behind different approaches. At least everyone should have understanding of classical form of monetarism before they start to depart from it. >utility is an ordinal quantity, not a cardinal one. Rational choice theory assumes only complete partial ordering, transitivity and that irrelevant alternatives are independent. If preferences have continuous representation, utility function can be continuous, otherwise they are not (but can sometimes be modeled as continuous), >It assumes utility exists and humans behave accordingly. I think you are implicitly adding too much meaning into economic definitions of preference and utility. Economic definition of utility and preference assume very little. As long as people are forced to make decisions where they select one option over other you can infer underlying utilities. Common Lisp hits some kind of sweet spot for developing very specialized software. If you think you need to build huge specialized software framework or special programming language from ground up to start solving the problem, you might need Common Lisp. Common Lisp is very programmable language that can still deliver decent speed. http://www.lispworks.com/success-stories/index.html http://franz.com/success/ This is also the experience of experienced meditators in awareness type of meditation (mindfulness, vipasssana, shikantaza, silent illumination). If you keep the focus in current moment prolonged periods of time, it's equivalent of "temporal zooming". Somewhere near 20-25 ms (40hz) is the "time resolution limit". In the limit sensations – thoughts are also considered sensations – come in as separate units and you experience the content of consciousness as very fast "flickering". There are units in higher resolution too, but they can be divided into these nuggets. Concentrative type meditation (deep samadhi states, jahnas) is somewhat different experience because it shuts down most sensations. “Genius is 2 per cent inspiration and 98 per cent perspiration.” ― Edison, http://quoteinvestigator.com/2012/12/14/genius-ratio/ Yes. This probably the best meditation book for secular beginners. Note that Noether's theorem does not apply to the universe as a whole. Expanding universe is not invariant under shifts in time. Energy is not conserved in expanding universe. https://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/1m43o0/if_noeth... http://www.preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2010/02/22/energy-i... http://libgen.in/scimag/?s=10.1038/nature14539 Maybe you are not old enough? This film is pure concentrated 80's cheekiness and really takes you back. If you were do destroy bad 80's popular culture and keep only 30 minutes of it for reference, this would be it. Of course it does not work alone for many, because everything in it is reference back to the 80's. It's very well done. I got 80's flashback from just those tracking errors in the beginning of the tape alone (funny how associative memory works). deeper analysis: https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/37mw8y/kung_fury_ha... Engines buried in the wings was first and foremost aerodynamic problem. Today we know that intakes must be kept from messing with the airflow above the wing where most of the lift is generated. Roughly 80% of the lift is generated above the wing in typical aircraft. Angle of attack is part of it and not a counterargument. As the angle of attack is increases, the point of minimum pressure moves forward and the size of the adverse pressure gradient increases. btw. In most most airfoils zero angle of attack and zero lift axis differ. The wing generates lift even without the angle of attack. Chambered wings are exception to this. > The result is to provide memory elements as black box library components, defined and tested in a different, lower-level, language. But at the interface the two levels of abstraction are reconciled and composition can occur. I feel the same way. Uniqueness typing can work as the clue between component and upper lever abstraction. They have certainly made mistakes in the past (health clinics move people 50 miles to receive treatment for AIDS and send them back to die for diarrhea because their focus is too narrow). The question I'm interested in is if they have improved and learned. The problem is that there is not enough information for outsiders to analyze them and scrutinize the result. Gates may spend his money inefficiently because he can't get the data he needs. They should use open data and be open to criticism to improve. If somebody wants to kill air travelers, TSA screening checkpoint line is the most attractive target. Just fill big suitcase with explosives and wait until you are middle of the TSA screening line during holiday season. This is very limited symbol type. They might have named them keywords instead. It's just interned string with a new type. (It's like Common Lisp symbols limited inside the keyword package) If that's so important why has nobody done it? CL is programmable programming language. It would take less than a hour to separate those core 25+ symbols in Common Lisp into core package and then separate other symbols into other packages. Common Lisp has less than 1000 symbols. NSA adopted two man rule for system administration only after Snowden leaks. Before Snowden anyone with similar access as Snowden could have copied the same data. What is the probability that at least one guy with same access as Snowden spied for China or Russia? I would say close to 1.0. Most successful North European countries can implement basic income in cost neutral way. For example, in Finland 560 EUR basic income would not increase overall taxation. Inflation without specifier means rise in the price level. If you mean monetary inflation, call it monetary inflation. Bitcoin is deflationary (as negative inflation) in the first sense and this is the deflation yanisv is talking about. This is bullshit. I have always felt that Postel's Maxim combined with network effect leads to complications in long term while it promotes interoperability in the short term. It's game theoretically successful strategy to get your implementation to work with everyone. When you accept sloppy input, this allows sloppy implementations to become popular. Eventually de facto protocol becomes unnecessarily complicated and you need to understand quirks in popular implementations. Intresting note: Nordic countries (Finland, Norway) and Swizerland rank very high in gun ownership among OECD countries. http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/Crime/Gun-own... >wildlife is dangerous LOL no. We have lots of guns because we hunt. Oberon had so many good ideas. It's still worth studying. The problem in the 90's: provide executable content across the net for browsers. Java was supposed to provide the portable universal binary code you could load and execute everywhere, except that it did not have the necessary features and was too complicated. Then came Javascript but it was broken mess for long time and needs binary format. There was Juice back in 1997 http://www.modulaware.com/mdlt69.htm . Ligthing fast single pass compiler that works with AST and gives constant-time type and well-formedness checking portably over the net. If WebAssembly is ready in 2017, we can finally have the portable binary with the same set of features as Juice 20 years later. Instead of Oberon system, we have browser in the client and node.js in the server throwing WebAssembly around. It's like déjà vu all over again. Great powers often decline from inside-out. It's reasons outside them just assist the process. Most empires do not truly collapse. They just decline and change into something else, often parts of other empires. British Empire is now small part of power structure in its ex-colony. If you join British Empire and American hegemony together, get 400 years of expanding Anglo-Saxon culture with internal power shifts (like different dynasties in China). In the "The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers", Kennedy argues that all Western powers in last 500 years are drawn into strategic entanglements that force them to spend more of their GDP on defense. This leads to domestic underinvestment. First the great power experiences relative economic decline, then its rivals start to challenge it. Then wars bankrupt it. Guy Fawkes ­­- he was tortured and gave up his his true identity, the plot and his conspirators. Giles Corey was not tortured for information. Neither was Rebecca West. This is interesting cultural phenomena. First there was laugh tracks in sitcoms. Then Japanese started to add those small reaction screens in the upper corners of the TV-competitions. Now it has taken over the world. Shows like MythBusters turned into collection to extended reaction shots to stuff that happens repeated over and over. You can see SpaceX having employees arranged to react and cheer and film crews filming the reactions half of the time. We are spoon-fed with cues on how to react and reaction pics and interviews of people telling how amazing it and hyping it up has taken over. Some people can find it draining, but I think there is good reasons why it's done. Competition for attention is fierce. Yet, it's easier to predict the future value of any contract in fiat currency governed by central bank than it's to predict it's value in gold standard. 1. Iran is now geopolitically stronger than it was before Iraq and Afghan wars. It won just by giving only minimal assistance to it's allies. Iraq is now Iran's ally. 2. Other countries are moving ahead. Approximately 10% of China's oil imports are from Iran. 11% of of India's oil comes from Iran. Iran is selling long term exclusive rights to China. There is zero reason to believe that human level mathematical creativity is computationally significantly more expensive than normal day to day thinking. Roughly 80% of data scientists I know have PhD in something very math heavy. Rest have masters degrees. There are programmers who can assist them doing the grunt work but it's just basic programming to assist analysts to crunch data. If you want to do data science for real: 1. Get Masters of PhD from statistics, computer science, economics, physics or some other heavy field and specialize data analysis in that field. You must learn lots of statistics when doing so. 2. Learn programming, statistical machine learning and tools of the trade. Good data science is not based on collecting large amounts of data passively and then mining it mindlessly. You need to ask right questions and design data collection and modeling process based on those questions. Gmail team should fix the problem before Linus writes a email software that takes over the world :) Maybe future cars have steering wheel stored away in the same way Spare tire is out of way. If things go totally bonkers in the middle of nowhere, you stop, install small steering wheel and drive manually. There are predictive short term patterns, but once the knowledge of the patterns spreads, they start to disappear. There is also constant change in long term patterns because the world outside financial market changes unexpected ways. Financial markets are self reflecting system where people who invest are inside the the system and change it. If you discover pattern that makes money, you must keep it secret and establish firm that tries to exploit it. If you are successful, others notice it and start to analyze your game and the edge starts to disappear. You may use machine learning to discover constantly new patterns but that does not change the situation, because others also use machine learning to detect new patterns. Portfolio managers seeking high alpha are often poker players, because Poker and alpha seeking are very similar games. >But banks also employ technical analysts No they don't. Technical analysis is to professional trading what astrology is to astronomy and big banks don't use them. Those books are snake oil sold to hobbyists and small time traders. Large banks, investment management firms use completely different statistical methods. Crucial detail left out: Even after these drops SHSZ300 and .SSEC are still valued almost 2X from what they were year ago. This is crazy within a year bubble that is bursting. There will be several 8% drops until markets have retreated just one year. Without deadline there will never be need to compromise. You can keep thinking about it year after year and seek perfection that is The Hundred-Year Language. http://www.paulgraham.com/hundred.html Deep learning (or deep machine learning) methods are representation-learning methods with multiple levels of representations. If 32TB table size limit and degrading performance worries you, I suggest that you delve into Postgress documentation and discover table partitioning. (you can partition table into chunks that are together larger than 32TB) How to create hyperinflation in two easy steps: 1. Build massive external debt in _foreigin_ currency. 2. Have fixed exchange rate. Its very hard to create hyperinflation using bad fiscal policy alone if you are not in debt in foreign currency and have floating exchange rates. Floating currency will balance exports and imports and printing money to pay debt in your own currency works. Gold and cryptocurrencies work just like using the currency from some other country. Their exchange value don't reflect the economy that is using it and country can't have independent monetary policy. >CT itself, is that the standard texts don't seem to really have many results. Oh man. If you like math, CT gives nice mathematical definitions for stuff. I would love to use my algebra skills to do general programming like I can use my linear algebra knowledge in numerical programming. I'm making bold claim that I hope someone can debunk with awesome counterexamples: "CT HAS ZERO APPLICABILITY IN PROGRAMMING" Using CT to Linear algebra analogy: CT in programming is like learning definitions of vector spaces, subspaces, span, and basis and stopping there. No CT equivalent for solving linear systems, linear transformations, least-squares or eigenvalues. Just because you have rooted programming in cool algebraic notation does not mean anything in itself. How can one write a story about Gracie jiu-jitsu without mentioning Kazushi Sakuraba? >It could be argued that once a person learns these concepts they are given a better means of reasoning about programs than other languages, This was my challenge. Give concrete examples where you reason about programs better while programming because of the category theory. People have been arguing this for years without any concrete examples. I'm a math person and I would really like to use category theory and mathematical intuition when programming. I argue that there is very little usable structure for reasoning for the programmers after the definitions. There is no buildup of structure that is common when mathematics is used effectively. The gain from math is very small or nonexistent. >If I didn't know that neural nets worked, and someone explained the idea, I'd strongly expect them to get stuck in local minima This has been the general consensus (based on intuition) until recently. It turns out that it's not as big problem as tought. Almost all local minima have very similar error values. The bigger issue is combinatorially large number of saddle points where gradient becomes zero with very few downward curving directions. Saddle-free Newton method is one way around that. Open Problem: The landscape of the loss surfaces of multilayer networks, Choromanska, LeCun, Arous http://jmlr.org/proceedings/papers/v40/Choromanska15.pdf I think he means that mathematical objects are pure structure without substance. They are defined only in relation to other objects and there is no deeper meaning. >MAC-then-encrypt [0], which is no good. He must have red Practical Cryptography from Ferguson and Schneier. In any case, it's not big issue. Encrypt-then-MAC is easier to get wrong. Surprisingly accurate list. Especially: 7. No one cares how you did it 9. Presentation is key If you think academia has problem with unreproducible research, you should work in private sector consulting for some time. If you can use data science to make your customers to do random walk in the space of doing their business and they reverse the negative changes after some time, it shows in the bottom line after a while. Imagine what it would be if you had lived little bit intoxicated for whole of your life. Then you would start sobering up. You would notice more awareness, more focus, clarity and possibly well being. Rest of the world would seem less confusing. Questioning the assumption that your normal wakeful mental state is the ultimate 'being alive and conscious' what your brain can do might be the first step. If you persist, eventually you see meditation same way as brushing your teeth. It's important part of maintaining your mental hygiene. 256 bit hash collisions have so low probability that you don't need to prepare for them. If one happens, its cause for celebration. You can cover earth surface with 8.5×10^36 oxygen atoms. Imagine that every one of them is IPFS file with 256 bit hash. Probability of collision is still less than 0.1%. If economy grows 3% per year and efficiency gains are 3% per year, energy consumption does not grow until we hit the floor where increasing energy efficiency takes too big investments. In practice demand and size of the markets limit potential for growth more than physical limits. Population is important factor both in supply and demand. Even if automation increases, people as the source of demand are important. Investing into microprocessor plant that supplies 10 billion people has different risk and profitability than building similar plant to supply demand from 5 billion. What I suspect is true but obviously can't prove: Person with completely healthy brain at age 200 would not be well functioning human being in the society. When we grow we gain experience. That experience shows as habits, perceptions, attitudes and thought trains that makes functioning in the society easy. We learn to see the world trough the past experience. All this turns from asset to liability when society where you live changes beyond the global parameters our cognition settles into. In other words: Our 'mental posture at large' is path dependent and it gradually settles into some state and becomes less malleable over the years. We can still learn new things and change our thinking, but internalizing the changes becomes increasingly harder in the core level. We don't even want to try to change certain notions because our identity is tied to our 'core beliefs'. Society where people (especially rich and powerful people) would live 200s would be some kind of dystopia of geriatric thinking. Young wold have to kill the old or stage revolutions from time to time. Locality in in quantum theory confuses the proverbial journalist because meaning of locality is different from the intuitive understanding of the word. Two entangled particles light years apart share state. Physicists can still say that principle of locality is not violated because definition of locality in physics is does not include quantum state. Quantum states have no location. Quantum correlations are non-local. As long as this is excluded from definition of locality everything is fine. Information transfer and energy transfer follows principle of locality strictly. Explanation from Henk Barendregt (logician and Vipassana teacher) http://www.cs.ru.nl/~henk/BP/bp1.html --- 1.7 Explaining apparent contradictions Now we will explain how contradictions, which happen to occur in some buddhist texts, are possible. Suppose some part of reality U is described using some language L. Some of the regularities observed in L are in fact physical laws, but may be confused with logical laws. If we extend the reality U to U+, but keep as the describing language L, then statements may result that contradict statements made about U. Although the contradictions are only apparent, because the statements are about different `worlds', it may seem that logical laws are violated. An example will be helpful. Consider a tribe living on an isolated island. Vision of the tribesman is such that they can only see the colors black and white. In their description of the world they say: ``Something is either black or white." Although we know that this is for them in fact an empirical law, the people of the island are tempted to consider this as a logical law. Sometimes they use the words `white' and `non-black' interchangeably. On some day someone has a mystical experience. In our language we can say that that person has seen the color green. In the language of the tribe she says: ``I have seen something very impressive. It was neither black nor white." For most of the people of her tribe she was saying: ``It was neither black, nor non-black." Therefore on the island one may think she is speaking nonsense. However, we know that she is not. There are, however, stronger contradictions. In his book Exploring Mysticism already mentioned, F. Staal discusses the following so called `tetra lemma' occurring in buddhist texts. It is not A; it is not non-A; it is both A and non-A; and it is neither A nor non-A. Even this contradiction may be explained. Simply consider again the tribe seeing only black and white. But now our mystic sees the color gray. Indeed gray is not white, not black. And it can be said that gray is both white and black. But also that it is neither white nor black. I hope that the examples show that contradictions occurring in texts of mystics are not a sign that something essential is wrong. Nevertheless it is preferable that descriptions of altered states of consciousness are free from contradictions in the sense of logic. I will try to fulfill this requirement in sections 2 and 3. --- Personal note: this "Buddhist logic" is useful in the context of phenomenology and how to communicate certain fundamental changes in viewpoint that come from meditation. It's not new better way to think. Quantum state is not local hidden variable. It's non-local. Current cream of the crop: IBM System z is EAL5 rated (Semiformally Designed and Tested) Integrity-178B is EAL6 rated (Semiformally Verified Design and Tested). It's used in aviation systems: Airbus A380, F-16, F-22, F-35 and B-2. Currently the only EAL7+ rated (Formally Verified Design and Tested) devices are data diodes. Maybe seL4 can be first OS to get this rating? Hanging 3 kg weight with neck muscles all day kills the neck. I made interesting observation in the work few months ago. All tall people (> 1.8 m) tend to use monitors and keyboards every time they have opportunity. Smaller people are more comfortable using laptops in the office. Tall people have to bend their head downwards more and they have to give up terrible ergonomic position first. >I actually wish they would show some blind spots of collectivist liberal anarchists The obvious blind spot is the problem caused by politicization of everyday life. Faceless authority where your value is determined by market forces and laws that come far above you may feel problematic because it's faceless and impersonal. Impersonality is also benefit. When you do your job and go home, you don't have to suck up for the boss in free time and he don't care what your political views are. In small democratic organization you have a face. The good thing is that you have a voice and can participate more. The bad thing is that you have a face. Your political opinions and your personal relationships and personality is part of the game. Your professional life is in the hands of your peers and the cliques that organically form. See also: http://www.jofreeman.com/joreen/tyranny.htm Don't even have to be encrypted. Just compressing the data makes it hard to separate from noise. Turbo Codes and LDPCs used to transmit data over noisy channels (like NASA uses in deep space satellite communications or UMTS and LTE networks) look just like noise. I don't think Seti or astronomers have ever tried to analyze noise for some alien codec that might be transmitting. This is related to things that people like Robert Axelrod have been studying. It's innovation vs imitation dilemma in social learning and evolutionary game theory. Science. 2010 Apr 9;328(5975):208-13. doi: 10.1126/science.1184719. Why copy others? Insights from the social learning strategies tournament. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20378813 Related xkcd http://xkcd.com/1170/ As a citizen of EU country I'm grateful. If Snowden is committing crime, it's political crime. There are more important concerns and loyalties than those we have for individual countries. If he is revealing how US spies friendly nations, he is serving greater good. His document leak to journalists seem to avoid information of NSA spying Russia or China. 140 is like two rows of text and it's just perfect if it's only text. Anything more breaks the haiku-like format. It's the urls and handles that need more space. Remove one url and 4-5 handles from the character count and it's perfect. Economics is usually more important factor than science. Science provides possibilities, economics selects those possibilities that are realized. Instead of building those sci-fi space stations and exploring plants that has been scientific possibility for decades, we have realized and exceeded our sci-fi dreams in computers, internet and mobile phones. If billion people spend $10 per month on something, there is economic incentive to spend billions in technological research. BRUTE FORCE MODELING OF THE KESSLER SYNDROME, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory http://www.amostech.com/TechnicalPapers/2012/Orbital_Debris/... Interesting paper where supercomputer was used to simulate the increase of particles greater than 10 cm in size over 100 years with high temporal resolution. Results for BAU (business and usual) and BAU-d business as usual with decreasing breakup rate don't look so good: "linear growth of the catalog size with time, to ~65,000 objects by year 2100." 100 years from now there will be 50 conjunctions per day and 3 collisions per year. Conjunction is close approach between two orbiting objects. Satellites may have to execute collision avoidance maneuvers and burn expensive fuel resources if the predicted trajectory brings debris too close for comfort. Open source/free software philosophy is solution oriented. Successful open source project serves immediate needs and revolves around implementation. If you have a problem, you write code that solves the problem and give it to others to use. Software should be at least minimally usable to be adopted. It should work with other software. Look at the software in Alan Kay's VPRI: http://www.vpri.org/ They don't write software for you to use. They build software to use as platform to test ideas. If some of those ideas is good, someone may rewrite the whole thing to fit into current software infrastructure. "And you're right: we were not out to win over the Lisp programmers; we were after the C++ programmers. We managed to drag a lot of them about halfway to Lisp. Aren't you happy?" -- Guy Steele - Sun Microsystems Labs (about Java) source: http://www.ai.mit.edu/~gregs/ll1-discuss-archive-html/msg040... Hearing voices in itself is not a symptom of an illness. Even in our culture some people cope really well with hearing voices. For example lonely old people may feel that they have company when they hear voices. Some facts: http://www.intervoiceonline.org/about-voices/essential-facts Biggest problem with analyzing terrorism is in the definition. Classifying both Hezbollah and al-Qaeda as terrorist groups means that you have spread the definition for any group that may have bombed civilians at some time or another. I would claim that Hezbollah is much more than terrorist group. Their success or failure does not depend on terrorism. Second bias might be exclusion of successful terrorism that is later legitimized. For example, are IZL and Stern Gang included? I would say that they were highly successful. How about Stalin and early communists in Russia? If terrorists have enough support and are successful early, terrorism turns into ethnic cleansing and/or revolution and it is taken out from the list. Third problem is that terrorism seems by definition be the underdog because official or state terrorism is excluded. Many dictators use terrors successfully as tactics (kidnapping, torturing and killing civilians or relatives of their opponents) but this does not fit under terrorism. Taiwans White Terror or Augusto Pinochet used terror as tactics but it's not classified as that. My reading of the judgment is that it just throws the decision back to the national courts to decide what constitutes safe harbor. Safe Harbour agreement between US and EU streamlined the process for getting access to EU data. Now it mus be decided in national level. http://www.politico.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/schrems-ju... 5-Year, 5-Year Forward Inflation Expectation Rate and 3-Month Treasury Bill: Secondary Market Rate https://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/graph/?g=2318 5-Year Breakeven Inflation Rate https://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/T5YIE 10-Year Breakeven Inflation Rate https://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/T10YIE You spotted the weak link in this flowchart: "Could YOUR answer (or silence) be used to make it look like YOU committed a CRIME". There is no way to know. When cop comes and casually talks to you, he may not even consider you a suspect until later. If you follow the watertight route, you may never talk to police: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wXkI4t7nuc You must have constant adversary attitude towards police asking questions in every situation. In practice people never do that and usually nothing bad happens, but still... It's part of the good police work to be casual and make people feel that people are jerks if they don't cooperate. According to your description (quite controversial. .some see it as businessmen-controlled .. while others see it as a left-controlled organization ...a lot of people were not happy) Tunisian National Dialogue Quartet has all the attributes of organization representing the values of pluralistic democracy. It makes everyone equally unhappy while avoiding violence in decision making. Why you find it disturbing that someone wants to pay for OS support? solu = cell (in Finnish). http://cr.yp.to/im2000.html Internet Mail 2000 IM2000 is a project to design a new Internet mail infrastructure around the following concept: Mail storage is the sender's responsibility. Spammers using botnets could not use hit and run tactics. Spammer would need reliable server that stays up long time and receive requests. One way to fight spam would be to actually retrieve it and throw it into trash. It would be equal to DOS-attack. There would be more time to determine if the message is spam. If enough people mark it as spam and site is blacklisted or taken down, spam would be removed from everyone. That's why AGPL + Multi-licensing is so good idea. If you have hangups against AGPL, you can pay money and get commercial license. Because it doesn’t add anything into the discussion. If the test can't differentiate between QM interpretations, assuming some specific hypothetical interpretation is useless. Apple, Amazon, Google, Facebook, Berkshire Hathaway, FedEx, News Corp, Oracle, Microsoft under Gates, Intel under Moore and Grove, ... It would be easier to just design better language that compiles into C++ and can use existing libraries than continue with C++. Cybernetics is more common term in the continental Europe. Anglo-Saxons use "systems theory" and it's slowly replacing cybernetics. If you want to read about cybernetic psychology and related subjects, you might want to google "systems psychology", "systems neuroscience", "systems biology" instead. Once-child policy was brutally enforced and cruel. It was also highly effective way to reduce poverty. China vs. India: GDP per capita versus fertility rate http://www.google.se/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&ct... Not just for learning lisp. This is must-read text for anyone developing interpreters or compilers development or implementing dynamic languages. I think the article is not fully exploring the economic argument. Triumph of the city/network effect argument: Networking and connectedness into other people and increasingly into computer services around the world provide more intellectual satisfaction than surviving in the desert does. Mass of humanity produces more variety when it clumps together physically. Urbanization on the earth is driven by productivity growth from cities. Immigration to distant colonies could be justified with farmland and resources in pre-industrial society and industrial society. If post-industrial society with deceasing population builds distant colonies, it wastes resources. After the thrill of interplanetary space travel wears off, Mars may have small outpost for geologists, geochemists etc. I think colonizing moon will be far more likely when technology allows it. You can have access to Earth and communication lag is acceptable. Moon colony may be economically profitable. This is why strong consumer protection laws and regulation is good. They generate set of standards for enforceable contracts and remove surprises. Underlying cause: Academic term This is wrong comparison. Wendelstein 7-X is small early experimental reactor for testing stellator geometry for reactor. Research questions are similar to where JET (the largest working tokamak today) was 30 years ago. Stellator is more complex design but promises inherently stable containment. ITER is solving different questions. ITER solves engineering problems for full-scale electricity-producing reactor that would be practical to build and operate. JET studied containment in Tokamaks. ITER is the last step before first industrial fusion reactor design DEMO (Demonstration Power Plant). There is also lots of technical overlap of course. Vacuum vessels, cooling, magnets, breeder blankets, etc. ITER is developing these for industrial-scale reactor, even for stellator. In the North America analogy Indonesia would be U.S. burning and Mexico and Canada suffering. Indonesia is 4th most populous country in the world (250 million people). Singapore and Malaysia are outmatched in population, GDP and military. slides: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0BxKBnD5y2M8NbWN6XzM5UXkwNDA... Inequality seems to reduce long term economic growth. OECD research: http://www.oecd.org/newsroom/inequality-hurts-economic-growt... IMF discussion note: http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/sdn/2014/sdn1402.pdf The Economist article based on IMF paper: http://www.economist.com/news/finance-and-economics/21597931... In the same fashion, look up the formula for the standard deviation for discrete random variable. Then look at the formula for euclidean distance. I was trying to be more explicit and look inside sd. I think it's helpful if you can make the random variable/signal/data ~ vector, values/dadatpoints ~ coordinates connection as explicit as possible. https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=ColinWright >trying real hard to stop finding and marking duplicates. I sympathize with the crusade, but maybe repetition and saying same thing differently is not entirely without value. I'm not saying you are wrong, but sometimes different angle to the same thing helps people to learn. A Country is a company metaphor is probably the most common source of misunderstandings. It's everywhere in political discussion. A company or a household is open system. A country is best modeled as a closed system with feedback loops. Classic: https://hbr.org/1996/01/a-country-is-not-a-company I thought that finally I can see example of Linus being abusive. This was not it. Linus was attacking the work and ideas and cursing them. He was not attacking the person who wrote the code. Cursing is not abusive by itself. Cursing is emotional emphasis. I would not want to work in a environment where strong emotional language used to criticize your work is considered abusive. If conflict over ideas and work does not make your blood flow, you don't care. I would feel strong negative emotions for sure. That would be fine. I want to feel emotions and be challenged. I would be extremely motivated to prove Linus wrong. If I would realize I was wrong, I would lick my wounds and be hurt. The hurt felt would be related to the amount of work and effort I would have invested. I would not claim that Linus is responsible for my emotional state. I was challenged and I lost. Identifying with your ideas is fine in moderation but taking lasting personal offense is when your ideas forcefully rejected is madness. >I'm most curious on the age / background of those in this thread who do find it hurtful and offensive. Me too. I feel that there is generational shift. For me, abusive means that someone picks you as a permanent target and treats you badly consistently. I'm completely fine with people calling me with names over some issues when it's clear that they are fighting against me over some specific issue. I'm allowed to use strong words as well. When the subjects changes, there is no hostility. That's how you know you are dealing with emotional person who is not abusing you. Picking up text fragments and analyzing one email for triggers that can be labeled as "abusive" seems so weird. I guess I feel that there is difference between "abusive language" and abusive and others don't see it. See my other comment: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10506823 I suspect that this is generational/cultural issue. Abusive is codified and differentiation between "abusive language" and actual abuse is lost from people. >This clearly is abusive language, and would not be tolerated in most professional teams, Assuming that some people can differentiate between "abusive language" and actual abuse, is it possible to have different work cultures? Some are more masculine and competitive, some are more feminine and people select the work environment they like. >Obviously, if you were the manager, you could rant like this as much as you wanted. I think you would be surprised what happens in boardrooms and how bad heated discussions between CTO or CEO can look for outsiders. I understand that if you are managing code monkeys whose lifehood is in your hands, you must behave differently because there is huge power imbalance. But workplace where everyone is competitive individual (top level corporate, professional sports teams, hacker culture) can work well with people who test each other constantly. Bitcoin without mixing is nice open ledger where everyone can follow transactions. Openness might be good or bad thing. Bitcoin with mixing is subject to many laws against money laundering (anti-smurfing laws for example). Mixing is not new innovation that came with cryptocurrency. Temperature anomaly map: http://data.giss.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/gistemp/nmaps.cgi?sat=4&ss... Btw. Increased temperature may be the underlying cause. Warmer temperature -> increased humidity -> more snow -> more ice. "Engineer" can be either degree/qualification or position. In software business there are no mandatory degrees, only positions. Person without formal education can be in "chief leading senior engineer" position if he has good personal track record. Personally I like the word programmer more than engineer. Saramo is not a paid troll (at least not directly). You could call him captured pawn for troll army. Saramo is member of Finnish-Russian (Friendship) Society and very sympathetic to Russian point of view. >I would think twice about really signing up for surveillance at second degree of separation. It's amazing how quickly this kind of advice has become a accepted reality in the west. Try to to stay small in the eyes of the government. I hope everyone understands to feel little ashamed if they do this. Also called random sample voting. http://cdd.stanford.edu/ http://rsvoting.org/ >Random-sample voting can be used locally, nationally, regionally, or even globally, with results that are more irrefutable than with current elections but at less than one-thousandth of the cost. Finnish social security already pays out handout that is comparable to proposed basic income. If basic income is implemented, poor people don't get significantly more and the basic income is taxed away from those who are wealthier. The benefit from basic income in Finland is reduced bureaucracy and welfare trap removal https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Welfare_trap It's beneficial to work even low wage job part time when your wage is not reducing your basic income. default for READ-DEFAULT-FLOAT-FORMAT is implementation dependent and can be changed by user. In CL type float has subtypes single-float, double-float, short-float, and long-float. "Any two of them must be either disjoint types or the same type; if the same type, then any other types between them in the above ordering must also be the same type. For example, if the type single-float and the type long-float are the same type, then the type double-float must be the same type also." If there is only one float representation it has to be `(typep x 'single-float)` but if the internal representation is different (double-float for example) it can be all of the types. At least this is how I understand the spec. http://clhs.lisp.se/Body/v_rd_def.htm#STread-default-float-f... http://clhs.lisp.se/Body/t_float.htm#float http://clhs.lisp.se/Body/t_short_.htm This will evoke emotions, but I would not call terrorists cowards. In fact, it's the attribute that least describes them. They usually die in the attack and going to almost certain death is not cowardly even if their targets are innocent civilians. Terrorists don't attack military personnel because terrorism as tactics does not work trough reduction of enemy manpower or material capability. It works trough terror. >He wasn't insecure. His source of confidence came from within and he didn't need anyone’s approval. You can teach management. People can learn how to become great managers. You can't build great leaders. Leadership qualities are personality qualities. All that said, I think there is something in Swedish workplace culture enables lagom leadership to succeed. When going gets tough, Swedes have 'fika'. Thinking the Way Animals Do: Unique insights from a person with a singular understanding. http://www.grandin.com/references/thinking.animals.html That could be true and manned mission can still be irrational choice. All manned missions arguments I have seen are somewhat coy in this respect. Yes, geologist can make better choices on spot and take better samples than current drones, but that's not real comparison. We should compare alternative strategies using opportunity cost. The money used for manned mission could be used for massive fleet of of drones, satellites and technical development. Missions could be more incremental and cover more areas. Self driving cars are just taking off on earth. How does advance fleet of Mars robocars and satellites mapping Mars compare to manned mission? >Here’s an opinion you might not hear much — I feel that one effective approach to addressing climate change is contributing to the development of Julia. Julia is a modern technical language, intended to replace Matlab, ... Well that was awkward transition. This is not necessarily true. There has been several Lisp dialects (3-Lisp and T project) based on infinite tower of interpreters. You can build a language where the point where the rubber of abstraction hits the road of reality is nowhere to be found. "civilised world" is kept together by midddle- and working class people. What people need is hope and predictable outcomes from their personal efforts. The Great Depression of 1929 struck America hard but Weimar Germany much harder. Incremental changes and hard work did not produce improvements. Life was uncertain and critical amount of people felt that life was unfair to them. They were ready to try stupid and unorthodox. I find it unlikely that radical and stupid ideas alone can rock liberal democracies. They are always present. What is needed is personal uncertainty and fear of the future that resonates with the society. Zhukov is one of the greatest generals of World War II. He made Stalin jealous. Outliers don't show anything. This article lacks data to actually compare these two. The comparison is between single stage Blue Origin vs. the first stage of Falcon 9. What is the difference in payload, speed and height when the reusable first stage of Falcon 9 separates compared to Blue Origin? >global inequality and poverty are growing. Global poverty has decreased dramatically (halved in 20 years). "Global income inequality peaked approximately in the 1970s when world income was distributed bimodally into "rich" and "poor" countries with little overlap. Since then inequality have been rapidly decreasing, and this trend seems to be accelerating. Income distribution is now unimodal, with most people living in middle-income countries." http://www.voxeu.org/article/parametric-estimations-world-di... http://www.worldbank.org/en/news/press-release/2013/04/17/re... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_inequality This looks like well executed deal for good reasons. Nokia and Alcatel-Lucent have little product overlap but significant customer overlap. This deal produces value for their current and future customers. Nokia bought Alcatel-Lucent cleanly. It was not merge or fusion. Some managers are kept, but Nokia is clearly in charge. I think the author means single channel and not single electrode. At least the picture suggests that there are three electrodes (one to the skull two white ear clips for ground/reference). For bipolar electrodes you need three: channel, ground and reference. For unipolar electrodes, just two. You can remove artifacts like eye and muscle movements with prepossessing, not as well as with electrodes, but still. I'm more worried about electrode connections and electrode quality in these amateur EEG applications. You also want high quality active electrodes if you take EEG outside laboratory. I'm also skeptical about these dry skin electrodes (no alcohol scrubbing and conductive paste). NeuroSky devices are surprisingly cheap. I would be very interested to know how well they work in practice. Normally people do more good things to others than bad things. It's hard to estimate what the ratio is but I would say it's closer to 1000:1 than 10:1. If being at good is the baseline, it would make sense to ignore those events most of the time. 1. Entropy is a broken measurement 2. This is incorrect 3. There is no concept of entropy for a specific finite sequence Do you see what you did there? Entropy is limited concept if you want to advance compression beyond certain limit. General note: There is tendency of commentators to nit-pick blog posts as if being in debate where the goal is to win. It would be more valuable if we would read the article and try to interpret the intended meaning behind them favorably. Of course there are parts that are over-simplified or incorrect. This is just writing in the blog, not fully thought out edited and peer reviewed writing. Biggest Internet companies are in advertising or catalog merchant business that started in late 90's or early 2000's. American Internet startups in these areas had immediate access to markets of 300 million people. Homegrown American, Chinese or Japanese Internet company can have hundreds of millions in revenue before it even starts to think about localization and adjusting to other countries, cultures, languages, payment system and advertising biz. Network effect rules in the Internet business and US based business had huge upper leg in this regard in early 2000s. >The smaller countries are mostly used to everything being in English (Slovenia, Finland), so they don't care. I live in Finland and I can tell you that you don't have full access to mass markets unless you handle the language, deliveries and local payment methods as well. Case: https://www.varusteleka.fi/en It's very successful Finnish army/outdoors store that sells mostly trough net (probably biggest in the Europe). They have build loyal international customer base outside Finland mainly because they have a great customer service and they're very honest about the products it sells. No marketing bullshit, if they sell inferior products, they tell that the product sucks balls and sell it very cheap. They have been gradually expanding their operations from Finland to Sweden, Estonia, Russia and other countries. Similar company started in Minnesota (same size as Finland) would be several times bigger by now. David Patterson (famous for RISK, RAID and computer clusters) tried to make IRAM (RAM chips with processors) happen 15 years ago. I think the idea is sound. It's just question of when. http://iram.cs.berkeley.edu/ RISC not RISK This is caused by network externalities. Both direct and indirect network externalities. When a product’s or platforms value to the user, third party developer, or hardware manufacturer increases as the number of users of the product grows, this creates strong positive feedback. Open standards and monopoly laws can reduce this externality and keep them from becoming monopoly. Android can call iPhone, and software can be ported from one platform to another. Andrew Ng works for Baidu. Their face recognition software is currently much better than second best (Google) 0.37% vs 0.15% error, Their voice recognition seems to be the very best. What they are famous for now is not what they are famous for in the next few years. In US many high-tech companies provide perks for their workers: free daycare, paid maternity leave, free tuition for employees' kids, good health care, etc. Nordic countries provide similar perks for all their citizens. High taxes pay for safety, infrastructure and welfare. Ramen-eating startups work for young single people. Getting older and having children reduces the risk taking ability dramatically without good welfare. Seizure can be made public and email server provider take actions to protect against seizure. This is how it should work. Ability to force gag order or implement a backdoor is really disgrace in democratic society. There are number of primate and human studies that suggest that we value perceived justice and fairness and just offering positive expected return is not enough. A Theory of Fairness, Competition, and Cooperation http://qje.oxfordjournals.org/content/114/3/817.short https://epub.ub.uni-muenchen.de/726/1/Fehr-Schmidt_Handbook_... Justice- and fairness-related behaviors in nonhuman primates http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3690609/ Chimpanzees play the ultimatum game http://www.pnas.org/content/110/6/2070 Supporting bad dictators is not specially Chinese thing. Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo of Equatorial Guinea is probably worse and he is supported by US. Considered harmful is one type of essay. Considered harmful is great format because the title makes it clear that the author is intentionally taking one side and he is then free to concentrate into one side of the story. Tu quoque is fallacy only if we use it to justify our own actions. I was not using the argument as a excuse. I was just pointing out that what China does is normal. National interest trumps human rights everywhere. The main difference is that western countries must justify their actions to the public. We use human rights to rationalize wars against enemy dictators while staying inactive towards our own dictators. Moral arguments from every side in international politics should be seen as propaganda. There are two dimensions in meditation. 1. Samadhi/samatha or single pointed focus that calms or concentrates the mind. 2. vipashana/mindfullness/awareness that is looking inside the functioning mind and gains insight. These two are not completely orthogonal. Even those who do pure awareness meditation develop the ability to keep their mind focused in this moment. In many traditions practitioners start with concentrative practice until they gain the so called 'access concentration' where they have the ability to stay in present moment without mind wandering too much. This access concentration is what I would call 'the flow'. You can go much deeper in concentration or use the flow to look into your mind. The flow itself is not the task. It's the first step. In many/most Buddhist meditation traditions dedicated concentration practices are seen as tools and insight meditation seen as being more directly towards the goal of Buddhist meditation. In Mahayana tradition developing deep concentration states is called Sharpening Manjusri’s sword. Using the sword is different than sharpening it. Do English-language publications change the way authors write their names? I wonder if this is somehow related to Bibliography and Bibliographical software, indexes and references. If you have started your career with certain name in BibTeX without accent marks, changing it later may screw up references. Animal treatment should be based on their sentience, not their intelligence. > I believe a proper definition of rational thinking involves the ability of having articulate language Counterargument: http://www.grandin.com/references/thinking.animals.html No. Bitcoin has no mechanism for limiting lending. It's just fiat asset. Because bitcoin is not local currency anywhere, there are no mandatory reserve requirements for giving loans against bitcoin deposits. Fractional reserve banking affects only for very liquid money-like assets like on demand deposits. Long term deposits create money outside reserve requirements. I think one solution is for banks to start offering people time deposit & credit card combinations. Income goes into time deposit and people use credit cards almost exclusively. Poor people without credit cards might might have to pay a lot for having money in a bank, so they might turn into holding cash. Anyone who reads Modern Monetary Theory should keep in mind that its somewhat fringe (not outside fringe like Austrian school, but very criticized and not widely accepted). Not if everyone uses blockchain directly, but that is already too slow for quick transactions anyway. Banks would add bitcoins as just another currency into their system. They can start giving out credit cards denominated in bitcoin for anyone who saves bitcoins in bank for interest, that effectively creates new money. It's not so simple. If the company who has monopoly power[1] provides free services, or if the free service can be used to gain monopoly power, there is possibility for market failure. If it would be OK to do anything as long as the service is free, it would make sense for Chinese government & Baidu & Huawei consortium to provide High Quality Free Basics for every American who wants it. --- [1] Remainder to avoid fruitless arguments: monopoly power ≠ monopoly http://www.economicsonline.co.uk/Market_failures/Monopoly_po... Well said. Macroeconomics is mostly closed sytem, not open system like microeconomics. Roughly 70% of US GDP is private consumption (household final consumption expenditure). Startups that build cool products need markets that can afford to buy them. The top 1%-2% may be wealthy, but as a consumer segment they are not big enough to justify new microprocessor plant or Apple product line. More importantly, rich don't pay for innovation. Luxury phones like Vertu are diamonds and personal service, there is no pressure for innovation. You don't need speech recognition if you can afford personal service. You don't need self driving car if you have a driver or enjoy driving with your Porsche. It's the middle class who creates demand for high-tech bleeding edge innovations. Who will buy the Oculus rifts and create enough cash flow to carry the VR-industry next 5 years? If the number of upper middle class families drops 5%, will Tesla lose 5% of their sales? The share of the GDP going to the middle class has been falling. It's down roughly 10% from 2000 and something like 30-20% from 70's. Low income people spend more money into necessities and very small high income population just can't consume enough to be large demand creating force. If the income distribution of the country starts to resemble classical South American country, it will have the economic structure of classical South American country sooner or later. PG has supply side view of the economy. It's not the whole picture. http://www-nrd.nhtsa.dot.gov/Pubs/812102.pdf In 2013, 10,076 people were killed in alcohol-impaired- driving crashes, an average of one alcohol-impaired-driving fatality occurred every 52 minutes. These alcohol-impaired-driving fatalities accounted for 31 percent of the total motor vehicle traffic fatalities in the United States. The goal was to get improvement over scrypt. Scrypt is good but it can be improved. For example robustness against side-channel attacks. There are also some seemingly minor issues like the need to keep password in memory until hashing is done, complexity of the scheme, parameter selection and user-friendliness that can be important if the algorithm is widely adopted. btw. Colin Percival (creator of scrypt) was part of the committee. Big or small, it's not just the size that matters. One per city would be almost always very unoptimal. Eurozone is not good currency area because it's too big, but because it does not fill the criteria for good currency area [1]. US is much better. US-Canada economic region might be optimal if divided into three[2], but it's not a big deal. United States can function fine as a single currency region. [1] A Theory of Optimum Currency Areas (classic paper from Mundell) https://www.aeaweb.org/aer/top20/51.4.657-665.pdf [2] Optimum Currency Areas within the US and Canada: a Data Analysis Approach http://utopia.duth.gr/~pgkogkas/duthwp/4-2012.pdf You understand it just fine. What may be nonintuitive is the incredibly low change of that happening even in microscopic scale. Difference between macroscopic 'organized states' vs 'unorganized states' just mind mindbogglingly huge. Alternative to properly sourcing is credibility of the author. When quality newspaper or journalist releases important article with anonymous sources, they rely on their credibility. It's the same for diplomatic communication. Important sources don't want to end in government papers. They are named only in classified memos. Requiring sources and suspecting employees faking it is not the way to go. If the suspicion arises, people are called back. I think the key point shockzzz makes is: "it is in no way as secular, or as peaceful, as Westerners think it is" (Just look at what is happening in Burma right now or Sri Lanka) Satan and Jesus are walking down the street. They see man in front of them picking up small piece of truth. Jesus says "Satan! That man has realized the Truth! There is nothing you can to do to stop him now!" Satan smiles cunningly at Jesus "Yes, he has realized the Truth. And now I am going to help him organize the Truth!" As a secular Buddhist the key issue for me is that whenever Buddhism becomes popular main religion, it will will more or less dilute into something very different. In Zen Buddhist tradition there are many autobiographies and stories from over thousand years of Zen Buddhism. They tell the story of constant struggle between community/authority and actual praxis. Either authorities want to embrace Buddhism and dilute and disfigure it into common religious formula, or they prosecute it. Buddhism as a religion seems to be in the state constant decay and needs periodic reforms to get back into basics. The history of Thai Forest Tradition is good example of how there was need for reform in Buddhist monastic tradition in a country where Buddhism is everywhere in well organized and accepted form. Just one counterexample: Texas instrument C28x core is 16-bit addressable. Each byte is 16 bits. >The TMS320C28x byte is 16 Bits. By ANSI/ISO C definition, the sizeof operator yields the number of bytes required to store an object. ANSI/ISO further stipulates that when sizeof is applied to char, the result is 1. Since the TMS320C28x char is 16 bits (to make it separately addressable), a byte is also 16 bits. http://processors.wiki.ti.com/index.php/Byte_Accesses_with_t... C is the closest thing to universally portable assembler. Compilers. Compilers for everything. You can hype your favorite systems language all you want, but if there is no compiler, it wont compile. >OS and hardware vendors decided to only support C compilers. If you want your favorite language X to work everywhere C does. Just make X-to-C compiler. It's possible for translator understand headers and macros and generate bindings for them. Even for function macros. For example, GNAT has macro binding although it's not complete. Btw. There is nothing "pet" in X to C translators. You pay good money for a good Ada to C compiler. That WaPo news has been debunked: http://blog.erratasec.com/2013/07/no-nsa-cant-track-phones-e... There is NSA method called 'implant', but it requires installation of software (possibly in the firmware). It's not so easy and it can't be used in large scale. Government officials have data mining algorithms that detect patterns in cellphone disappearances. Big city with millions of people. Two or more cellphones disappear when they approach the same part of the city. When this happens few times, you might get flagged. Let's not confuse mass surveillance and targeted surveillance of small number of people. They are two different things. Snowden is right when he says that every phone is vulnerable for targeted surveillance. For people like him, every phone is dangerous even when they are closed. Mass surveillance is different. NSA can't just pick random person and remotely track their phone when it's turned off. The main reason why sitting in the front of computer is bad for the posture is because shoulders are turned in and pectoral muscles are contracted long periods of time. Stretching your pecks two times per day improves posture much faster than this exercise. Stallman stubborn and incredibly unreasonable. There are many things I disagree with him, but when he is right he is right. I'm very grateful that he exists. RMS reminds me of this GBS quote: “The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.” ― George Bernard Shaw, Man and Superman Duplicate GUID:s matter only if there is actual comparison. There may be duplicate GUID:s used in different contexts and that's just fine. If there is single system and context where storing just GUID:s takes several exabytes we may start worrying. The central issue is economic growth, not some wague "progress". You should read Gordon's research paper, not articles about them if you want more rigor. http://www.nber.org/papers/w18315 >Even if innovation were to continue into the future at the rate of the two decades before 2007, the U.S. faces six headwinds that are in the process of dragging long-term growth to half or less of the 1.9 percent annual rate experienced between 1860 and 2007. These include demography, education, inequality, globalization, energy/environment, and the overhang of consumer and government debt. A provocative "exercise in subtraction" suggests that future growth in consumption per capita for the bottom 99 percent of the income distribution could fall below 0.5 percent per year for an extended period of decades. The goal should be to make Firefox brand maximally safe for average user. Recognizable name is important for non-technical users. Mozilla should take every effort to make browsing safe for anyone who uses browsers originating from mozilla.org. Even for average developers. There should be no way to trick people following instructions that disable add-on signing if they download and use something they know by the name "Firefox" What we want is separate no-brand Firefox build that follows Firefox closely. It should work exactly like Firefox including updates (except when it explicitly deviates) but have no name recognition or easy association to Firefox/Mozilla.org. In theory it could be automatic build from Firefox development team as long as it's impossible to download it from mozilla.org and associate it with the same site as Firefox unless you know what you are doing. Any bug or security issue arising form the deviant version should not have Firefox in the news headline. 5G requirements: - 1-10Gbps connections to end points in the field (i.e. not theoretical maximum) - 1 millisecond end-to-end round trip delay (latency) - 1000x bandwidth per unit area - 10-100x number of connected devices - (Perception of) 99.999% availability - (Perception of) 100% coverage - 90% reduction in network energy usage - Up to ten year battery life for low power, machine-type devices http://networks.nokia.com/news-events/insight-newsletter/art... Many new industries like automation outside factories (self driving cars, drones, smart grids, etc.) want more reliability, flexible adaption, lower latency and more coverage, everyone wants more bandwidth. massive MIMO, beanforming, more frequencies, fast switching between channels. relative wealth is a zero sum game. No. Austrians reject econometrics on principle. While Mises played some lip service to Game theory, Austrians have generally have huge resistance to formal methods. Median wealth is what's interesting. Compare list of countries by net mean and median wealth. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_wealth_pe... Relationship between inequality and economic growth is interesting subject. Inequality seems to have a negative impact on economic growth. http://www.oecd.org/els/soc/trends-in-income-inequality-and-... This is Director of Research at Google playing with Python. Don't read too much politics into it. Usually medicine that actually works has some negative side effects. Commercialization of mindfulness business seems to cause all kinds of bullshit quackery as a side effect. There are plenty of minfulness instructors who don't have sufficient experience and understanding. They just drink the Cool-Aid and brush aside things that don't sell. I have been training zen meditation for 15 years and many of my friends are long time Vipassana meditators. All experienced meditation/mindfullness teachers know that there can be negative side effects and everyone can't use the same method as everyone else. Meditation can sometimes trigger mental illness or trauma. For many people it's good idea to start going into therapy after they start meditation practice. Unfortunately sometimes people want to use mindfullness as replacement for medical treatment and/or therapy (Mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) is just fine. It's actual therapy done under supervision of a therapist) There is another deeper meaning in this koan. It's related to the No Free Lunch Theorems. It basically says that if an algorithm performs well on a certain class of learning, searching or optimization problems, then it necessarily pays for that with degraded performance on the set of all remaining problems. In other words, you always need bias to learn meaningfully. More you have (the right kind of) bias, faster you can learn the subject in hand and slower in all other kinds. In neural networks the bias is not just the weights. There is bias in the selection of random distribution of the network weights (uniform, Gaussian etc.) There is bias in the network topology. There is bias in the learning algorithm, activation function, etc. Convolutional neural networks are good example. They have very strong bias baked into them and it works really well. The readership of online publications is open ended. You should not expect community or memory of past exchanges. Wolfram is irritating prick and that fact will come up frequently when people discover it again and again. Don't except evolution in discussion when the site is just stream of links. Criminal complaint against Snowden is from political crime. Political crimes against one country are not automatically crimes in other countries. EU countries don't send Chechen fighters to Russia when Russia charges them. US is not going to send head of the CIA's Germany station back to Germany to be charged for spying. ps. EU parliament passed a resolution (mostly symbolical) that called on European Union member states to “drop any criminal charges against Edward Snowden, grant him protection and consequently prevent extradition or rendition by third parties, in recognition of his status as whistle-blower and international human rights defender”. Except the limited scientific value. Japanese did flyby around the moon in 2007 and recorded a video. How they did come up with number that high? I know that Switzerland is expensive country, but still. That's 2,256 EUR or 2,443 USD. That article is hugely exaggerating the claims in the Congressional EMP Commission reports it is referring to. http://www.empcommission.org/ I think you are confusing exchange rate mechanism and domestic economics and their interactions. Deflation does not mean that exchange rate of Japanese yen increases relative to other currencies. Japan has free floating currency with inflation-targeting framework. Japan's import-export balance adjusts more or less automatically because the currency floats relative to other currencies. Japan has very little foreign debt, so the huge national debt is not creating inflationary pressure trough exchange rates. Japanese yen suffering from long period of low inflation and deflation (lost decade) is caused by the lack of structural reforms and demographics. Japan is getting old fast and people are saving for their retirement. Domestic consumption is not taking off To put things into perspective: Household consumption makes 61% of the Japanese GDP Exports of goods and services is just 16.2% Of course it does, but the effect is not linear and its mostly correlation caused by underlying mechanisms. Too much inflation is usually sign of problems in the economy. Too low inflation is also sign of problems. The optimum rate of inflation is usually somewhere 1-4%. Strong currency is not good thing in itself. It hurts exports and makes foreign goods cheaper. Citizen dividend sounds capitalistic. Basic Income sounds socialist. Stimulus worked. What Debate? Economists Agree the Stimulus Lifted the Economy http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/30/upshot/what-debate-economi... Once again: Yes, the stimulus worked. http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-mh-stimulus-wo... "Internet economics" and the discussion is full of fringe theories that refer to mises.org. For them every mainstream economist is Keynesian. Even if they belong to Chicago school. Common Lisp: equalp Yet it's the social democratic systems that are ideologically dirty but strive to achieve practical solutions that seem to get the best results. All ideologically "pure" solutions like different anarchist models, puristic free market ideologies etc. turn out to be very fragile if there is some aspect of human nature and social organization they didn't take into account. Free markets modulated with social democracy seems to work very well in practice. It's the old dilemma between big ball of mud vs. finding the right set of primitives that fix it all. they are faster to type from a feature phone. verification codes don't have to be long. 4-7 numbers with limited amount of retry is plenty. First you should look at the job advertisement and the money you offer. You might be missing the people you want and getting what you pay for. I don't think the number of people with deeper knowledge is smaller than 10 years ago. There are more jobs and more people after those jobs while the number of people who know their stuff stays the same. If you pay less than 75% percentile for programmer job, you can't expect too much. Occupational Employment and Wages, May 2014 15-1131 Computer Programmers http://www.bls.gov/oes/current/oes151131.htm The problem is that "Taking care of the gifted kids" is often upper middle class talking about their slightly above the average kids (IQ >125) who they want into special schools. I'm in the 98th percentile and I thought that I was special flower until I started to study math and physics in university level. I met several people who I would consider actually gifted (IQ above 160 and intellectual curiosity to use that IQ). I quickly realized that my problem had never been my intelligence. It was the arrogance and laziness that came with being relatively smart. I could cope with everything and everyone if I tried even a little. Many of these actually bright guys (and especially girls) had actual problems in their youth. Taking part of International Mathematical Olympiads allowed them to use their noggin and meet others like them. Getting noticed and the ability to take university classes while minor was the lifeline that gave them purpose and mentoring they needed. They really benefited from being noticed when young. >Over the last twenty years, the fund has posted annualized returns of 6.17%. SP500 1995-2015 Annualized return (= True CAGR): 9.44% >What is a historical fact is that Salieri openly and explicitly prevented Mozart's career from going where Mozart wanted it to go. Quotes from credible modern historians please. To my knowledge most historians think that there is no concrete evidence of this. There was just competition for jobs. Rest is drama added later. >Whether or not he actually killed Mozart we can never truly know. Good example of the false rumor. Salieri seems to even have confessed the murder when he was delirious but nobody believed him even then. Later he took that confession back. EWD's argument why they should: http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/EWD/transcriptions/EWD08xx/EW... Does apple have firmware lock that requires user input/password for signed firmware/software updates? If it has and it can be circumvented, there is fault somewhere. If it don't have it, Apple should have it. >What is actually being asked for here is that Apple write custom code that allows the FBI to perform a brute-force attack against the iPhone without triggering the "10 strikes and the phone is wiped" protection mechanism. This is a completely different animal. As long as the company publishes any modifications to Linux kernel, everything should be fine. In Finland the land is still rebounding from the last ice age. Land is rising roughly 1-9 mm per year depending on where the ice melted last. Rate of lithospheric uplift due to Postglacial Rebound: https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiedosto:PGR_Paulson2007_Rate_... Boko Haram, al-Qaida, ISIS, Ansar al-Shariah, Jund al-Khilafan, al-Nusra, ... You can backtrack basically all active jihadist groups that attack west back to to the Saudi funded ideology. Even ISIS is offshoot of Wahabbi/Salafism. The "traditional" Islamist like Brotherhood put their efforts in Arab countries. Saudis are not in control of these groups, but they are responsible for the ideology. Saudi Arabia's Curriculum of Intolerance https://freedomhouse.org/report/special-reports/saudi-arabia... Saudis Must Stop Exporting Extremism ISIS Atrocities Started With Saudi Support for Salafi Hate http://www.nytimes.com/2014/08/23/opinion/isis-atrocities-st... Another thing to consider: mirrors are never perfect. 100% of the light is not reflected. If the spaceship uses high quality laser mirror with 0.00001% absorption rate, absorption from 5.8 terawatts is still 5.8 megawatts of power to get rid of in space. 5,800,000,000,000 W × 0.00001 = 58,000,000 W = 58 MW I misplaced decimal point, but it's for different direction. As they say in the paper: "it is not yet known whether adversarial example generation requires greater control over the image than can be obtained by physically altering the sign" I would be more worried people wearing T-shirts with traffic sign pictures in them. Image recognition might not be the best use of this kind of attack. How about financial data, profiling data etc? It's often possible to alter the less significant digits at will and there is no extra noise. TTIP stands for Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership. You have to worry about TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership) The Trans-Pacific Partnership may turn out to be the worst trade agreement in decades http://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/jan/10/in-2016-bett... Greenwald got the scoop and he should not benefit from it? Those documents are released slowly so that journalists who have them can write stories and put the released information into context. It also serves the purpose of keeping the government surveillance in the mind of public longer. Putting them all just out there would make news for few months but then it would be all forgotten. People care surprisingly little. Greenwad & Co. control the media exposure and maximize the impact. Just like Snowden wanted. > Let me name some names. ACLU, one of the most corrupt organizations in New York City and around the world. Okay. Lisp is programmable programming language, especially Common Lisp. It works as programmer amplifier. Better you are, more you benefit from it. I challenge anyone to watch this lecture from Christian Schafmeister and say they are not impressed: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8X69_42Mj-g and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rSMt1pAlbE Popularity is not the correct measure stick. Lisp is more like research language than implementation language for bean counting apps. Better question is what bleeding edge things have originated, are being done or have been done in Lisp. John Carmak is doing VR research with Racket. Christian Schafmeister doing molecular metaprogramming. Raytheon implemented a signal processing analysis pipeline for missile defense in Lisp Commercial Lisp vendors keep lists of some of their customers. Specialized Cad programs like Bentley PlantWise are not popular but they are very complex. http://franz.com/success/ http://www.lispworks.com/success-stories/ Another phone manufacturer making security phones in Finland: http://www.bittium.com/ I think that Fair Use can be outscored to robots if it's done right. Doing it right means that they should think like economists. If mass sending sending false positive DCMA requests has very small cost to the sender, it's profitable to do so and let the receiving end pay the price. Invalid takedown request should have a cost. It could be waiting period of X days before new takedown request can be send, or it could be money needed to lift the waiting period. Google has big enough volumes that they can afford to hire few people who review cases based on statistical sampling. It should be possible to find equilibrium that minimizes the harm caused by incorrect DCMA request. Do you think middle class people pay more for their house than they pay in other taxes during their lifetime? By the way. Higher property tax confiscates the profits from the ownership of the property and property prices decline accordingly. It's hard to follow trough all the consequences and feedback loops involved. >That's similar to the argument that luddites have always made and they have always been wrong. Industrial revolution resulted malnutrition and deterioration of absolute living standards. It took almost hundred years from the start of the industrial revolution before real wages started to grow. You can see it from the historical records. The height of enlisted men in Britain decreased. Luddites were mostly right. They were not fighting against technology per se btw, they were fighting against losing their jobs. The real benefits from industrialization were realized after hard political changes were made and capitalism was limited. It was very violent struggle. People were shot or beaten. Economic history teaches us that technological changes require political changes. What you attribute as triumph of capitalism ignores the fact that capitalism changed a lot. You don't create middle class from mid 18th century society. Summary: capitalism + technology + political change == benefits for everyone. >Of course you do. The rise of the managerial and professional classes is a direct consequence of the Industrial Revolution. Not without political changes. Nobody is saying that industrial revolution did not bring middle class or reduce poverty. It's just that whole society must change and that includes new politics, new laws protecting their new rights, etc. Some examples: - 1819: Factory Act limited child working hours to 12 hours per day. - 1832: any man owning a household worth £10 or more was allowed to vote, - 1867: some working men were allowed to vote. - 1874: Maximum weekly working hours per worker: 56.5 hours per week. - 1918: all men over 21 and women over 30 were able to vote. And that brings us back to the issue. Automation changes things and laws, rights and whole society must change. Microsoft OS has monopoly power in the PC market. They have been in the court for actions like this before [1]. The difference between mobile and PC is that if hardware maker has their own closed system, what they have is basically an appliance. PC's are generic item build from standards and Microsoft has produced an open operating system with large markets for software running on their OS. They can't just close it on a whim and abuse their monopoly power position [1]. ---- [1.] Findings of Fact in U.S. v. Microsoft Corporation, Civil Action No. 98-1232 (TPJ) and State of New York, ex re. Attorney General Eliot Spitzer et al., v. Microsoft Corporation, Civil Action No. 98-1233 (TPJ), November 5, 1999. "Monopoly power" is not the same as monopoly. One must always point this out when saying it or discussion is derailed. Is she willing to take $1 pay and get rest of her compensation in stock options that expire 5 years from now? How much is she willing to invest in Yahoo stock or stock futures by herself? If I were in the Yahoo board, those would be my first questions. Best way to test her commitment and trust for her own strategy is to see how much she is willing to bet her own money on it. Memory allocation feature asked is not a language feature. It has to be baked into web assembly if you want to use portable byte masking with pointers. It's very low level implementation level detail that enables fast execution of dynamically typed languages. Boxing has high cost and it consumes memory. Type tags embedded in pointers can be very fast. For that to work, you need objects that are aligned with power-of-two byte boundaries. Adding this feature enables efficient execution strategy for scripting and dynamic languages. Addiction is harmful when it reduces the quality of life. Caffeine is addictive but it causes harm to only some people. For example: If you have problems with sleep, and just can't give up caffeine use and take sleeping pills instead, you have a drug problem. There is no enough reinforcement volume to learn anything complex. If child gets external reward for every waking moment until she is 12 years old, it's just 4.2 million signals. Reinforcement learning works for fine motor control and other tasks where the feedback loop is tight and immediate. Reinforcement and conditioning can also modulate high level cognition and behavior, but it's not the secret sauce of learning. If child gets external reward every waking moment until she is 12 years old, it's just 4.2 million feedback signals. It's not enough to learn complex behavior. Reinforcement learning works for fine motor control and other tasks where the feedback loop is tight and immediate. Reinforcement and conditioning can also modulate high level cognition and behavior, but it's not the secret sauce of learning. You don't need tagged architecture if you allocate memory by power-of-two regions. Reinforcement learning is learning by interacting with an environment. RL agent learns from the consequences of its actions. Biological system don't live long enough to get enough feedback to learn complex behavior trough consequences. Animal or human must be able to generalize and categorize what they have learned correctly without external feedback teaching it how to derive the function that's doing it. For example, if you want to learn how to tie a complex knot and learn it trough trial and error you might have try it million times if you improve your behavior mainly trough consequences of your actions. In practice you probably try only 5-10 times before you learn to do it and it involves pausing and looking at the problem. There is some kind of unsupervised model building happening that is not involving external input. >see those concepts as mutually exclusive. I certainly don't. Reinforcement or conditioning is part of it, but it's not the cake. It looks like it combines features from pulse-Doppler radar and noise radar. It amplitude and phase modulates a complex pulse-linear FM waveform (linear chirp) using pseudo-noise. I'm not familiar with this particular research. ACPN is not something US army just discovered. Agile beam, agile frequency, pulse compression and pseudo-noise waveforms are the direction military radars are going towards. How exactly they are shocking to climate scientists? It's my understanding that climate change is advancing pretty much just like climate models predict and there is no surprise here. Variations from year to year can be large. >This is not only nearly impossible to define in the general case And this is why there are courts who decide how law applies in particular cases. This is how case law works. What the law means gets more meaning as precedents accumulate over time. "There is no reason why digital rights cannot triumph as often as gun rights. The triumph of anything is a matter of organization. If there are such things as digital rights activists, I hope that they are organized along the lines of the NRA." – Kurt Vonnegut, mutatis mutandis Check the definition of polluntant and polluntant taxonomy. Polluntant is not the same as poison or harmful chemical. Carbon dioxide is a fund pollutant. If you look at the time scales we are looking at, it becomes more understandable. For example, this article that describes the runaway rising of sea level predicts that "Antarctica has the potential to contribute more than a metre of sea-level rise by 2100 and more than 15 metres by 2500." We are dead by 2100 when the sea level is up one meter. It's the future generations who suffer. In addition to tiers, I think there are dimensions. Mainly: 1: security against targeted surveillance from criminals or state-level adversaries. (= spying targets). 2: security against mass surveillance. (= finding targets) I think it's possible to have Tier 2 system that is Tier 1 against mass surveillance. Individual connections don't have to be proofed against state level actor targeting individuals. It's enough that the whole system works in a way that makes mass surveillance too expensive. In fact, I think this kind of security is enough to ease most concerns against government surveillance. > Note-taking with a lead pencil, first mass-produced in the 17th Century, just isn’t so different than using a fountain pen, patented in 1827; a ballpoint pen, patented in 1888; or a felt-tipped marker, patented in 1910. Writing long notes using lead pencil or ballpoint pen was painful experience for me. You have to press the pencil against paper to leave a mark. Then I discovered fountain pens and high quality rollerball/gel pens. Fountain pen is still the best writing instrument there is. The ability to let the pen rest on the paper on it's own weight and just move it around makes long periods of writing comfortable experience. I have picked the habit of writing drafts and making notes by by hand again if I have to learn new things. It's interesting how much better memory works with physical things. I have lots of hand written notebooks laying around and I seem to remember what's in them much better than what's inside text documents I have written. > Would it not be reasonable to write code that assumes data that matches its checksum is valid? If you assume that, you don't need checksums in the first place. It's decimal multiplication table. More details in this nature article: http://www.nature.com/news/ancient-times-table-hidden-in-chi... Evolutionary algorithms and genetic programming are global optimization technique, basically random search with some memory. It's not "out of fashion" any more than simulated annealing or Monte Carlo methods. They have limited usability, that's all. First writers started to use leaving the toilet seat up as a plot device to generate drama in sitcoms. Then others started to write light hearted articles in women magazines telling women how to deal with man who leaves toilet seat up. Now we have number of people who think it's something that can be reason to have a heated argument. My theory is that we are living in society where people take cues on how to deal with everyday issues from media, social media and written word instead of their community and social environment. We look at the Rorschach inkblot and there is always some group who knows how it makes you feel and how those feelings are responsibility of others if you are willing to listen. Our culture is becoming neurotic. edit: Google n-gram viewer for "toilet seat up": https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=+toilet+seat+u... People with some level seasonal affective disorder (SAD) and people with depression react to change differently. For people suffering from SAD symptoms typically start in the fall and stay during winter months. For people with clinical depression it's the springtime that throws them off. I live in Finland and I have clear SAD symptoms in the fall and winter (very tired and low energy). Using Philips light therapy lamp completely fixes it for me as does trip to Spain in the winter. Religious restrictions like this that come from above from the religious hierarchy are just the opposite of "As long as no one is forcing you to adhere to their traditions." Religions define their in-group trough arbitrary restrictions. More extra hoops you have to jump, more you are separated from non-believers. It's way to use power over others. Follow these and you are good Jew/Christian/Muslim/Mormon/Scientologist and you are one of us and a good boy. It's projected that China will surpass North America as the world's largest film market in early 2017. American blockbusters are adding small Chinese subplots that show China in positive light because these films compete for access to Chinese box office. Hollywood is also seeking co-production. Chinese Bona Film Group invested $235 million in 20th Century Fox tentpole movies. Directed by Hollywood Edited by China http://origin.www.uscc.gov/sites/default/files/Research/Dire... >Appealing to Chinese Audiences American filmmakers attempt to entice Chinese moviegoers by including popular Chinese locations, actors, and products in their movies. In some cases, filmmakers make these creative decisions on their own accord, seeking higher profits for their film’s release in China. Despite being produced entirely by U.S. companies, the final cut of X-Men: Days of Future Past released worldwide included lengthy scenes in Hong Kong, as well as a cameo by a Chinese boy band. The film went on to gross $116 million in China. The film Gravity appealed to Chinese audiences by portraying China’s space program in a positive light: a stranded astronaut saves herself by utilizing a fictional state-of-the-art Chinese space station and lands on Earth in a Chinese space capsule. The film went on to gross $71 million in China, 10 percent of its worldwide total gross and 16 percent of its total foreign gross. Excuse my ignorance, but this does not seem any way unconventional. It seems to me that you are treating your condition without medication, not reversing it. Exercise and regulating your blood sugar using diet is what doctors suggest but not many people follow it. You still have permanently increased insulin resistance and you must stay on your exercise and diet to prevent it getting worse. From the english language papers I'm willing to pay for the Economist. It's high quality and there is lots of good stuff every time. It's worth of the price. I would like to pay for more articles if there would be Netflix style subscription where I pay, say, 25 EUR per month for subscription for everything and the only thing I have to do is click. The current subscription model where you subscribe to the whole paper for long periods of time is not the future. Neither is one where you have to register and pay $5 for articles one by one. I'm not ready to pay 2000 USD per month to subscribe to every magazine I want to read articles from and I'm not willing to pay $5 per article either. How does one differentiate between keeping blood sugar low with low calorie diet and exercise and the better functioning pancreas? http://www.rifters.com/blindsight/vampires.htm Tensor in tensorflow is just a a typed multi-dimensional array. F-35 looks like it's the most ambitious software project ever attempted. - Lots of system integration for the final product from multiple suppliers (usually nightmare). - Autonomic Logistics Information System (ALIS) is critical for the maintainability and it's millions of lines of code. Failure rate of large projects like this is typically 40-60% and ALIS looks like it's more advanced than most bean counting systems ever delivered. - Underlying hardware is slowly changing underneath because the system is late. - It has frigging augmented reality system with helmets that integrates everything together. - It's safety critical code. > no less than 27 power cycles were required to get all systems functioning between initial startup and takeoff. These power cycles varied in degree – from “cold iron” resets, where the aircraft had to be shut down and then restarted, to component or battery power recycling. Holy shit! AI Winter was not the result of changing public interest. It was lost interest from investors and government. All that money poured into AI research produced little rewards. There were expert systems that worked well and they became profitable businesses, but othervice there was little to show. In retrospect I think it was good idea to adjust the money to match the results and wait until computer scientist come up with new ideas. Current Ai boom is result from 'Canadian mafia' diligently working and actually producing results and faster computing, especially GPCPU. Unless we get constant stream of new ideas that build up on the current ones, there should reduced interest and investments once most benefits have been materialized. >I'm puzzled by the outcome of this discussion, but am assured by other security engineers and cryptographers that bugs they opened were treated equally badly, often ignored, even if they were non-disclosed, heavy security issues. If you have organization with strict good manners policy and problems arise, this kind of passive-aggressive behavior is exactly what you should expect. "company policy" and PC rules can't make people better persons. NOTE: This is not my opinion about Ruby-core team. I just want to point out that being polite does not mean that you interact well with others. Buying index funds in downturns provides more ling term value than buying the same index fund when markets are good. You need votes from only 4.5% of the 220 million Americans eligible to vote to get your party nomination in general election. Using ballpark numbers to present the idea: You have country with 220 million Americans eligible to vote. 16 percent of all age-eligible citizens voted in the 2012 presidential primaries. That's 35 million. If those voters are equally divided between the two parties, and winning party candidate gets roughly half of the votes, they get their party nomination with 9 million votes each. Checked the numbers and they check out. George W. Bush, with his 10.8 million votes in 2000 is the record holder in the GOP side. Trump will likely break this record. One graph is worth thousand words. Rotor power coefficient vs. tip-speed ratio. http://i.imgur.com/PONHerZ.jpg Oh yes. Political scientist have extensively studied the issue. Those who vote in primaries represent different demographics than Americans in general. There are differences in age, race and ethnicity, education, income, religious and political views. Some of these people caused similar revolution against their predecessors. We may not be aware that some of their toughs are interesting deviations or improvements for the previous state of things. Freud is perfect example. He caused huge revolution in the philosophy of mind and changed our culture in many visible ways, but his theories did not survive. Freud's theories are based on outdated concepts of how the brain works. The evidence was usually incomplete or questionable. Freud based his theories on anecdotes from his practice and his patients were mostly upper class women who suffered from sexual repression. Freud overgeneralized from this very odd set of patients very strange theories. Still his basic themes are considered correct even today and they were revolutionary at the same way as Einstein's. They seem so basic and obvious to us that we don't think there was controversy or revolution involved. Five still valid _general_ ideas that are left from his psychodynamics theories after most was debunked: 1. There are unconscious processes. Parts of cognition, motivation and emotions can be hidden from consciousness. 2. There are competing processes and conflicts in the brain. 3. Personality is significantly shaped by childhood 4. Our mental representations of other people shape our social relations. 5. There is a sequence of different developmental stages that create internal psychological conflicts. http://psych.utoronto.ca/users/peterson/psy430s2001/Westen%2... >After several months of eating fewer than 800 calories a day and spending an hour at the gym every morning, I hadn’t lost another ounce. That's obviously not true. Assuming slow pace gym session and 200 kcal lost, nobody can keep their weight stable if they spend just 600 kcal per day and have normal activity. OK, so she has shown us that people cam survive with 800 kcal per day and not lose weight. If she can do that, African famines are hoaxes and UN has been fooling us all this time. Metric expansion of universe breaks the conservation of energy, so we are already living in the magical world. I think you mean: Cryptography Engineering : Design Principles and Practical Applications by Niels Ferguson, Bruce Schneier, and Tadayoshi Kohno The book is introduction to the engineering problems and details when implementing cryptography. It introduces primitives, like symmetric ciphers, hash functions etc. and then shows how to write actual protocols using them. It covers many practical details and implementation concerns. I think it's good read. Just bear in mind that it's not comprehensive or authoritative. Some advice can be controversial. For example, they lean on authentication before encryption that others consider bad practice. Timing is difficult even if your fundamental analysis is right. Stocks may be overvalued and still go up several years. Shiller PE is over 26, stocks are clearly valued very high. http://www.multpl.com/shiller-pe/ It seems that Buffett is helping finance the offer. He might not be the part of the consortium. He may have arranged a loan for them. That would be more the style of Buffet. Selling pickaxes during a gold rush. He rarely invests directly in technology companies. >The consortium is in the second round of bidding in the auction for Yahoo's assets, the people said. Buffett is helping finance the offer, one of the people added. http://www.reuters.com/article/us-yahoo-m-a-buffett-idUSKCN0... CL is not purely functional language. CL is either multi-paradigm language or Lisp paradigm language. There is lisp style programming. It has many functional primitives but typical CL programmer is not programming functionally. Other languages like Scheme or Clojure are more functionally 'oriented' Lisps. I think it's a status issue. Actuary is respected profession. There is lots of responsibility and they have higher median salary than programmers. Programmers are dime a dozen. Only top level architects have status. If programmer is highly valued, he usually has some other title than programmer/developer. "And you're right: we were not out to win over the Lisp programmers; we were after the C++ programmers. We managed to drag a lot of them about halfway to Lisp. Aren't you happy?" -- Guy Steele, Sun Microsystems Labs (about Java) http://people.csail.mit.edu/gregs/ll1-discuss-archive-html/m... y = a0 + Σ(ai×xi) Use linear regression when 1 unit increase in x increases y by a. Use logistic regression when 1 unit increases x increases log odds by a. Use Poisson regression when 1 unit increase in x increases y by y×e^a (see also negative binomial regression) >i feel like a lot of lisps are trying to drag this "everything is a list" I think you are speaking out of ignorance here. "everything is a list" is just a metaphor. Everything is either list or atom and almost everything is atom. It's the Lisp nomenclature that confuses you. In list everything is either atom or a list. `atom` type is equivalent to `(not cons)`. CL has plenty of native data structures including hash tables, streams, files, functions, arrays, strings, numbers, characters, structures, ... http://clhs.lisp.se/Front/Contents.htm >there's nothing on the books banning self-driving cars as long as a human is in the vehicle (which Otto's product would always still require). This company basically wants to increase efficiency of long haul truckers. They can sleep in the wheel and move 24/7 without mandatory breaks. Turning 11 hour drive into 23 hour drive would bring huge savings for the company. If they make it happen, it sells like candy and after few years all have one. Why is this money taken from "European Cloud Initiative"? It has nothing to do with it. Is the comission aware of this fact? Are all those research institutions standing behind claimed security impact of their work? Were security experts and cryptographers involved, or is this just wild speculation from physicists as DJB's Theory 2 assumes. I'm all for moving more EU money to basic research, but money can be moved to the direction I want with wrong promises. €2 billion in Horizon 2020 funding will be allocated to the European Cloud Initiative[1]. Quantum manifesto lists many items that might be funded under the Cloud Initiative [2], - Core technology of quantum repeaters - Secure point-to-point quantum links - Quantum networks between distant cities - Quantum credit cards - Quantum repeaters with cryptography and eavesdropping detection - Secure Europe-wide internet merging quantum and classical communication - Universal quantum computers will be available with computational power at a level of performance that will exceed even the most powerful classical computers of the future. They will be reprogrammable machines used to solve demanding computational problems, such as optimisation tasks, database searches, machine learning and image recognition. They will contribute to Europe’s smart industry, helping to make European manufacturing industries more efficient. [1]: http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_MEMO-16-1409_en.htm [2]: http://qurope.eu/system/files/u567/Quantum%20Manifesto.pdf The way I see it the question is not that proposal based process itself was fair. The question is if the winning proposals made credible promises. Did the commission know it funded basic research without practical solutions in the sight, or did they read material like Quantum Manfiesto and thought there would be commercial and infrastructure benefits? I'm leaning towards Theories 2 and 3: stupidity and marketing. Physicists who want to build quantum devices made claims outside their expertise and the commission didn't consult experts to verify these claims because it generally has no idea of what it's funding. DJB is one of the leading experts in the field. Who are the security experts who think that quantum communication premises could lead to practical implementations? Even if the base research is successful, most experts agree that quantum communication is solution searching for problem. We can already transmit data securely trough bit-pipes using quantum resistant symmetric ciphers. Actual security problems are on different level (protocols etc.) >I just don't think that calling the other side "stupid" is a legitimate way of arguing. There should not be "the other side". Yet there is no sign of security researches involved making these claims and you seem genuinely surprised that there is controversy and security researchers debunk the claims. This is my understanding of how the problem is framed: Causality is local even in quantum physics. The "Spooky action at a distance" is just correlation This leaves the "acausal action at a distance" aka nonlocal correlation. There is no controversy here. There is no superluminal messaging and there are no need for hidden variables and things like that. Entangled quantum _state_ of two distant entangled electrons has no coordinates in space. Quantum states are treated as ghosts. For the authors there exist discord between instant correlation and special relativity. I have no idea what comes next. Somebody else should explain how Trace Dynamics works. You should see Snowden in context. Whistleblowers before Snowden (Drake, Binney) tried to do it the normal way. They were investigated, prosecuted, charged in secret and shut down. They were the only people investigated. Only Snowden has changed things. http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/may/22/how-pentagon-... "proof" is not correct term. Find evidence supporting some hypothesis, they don't provide proofs. More like git-annex and git LFS. ZFS can be good cms choice for large binary files. >His handwriting was so perfect and distinct that in the late 1980s Luca Cardelli, then from the DEC Systems Research Center, designed a ‘Dijkstra’ font for Macintosh computers. Soon after, Dijkstra received a letter typeset in this font and thought it was handwritten until news reached him about the creation of this font. Ddsger Wybe Dijkstra (1930–2002): A Portrait of a Genius - CWI http://homepages.cwi.nl/~apt/ps/dijkstra.pdf I'm not an economist, but I'm currently studying economics as a hobby. It's very hard to start debunking this myth perpetuated by Alan Jay Levinovitz because there is so many layers of math envy, overgeneralization, misunderstanding and misinformation. Firstly, he is arguing mostly against finance sector, not against academic economics. We should make clear separation between money making economics where economists working in fiance sector for profits. Finance sector is large part of marketing funds and strategies and mathiness is good way to sell. Academic research shows that it's very hard to beat index in long term and you should be very skeptical. Secondly, we should separate economic policies, economic politics from academic economics. Economics uses math and models as way of thinking. There are no economic models that capture all important variables, but modeling is the only way to see trough ideologies and have good discussions. Economics can do what Levinovitz wants it to do only if it becomes psychohistory in Isaac Asimov's Foundation universe. For a good example of how current top 10 cited economist used math and models well, look at the work of Daron Acemoglu http://economics.mit.edu/faculty/acemoglu/paper People experience dizziness, headaches and nausea in the 3d movies. > how comes existing FPS games have no such issues? People can get very seasick. FPS gamers are self selected group. People who feel nausea stop playing. I often get fever like nausea if I play too long. Not too bad though. What is the persentage of scientific books is written by women? I think I have the same ratio in my bookshelf. More interesting the subject is for me, less women. For example: I have ~50 computer science books and only one is written by a woman (Sonya E. Keene). Japanese government debt to GDP ratio is 229%. Japanese government has kept lights on with 15 years of constant deficit. Fortunately most of this debt is internal and in local currency (no fear of hyperinflation). But Japanese are getting old. In a few years Japanese insurance companies and Japanese savers turn from net buyers of government debt and stocks into net sellers. It's interesting to see what happens then. Is there actually foundation called IsoGrid or is this your personal page? No they are not. Stock buybacks are effectively same as dividends. If company buys stocks from the market , it increases the value for the shareholders. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Share_repurchase Most definitions of deep learning don't include world "neural network". They are synonymous for multi layer neural network techniques for now, but not necessarily in the future. For example: >Deep-learning methods are representation-learning methods with multiple levels of representation, obtained by composing simple but non-linear modules that each transform the representation at one level (starting with the raw input) into a representation at a higher, slightly more abstract level. Deep Learning, Nature Volume 521 issue 7553, 2015, LeCun, Yann; Bengio, Yoshua; Hinton, Geoffrey In cases like these, most people (like me) who read these exchanges have no idea what is true and what is not. Either there is rape or not. If not, there is libel and slander. In any case Internet publicity is not correct place to get justice. >At least that's my impression from the outside. It has no value. We who are outsiders in the drama can't contribute and our impressions can be false. Some of use are just drawn into the drama and can't avoid taking sides. Creating impressions is how internet drama works. Wired was silly dumbed-down hype-catalog from the start. It looks better in retrospect when we forget that we were dumb, young and inexperienced when it came out. They had few good articles now and then just like they have now, it depends on what kind of writers they have. The article is too damning of DSGE models. DSGE modeling accuracy is comparable to the vector atoregression with just tiny amount of parameters. They are used because they clearly capture something from the dynamics of the economy. From two models with equal accuracy, the one with smaller amount of parameters is usually better. Toyota Hilux is the "AK-47" of military vehicles. Just few things needed for that - mining industry - chemical industry with thousands of end products. - biochemical industry (medicines, plastics etc.) - microprocessor fab and IC fabrication - indefinitely sustained biosphere - manufacturing industry for different high-end products, including rockets, instruments etc. and ability to maintain them. I think you need large city with maybe 500,000 people at minimum with current technology. Who still remembers MegaHal? https://megahal.alioth.debian.org/ Some of my favorites: COULD SHAKE MY TINY FIST AND SWEAR I WASN'T WRONG, BUT WHAT'S THE SENSE IN ARGUING WHEN YOU'RE MUCH TOO BUSY RETURNING TO THE LAVATORY. AMAZING GRACE, HOW SWEET THE SOUND OF ONE OR MORE NUMBERS REPRESENTED IN DIGITAL FORM. SATAN GUIDES US TELEPATHICLY THROUGH RECTAL THERMOMETERS. WHY DO YOU THINK ABOUT META-REASONING? >So, is there a physical effect that cares about computational complexity? The No-SuperSearch Postulate (there is no physical means to solve NP-complete problems in polynomial time) is not purely mathematical conjecture. It's also a claim about the laws of physics. The postulate includes P != NP as a special case, but it is stronger. If you assume that the postulate is true, you can use it to explain things like why quantum mechanics is linear, why adiabatic systems have small spectral gaps, why timeline curves don't exist, black hole information paradox, impossibility of relativity computers, why QM-amplitudes are not directly observable. The question of how much physics you could derive from No-super-search postulate is interesting. Imagine the same situation in UK, you are foreigner and everybody is watching cricket. Cultural alienation is not somebody's fault. It happens when you are minority in a group that has different culture. In these kind of situations basic politeness and hospitality would lessen the effect. The solution is not to watch Friends sometimes to distribute boredom more equally. People who have been born in monoculture are not usually aware of the work needed to have fun and inclusive social event. Outside the work those who are alienated leave. The "mandatory fun" in workplace may need work from the host to be inclusive. Vector of pointers to grapheme clusters for example. Sometimes vector of objects that include other information, like glyphs etc. Finally a way to have real punishment in video game. At some point, someone realizes that there is need to standardize fixed practical subset of Unicode that contains all essential symbols over the world so that all devices that comply with the standard can __actually__ interchange text in readable, printable and visually presentable form. It's nice to have catalogue of symbols and tight encoding for them, but full support of Unicode encoding has very little to do with support for Unicode in an application. 🇦 🇧 🇨 🇩 🇪 🇫 🇬 🇭 🇮 🇯 🇰 🇱 🇲 🇳 🇴 🇵 🇶 🇷 🇸 🇹 🇺 🇻 🇼 🇽 🇾 🇿. Yes, basically. I think we want to have normalization and other simplifications and restrictions to processing. What I have in mind is restricted standard subset bundle that makes it possible to send text that ends looking right in every device in the future. Imagine that you are developing wristband device and you can buy ASIC or FPGA chip module that eats grapheme clusters and spits out bitmap for the right glyph every time. I wonder how much the intention behind Brexit matter in negotiations with EU. Britain probably wants to negotiate similar deal as Norway has. Not in a EU, but member of EEA (European Economic Area ) and EFTA (European Free Trade Association). In the end Brits obey EU rules but they don't have a vote. If Britain starts to negotiate that kind of deal, does Brexit crowd rebel against it too? It's political defeat, sure. Otherwice I don't see how anything changes. Britain gets similar deal as Norway has. Not in a EU, but member of EEA (European Economic Area ) and EFTA (European Free Trade Association). There will be free travel, Britain will still pay for EU. Britain can even be participatory member in many EU institutions. The only difference is that Britain has no vote. Since Britain has always been the one to rebel against and drag it's feet in EU, this might actually speed up decision making in EU. >Why would EU member states do anything to help a country that is destabilising the entire EU project. It's not help. It's for the benefit of everyone. The whole point of EU is that it's not zero-sum game. Britain's negotiation position is weakened, but other EU countries want to get access into British markets just as much as Brits want to get into EU markets. >The EU is pissed at the UK right now and will not make it easy for them. There are attempts to anthropomorphize the situation to sell the news. There is no indication whatsoever that this narrative is true. In the end it's just another negotiation to get things going. Interests and offerings determine the positions. Working together gets UK and EU into where they both want and expands the pie. >Britain has more possibilities to align closer to Germany OR France This does not make any sense to me. Does anyone else think that way? I think you are just freely fantasizing. Collapse of EU would be disaster for everyone. If UK suffers -900 and Germany -1100 there is nothing to bargain. Close trade ties with EU are net win for both sides. 70% of British parliament and even bigger percentage of those who are negotiating deal with EU voted against Brexit. This would be interesting if the source could be trusted. But because it's just one guy with new throwaway writing in Reddit, it's useless. Risk is an umbrella term. The risk we are talking here is risk according to the modern portfolio theory. It's the variance of a portfolio. Index funds spread the risk across multiple stocks, to reduce variance. Stock markets have overall greater variance than bonds, so the risk of index funds is is higher than bonds. The risk decreases with time. This is why you should see index funds as long term investment. In 10-15 year time period total return of index funds is relatively low risk. There are other risks in all financial investments. Variance is not the only one. In the meantime while Nordics are home to just 3% of Europe’s population, it has created more than 50% of Europe’s Billion Dollar exits since 2005. If there is startup capital in Europe, it's Stockholm. https://medium.com/creandum-family/the-nordics-in-context-th... King (Candy Crush), Mojang (Minecraft), Rovio (Angry Birds), CCP Games (Eve online), Supercell (Clash of Clans), Unity (game engine) ... consumer grade The Slow, Sad, and Ultimately Predictable Decline of consumer grade 3-D Printing. Constant advances are made in additive manufacturing as well as subtractive manufacturing (machining). Serious hobbyist probably gets more joy from small CNC milling machine or lathe that works with metal and wood than 3-D printer that squirts out glue. Buying your own 3-D printer is usually completely unnecessary. There exists many companies that print what you want using high quality equipment if you send them blueprints. Making prototypes and special parts is getting much easier. You can print carbon fiber, titanium etc. or get precision milled parts from the net. Deep Learning: multi-level representational learning that works. Here is good authoritative definition: "Deep-learning methods are representation-learning methods with multiple levels of representation, obtained by composing simple but non-linear modules that each transform the representation at one level (starting with the raw input) into a representation at a higher, slightly more abstract level." from Deep Learning, Nature Volume 521 issue 7553, 2015, LeCun, Yann; Bengio, Yoshua; Hinton, Geoffrey History: Multi layer neural networks, convolution networks, recurrent networks etc. are old techniques that have existed for decades. They used to be very slow and using them seemed to be dead end theoretically.Canadian Mafia (Geoffrey Hinton, Yann LeCun and Yoshua Bengio) from University of Montreal worked diligently and solved many theoretical and practical problems and made these algorithms usable in practice. GPGPU:s hastened this process. It's very scary. Almost every time I check some thing in the news or public opinion, it's either wrong, misinterpreted or too simplified. Often it's just people talking from their ass. It's amazing how we can word as a society. While choice between tau and pi is arbitrary from mathematical point, things like pedagogy, notational simplicity and aesthetics matter. The reason why I think π is probably better choice is because small multiples of constant are cognitively easier to process than fractions. 2π is easier to write and see as single object than τ/2. All we need to do is to make slight cognitive adjustment and think and teach 2π as a number instead of 2×π. Toffler was one of those thinkers who shadow permeate our culture. If you read their books soon after they are published, you see the world developing trough the the lens of his ideas. If you first read their books several decades afterwards, you nod in agreement and are amazed how well this kindred spirit writes down what you have had in your mind, without realizing that you have been exposed to his ideas all this time and they are originally his. Don't drink caffeine 4-6 hours before midnight. Install F.lux or reshift. They adjust your display's color temperature automatically to nightime. Satellites can't provide enough bandwidth. We are talking about 1 Tb/s/km² for cities. I think many people fail to understand that safety critical software can't rely on "highly competent programmers". No matter how competent, programmers can't be trusted to write safety critical code. Safety critical software is all about the process and organization. The process must be so good that you can hire total newbie to write code and none of his sloppy work would get into the final product. What you need is software engineer who writes 20 lines of code and can then justify each of the 100 lines in a resulting spreadsheet that is full MC/DC code coverage in processor instruction level. Then you need two testing engineers who can do the same for code that others have written. Then you need everyone to go trough every change, justify them, rewrite tests and provide reports.