I'd be interested to see if anyone has any more information on this. I did a couple of google searches but didn't get anything other than the article itself and some unrelated guff (though this may be due to my inability to construct a suitable search string). True, but it's easy to forget that many people don't use compiler\architecture-specific extensions or pragmas (and probably don't even need to). I think the article provides a gentle nudge into the "think about what exactly you are telling the compiler" mindset for such people. Heh, I do like the "You can easily beat...." followed imediately by "It just takes time, effort..." - but you're absolutely right. I'm not sure that was his point though, coaxing the compiler into issuing better code by providing few hints doesn't necessarily require too much time or effort. Here in the UK they're often used as public lavatories, whether the phone is working or not Should I be concerned that I've never encountered these Hoare Triples before in my life? Even if Apple almost "acquired" you (I don't really get that impression), I'd say that penning a blog entry complaining about it is not the most productive thing to do (and might even cause investors in the future to think twice about getting involved with you). Or "then", as in "My spelling is worse then a child's" I'm 100% with Tim here, I've never felt the need to memorise the order of precendence for operators - as long as I've got my parens I'm happy. Luckily I seem to work with others who feel the same way. If we did have someone insistent on pushing the boundaries of readability I'd spend about a minute looking up the precedence rules then another few weeks framing the perpetrator for some real-life infraction as a form of punishment (depending on the particulars this could range from petty theft all the way through to light to medium treason) I dislike the tone of both this and "Where Does A Tree Get It's Mass" ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1480118 ). They both have a rather smug, superior air about them that I find really irritating. OK we get it, kids often struggle a bit in science classes and occasionally fumble for answers. This is nothing new as I imagine we have all done it at various points, and chiding students in blog entries doesn't help anyone. See I read the article as saying that the students are at fault for being all to ready to throw answers at the teacher which they didn't understand. Whereas I'd say that the students are simply a product of their environment, one (created by the teacher or a previous teacher, or a physics dept as a whole) where emphasis has shifted from understanding a subject into hitting enough keywords in your answer to get a passing grade - even if it turns out that the actual question might be a bit silly. For some reason most of the guys I want to uni with (Heriot-Watt) had "alias l=ls" in their .config. I've not seen this with guys I know who were at other unis or with anyone I currently work with. I know it clearly wasn't pioneered at HW (very little outside the area of brewing and distilling is), but I wonder why it had such a high penetration there. Perhaps we were all equally lazy, or a teaching assistant suggested it 1st year and it stuck? Thought I'd take the test for funsies (I am Scottish), but there's a couple of questions where there's no difference in the choices when I say them: How do you say the first A in PASTA? "Same A as in MAT or CAT" "Same A as in FATHER" How do you say the "oo" in ROOF? "Like the "oo" in FOOT" "Like the "oo" in FOOD" I ended up with "Northeast New England" accent Ha, I really like this guy. I started reading another one of his blog entries (a description of how compilers often optimise a divide by a constant where, instead of issuing an expensive divide, it multiplies by a "magic" number and then right shifts the result). After hitting lots of complex (for me anyway) mathematical proofs, my brain tuned out slightly until I saw "Did you skip ahead? It's OK. Here's the summary" I like to think he deliberately did that for hungover-yet-still-interested devs like myself. Is that 0.25 cents (as written) or 25 cents ? Before you can sit down and use VC++ you need to have already shelled out money for a windows license. Was C really obscure before Linus Torvalds released\popularised linux? I'm fairly young so I have no knowledge of this, but it feels wrong. edit: just noticed a discussion about this exists already. That'll teach me to read all the comments in future :) I'm with you, I just started for a finance-y company and was rather shocked to see various non-developer\IT people tabbing over to MS SQL Management Studio every few minutes, running queries and updating tables! Private Eye also refer to outsourcing firm Capita as "Crapita", which is less funny but still makes me chuckle each time I see it You can give up banking? > By not exercising your mind regularly with trivial problems (such as indices in `for` loops), you tend to be less awake, if not a bit dumber. There's plenty of things to discuss in high vs low level languages, but...laziness due to abstracting loop indexes out of the equation? Really? Rob Beschizza points out that "speeding up Sigur Ros," however "does not result in Biebage": http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6YC0zy1IYY&feature=playe... I sat throught he pain of configuring\testing boost on a set (non GNU\GCC) dev tools for embedded platform and the build times were painfully slow - around 15 minutes was common even for reasonable sized tests. A fresh build of the boost libraries themselves - hours. This was cross-compiled. We had just implemented the full (as opposed to abridged) C++ libraries so obviously we decided to make sure that our customers could use them fully, however given that this was new support there was a distinct lack of test cases. Someone suggested that Boost exercised this functionality pretty well (some customers previously complained that they had been prevented from using boost before due to our only supporting the abridged libraries so this was actually a good idea), someone decided that I should be in charge of this. What it amounted to was debugging horrible compiler crashes, broken library behaviour and spending a long time deciphering huge template names. This caused me to hate C++ more than you can ever imagine. I swear whoever decided to stitch templates together in the way Boost does has never had to debug a development compiler, this broke almost every part of the toolchain. Ugh. I'm strangely disappointed - I have no idea who the guy is (hoped it was an F1 legend or something), and he was apparently our noses the whole time (appearing in a number of episodes)! Weird that he would out himself though, Das Telefonbuch have a system where you can look up someone's name in a town, and list their address and provide links to view satellite images of the street: http://www.dastelefonbuch.de/ If Germans were really more conscious of privacy then I suspect they'd be worried about this, but as previous posters have said it's more down to misinformation and exaggeration. I'm with you, I mean there's obviously an explanation but why not make it absolutely crystal clear in the video? This article has nothing to do with Dr Kamerschen, here's an extract from his page at http://davidk.myweb.uga.edu/ "Contrary to Internet folklore, Dr. Kamerschen is NOT the author of "Tax Cuts: A Simple Lesson in Economics" or “Bar Stool Economics” or anything similar to that. Additionally, he does NOT know who wrote it and he has no opinion on its merits." I usually write out a bunch of names without thinking to hard about them and then try to read them. In this instance, given that you've already had showButton and shouldShowButton i'd probably look at: result = buttonShown() result = buttonVisible() result = buttonIsVisible() result = visibleButton() result = !buttonHidden() To a lot of programmers this would seem like a waste of time, but I'm with the article's author (and, I'd hope, other HN readers) in that it's time well spent. I can vouch for this, the graduate programmers in the US in a company I worked for were taking in around double what we were in Scotland. That said, our wages were a damn sight higher than our counterparts in China and India but at least everyone else got to live somewhere interesting :) Interesting to see Chile so far down the list (well, 49th) given how keen they have been to attract startups recently. Really? What about if a company was recruiting for a C# role but would also accept candidates proficient in C or C++? This article in The Atlantic is actually written by Alston Chase himself - the gentleman Jad and Robert talk to in the Radiolab piece. It's in the context of football that I really struggle to contain myself, and I'm not a grammar nazi any other time. "Manchester United is going to win", or "Scotland has no chance", Argh!! I've no real reason to hate this, but it just feels wrong! And "Manchester United Football Club is going to win the Premiership" sounds to me as incorrect as "Manchester United is going to win the Premiership" No matter what justification you use, " is..." will sound wrong to english speakers in the UK, Aus, NZ and a couple of other places (bar the person higher up in this thread who says they never notice it :)) Quake3's Fast InvSqrt function: http://www.beyond3d.com/content/articles/8/ It's been discussed here before, and no doubt it'll be cited numerous times in the comments of that reddit post, but it was the first time I'd ever seen such trickery. When I got into low level DSP programming I saw many more examples of clever hacks, but this is the one which sticks in my mind above all of those. The Daily Mail is famous for stories like these. See the website "Kill or Cure" ( http://kill-or-cure.heroku.com ) Weird, mine is at 3.1. Got me thinking that it'd be interesting to know what the mean or median karma rating is, and if by some weird coincidence we are close to it. This information is of no value whatsoever, mind, but I'm curious nonetheless! Let's not forget that it could be redeployed in the event that a water fight breaks out Interesting, I took the OP's question to mean spoken language rather than programming language. Looks like it could be either. I'd go for Swedish, as Sweden is a really cool place I'd dearly love to spend more time in (if I could afford it :)) Admittedly my answer didn't include anything to justify the "extremely in demand" part - my brain went into dreamland briefly. A lot of people talk about how Chinese would be a key language to know for conducting business in the mid-to-long term, which is what I thought he was driving at. Though I imagine you need longer than 4-5 years to be useful at Chinese, as per this previous HN story - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1368051 There is a school of thought that once Nazis are invoked, the argument is automatically forfeit by whomever issued the remark. This is a really interesting insight into an aspect of a game I'd normally never give much though to. Very good article indeed. However I noticed something in this that I HATE seeing in real life, variables (ok "properties", here) prepended with a character or characters indicating type (seems only booleans here, bBlah and such). I honestly can't say why it bothers me, but it makes code really tough to read. It really shouldn't, I mean it technically should be useful as it gives a bit more info to the person reading the code, but I find it infuriating. I wonder if anyone else has this possibly irrational hatred. While the link is down I'm going to rant about the british rail system :) Can anyone suggest any reason why it costs me upwards of £25 if I want to take the train from Edinburgh to visit my parents in Montrose (distance is 59 miles), while I can fly to Stockholm, Berlin, Paris (ie completely different countries, thousand miles or more) for the same price or less? This is including the weird charges tacked on at the end by Ryanair, easyjet and the like. Oops, I got the distance by looking at google maps and gauging the approximate distance using the scale at the bottom left - then used the wrong units from what I intended. I would have fit in perfectly in the Mars Climate Orbiter team :D I presumed that it was a minor think-o and that c2 meant "the best\most appropriate tool in my toolbox". That's certainly what the rest of the comment seems to imply anyway. Very well said. I've seen the same with "Cranberry juice drink". It's not cranberry juice, it's a cranberry juice-ish kinda drink. I first ran into the tool used in the article when I was working in the compiler team of a company that produced DSPs. I figured I'd fire up a set of 100 randomly generated tests to see how we coped. I was astonished, these few tests yielded something like 5 serious bugs (crashes, bad optimisations) in the development branch. That was only when built -O (full optimisation, rarely reveals bugs) on a single architecture, if I'd spent a bit more time I reckon I could've uncovered a few more just be adding or changing the build switches alone for the same tests. Unfortunately I wasn't able to do this, as I was let go shortly afterwards and wasn't able to convince anyone that we should include this in regular testing before I left. I wasn't even able to submit bug reports to John Regehr and his team at Utah University - who were curious about what kinds of bugs their tool was uncovering - even though I promised I would. Cryptonomicon, perhaps? I loved that book Quite a low-key year for me, and perhaps of little interest to the wider HN community, but it's nice for me to take stock of these things. Lows: - Was made redundant - messed up with a few incredible girls through apathy or equally stupid things Highs\Successes: - immediately found better paying job - started playing football again - paid off overdraft and CC debts - resolved to move away from the UK Next year: - turn 25 (this is an achievable goal) - act more\quicker\at all on any software ideas I have - save money and - decide where I want to go (Canada, Aus, NZ, elsewhere in the EU) then just pack up do it This is what I love about this part of the year. Even if you've had a fairly crummy time of it in previous months (mine was so-so), you can't but help feeling optimistic at the opportunity to starting the new year afresh. Good luck in taking 2011 by the horns and getting what you want out of life! "It gives less of a shite than a French man smoking a cigarette in public" Um...what? > The comment, to me, is a distraction Perhaps a little reflection is in order, you were originally unhappy that the comment I made might have distracted from, or derailed, any possible discussion. Then, rather than turning the other cheek, you opted to kick off a discussion which has ironically created a genuine distraction. update: This reply was a little bit cheeky and I subsequently sent stanleydrew an email to apologise. There's a comment which suggested that this happened in "England" (the UK, grrr) but the roles were reversed and Groupon did this to a local competitor. Does anyone know anything about this? Quote: "and this was after you did the same thing to some poor guy in england." Have a look at the article, the quote in question was said on the phone to some higher-up in Hamas after it was discovered they were operating undercover doing shady business in Dubai I suspect the Oxford\Cambridge undergrad interviews have less to do with assessing technical competency and more to do with providing admissions with a reason to discriminate against state-educated kids. The amount of Oxbridge intake come from private schools is disproportionately high to be due to exam results alone, and is better explained by an ingrained negative view of those with a state education or old boys networks. I've seen this in action, exceptional state school students turned down from Oxford, and utter buffoons (but with the correct background and accent) being accepted. Same thing here in Scotland. However even though we have plenty of good universities, we don't have anything quite like MIT, Harvard or Caltech. Weird, sometimes the text is in second person ("Your older sister is the most popular...") other times third ("Python cares deeply about you..."). Not particularly entertaining anyway. In the UK there's the British Universities competition (used to be BUSA in my day, now it's BUCS - http://www.bucs.org.uk ). It can in no way compete with US college football in terms of attendance or revenue. However there is no revenue to speak of, teams are funded by each Uni's sports union and by the players themselves. And all the money goes towards paying for facilities, transportation and maybe new strips every other year. All the same it exists, it's well organised and has many thousands of participants in lots of sports each wednesday afternoon. In scotland rugby developed this way, so that now the "FP" (i.e. school) teams feature promininently in the top two tiers: GHA, Boroughmuir, Watsonians, Heriots, Dundee High, Edinburgh Academicals, Aberdeen Grammar, Stewart's Melville are all such teams. School\Uni rugby (universities compete in a separate competition) is the closest equivalent we have, though it's utterly unable to compete in terms of attendance and money :) Nope, alcoholism is not hilarious. It's pretty sad. Yep, me too. I'm pretty nervous at interviews already, so I reckon I'd melt down if I was presented with some of the questions without having vaguely prepared. But I suppose that's why the page is there, not so we can feel stupid but so we can re-engage that "solve arbitrary problem X" mentality. I'm in a maintenance role right now and it's really getting to me. I should quit, but I'm reasonably well paid (so I can save plenty to quit when I've had enough), and I feel some kind of duty to the fellow members of my team. What gets me is that the original developers get the praise and recognition that comes with releasing something, and are then moved onto new projects. They never have to deal with fixing the bugs they've created, so they have little idea what a pain in the ass it is to maintain their code and do the same shit on the next project (which we'll have to maintain soon enough). When I do a good job of fixing bugs it makes it look like their shitty code works, but when I fail to fix a critical one in a timely it reflects badly on my abilities (even though it's primarily due to a poorly written and poorly documented code in the first place) and makes my team and the company look bad. Anyway, I suppose I've not really contributed much to the discussion but maybe this rant will take the sting out of going into work tomorrow. "Because so many sites — including TIME — use Facebook's user-tracking "Like" button, Zuckerberg is able to collect information about people who aren't even users of his site" I thought you had to have a facebook account to "like" something, either on facebook itself or sites with the FB "like" link. Anyone know otherwise? edit: Just logged out of FB, opened a random Time article ( http://www.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599,2049569,00.htm... ) and clicked "like" - and was asked to login to FB. Hmm I like the "Banana Equivalent Dose" measurement: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banana_equivalent_dose Anyone care to suggest the reason behind the four notes that are repeated over and over (occasionally with slightly different filters)? Agreed, to repeatedly trivialise the Dubai situation as "penis envy" is lazy. To then continue to spit out angry generalisations that would not look out of place on Fox News (without citing anything) is tedious at best. There's an excellent story waiting to be told about what happened in Dubai and what may happen in the future, but this isn't it. Another rather lazy article, playing on boring stereotypes, pedestrian anecdotes and uninteresting conclusions. We're all aware of national stereotypes, and we're used to seeing lame stand up comics riff on them, however it's unusual to see the FT stoop so low. If Simon Kuper (a Brit, though one with a sheltered upbringing it seems) thinks Brits are reserved and prudish, I suggest he visits Glasgow, Newcastle or indeed any city on a Friday or Saturday night. I dare say he might witness similar revelations if he were to explore other cultures further, rather than drawing on boring clichés. I wonder which Ronaldo he meant. I can't quite get over the moody, cheating side of Cristiano Ronaldo to appreciate his abilities. Having a Cristiano Ronaldo as a developer would be a bloody nightmare. It'd be like having a co-worker who turned in some inspired code, but who lied, stole, picked fights and was generally a chore to be around. I hope he meant Brazil's Ronaldo circa 2002 :) Aha the author. I enjoyed your article, but I might be biased as I love football and I quite like C! Right in that scenario the salary was a question "how would $80k do?", in my experience employers have rarely been so cavalier. They're a little more firm, i.e. "The offer is £80k" I'd be interested to see if anyone had a good comeback for that I think Linus forgets that at one point he too was inexperienced and liable to make these hit-and-hope fixes. I agree with his point in general, but the dickish manner in which it's delivered isn't particularly helpful ("Why don't we write code that just works?") Yep, that'd be an excellent way to word it. As I said I don't disagree with the point, I just dislike how Linus addresses people sometimes. I listen to what they say. I just lose respect for the person if they act like a bit of an idiot while delivering it. This is not helpful if the person is meant to be in a supervisory\managerial role. Confusing downvote, I honestly can't see what could be disagreeable or controversial about this comment (particularly given it's inflammatory parent comment) but never mind! I'm with you, I've read that article (and some more of a similar flavour) and I can't believe anyone would recommend starting a business in Russia. Probably the same reason the UK license-fee-funded BBC initially supported iPlayer on Windows only - it's the most popular tablet platform (or so I believe). The Kindle\Android flavours are apparently on their way, let's give them a chance eh. >> I have been pointed that the population I was using for "Ireland" is indeed the population of the entire island, so Republic of Ireland (Eire) plus Northern Ireland (Ulster). Wonder if it's worth pointing out Northern Ireland != Ulster, he seems keen on correctness I didn't fill mine in, whoops Genie is from the arabic "jinn" Heh, I got one line of black-on-white text describing a database error. Thought it was some kind of joke Downvoting seems a little harsh for just getting a conjecture incorrect - you get an upvote from me for being inquisitive Great list, The Vice Guide to North Korea was what I was going to recommend Wow, link overload in that post. Did he really feel the need to link to the US Government wikipedia page? and node.js Quite fancy playing around - sean dot mclemon at gmail.com, if anyone is still checking this 503 error - "Please try again later" Oh the irony Yep, the Safari logo in particular does it for me as they've attempted to make it look ever so slightly different ("Nooo, see this one's green and the compass dial is pointing at a TOTALLY different angle"). Just reminds me of the rather awful OS X-like skins you see for Winamp or basically any skinnable application. Bleh Which part of the theme? The netscape navigator icon was just a circular logo with a big "N" and the icon for the old Communicator browser was a Lighthouse - which is only vaguely related in a nautical\navigatey sort of way OK so a ship's wheel is again in the nautical ballpark, but not really the same thing as a compass The title is a little misleading, there's only a few techniques and it seems that one of the more interesting ones ("Unsafe" class) is only available in some JVMs, one doesn't help with speed in many cases (compressed strings) and a couple of the others boil down to "use DirectByteBuffers". I thought it was pretty sneaky to switch the base size of the tower of money in the WTC pic. For one thing including any rendition of the WTC is a powerful image, one that's usually invoked on purpose to stir emotion. Secondly to inflate, compared to the other pictures, the quantity on display is rather deceptive. Is it someone with an axe to grind, or a political motivation? The WTC imagery + "WOW LOOK AT THIS DEBT WE SOMEHOW FIND OURSELVES IN ALL OF A SUDDEN" smacks of the Tea Party\far right to me... Linus lives in the US These are getting a little long in the tooth, wonder if they'll continue to be effective for much longer. >> The debt is $14T, the deficit is just over a billion The US budget deficit is far more than $1 billion. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-03-10/u-s-had-record-222-... Which chip? ADI's SHARC has that and it's far from "really silly" "Just like ICQ" What's it used for in the porn industry, do you know? I didn't know there'd much need for IMing I felt something similar last year, and negotiated with my boss a few months off work. I went travelling round Australia, NZ and SE Asia and completely removed work from my mind. I just returned this week and I'm feeling enriched, refreshed and eager to get stuck into work again. Time off like this really helps with burnout, I cannot recommend it highly enough. I was away for just over three months (16th December to 1st April) By the same token, you could take a look at the top users (or just number of users in general) in project euler and note that China doesn't have a particularly huge representation: http://projecteuler.net/eulerians http://projecteuler.net/countries You can't draw the kind of conclusion the New Statesman has from just one website. Interesting, I got what you meant straight away and thought it would be interesting to see what happens too. Shame eh! I think the case is that cash tips should be declared on tax forms, but rarely are (at least that's how it is in the UK) I don't think that's why these stats are interesting. There seems to be a stereotype of lazy Greeks being bailed out by hard-working Germans. These OECD stats (which I originally checked out after an episode of Radio Open Source featuring economist Mark Blyth) show that this is just another example of an ugly, incorrect stereotype. German banks have substantial exposure in Greece and other troubled Eurozone countries, through bonds/loans. Those bailouts (and we're getting a little vague here) are often used to service these debts, allowing said banks to report a profit and pretend their investments were sound in the first place. Interesting that we rarely look at who lent Greece such vast quantities in the first place. Wait he's got no DRM but he's slapped a 4 download limit on them? Unless I've misunderstood that seems a bit weird Anyone care to explain how medicare + medicaid (which don't apply to everyone) manage to consume 23.2% of the US budget - yet the UK's National Health Service, which does cover everyone, only takes up 10.7% of it's budget[1]. The NHS, for it's flaws, is starting to seem like a bargain. [1] http://www.ukpublicspending.co.uk/uk_health_care_budget_2009... Update: i'm an idiot and read the "Public net debt" row instead (just skimmed to the bottom row and presumed that'd be a sum). The actual percentage is 17.09% which is considerably higher than I originally had it, but still a great deal less than the US. >> Scotland (for now, lets see how the independence referendum goes) is NHS (national health service) based Scotland leans left, there's no way the NHS is going even if independence is granted. Agreed, after about six paragraphs he dials it down slightly but there's still a lot of text which I found painful to read. >> The production is cheaper since the MB does not need an extra "install ram" step which is probably a human. I suspect that's not true. I reckon it's more likely they're changing a "slot RAM into place" step with a "solder RAM into place" step. That said they'll probably be able to simplify the case and design the mainboard however they place, since they'll no longer need to provide easy access to the RAM slots. Not sure if it's just me, but those guys come across as extremely unlikeable in that video. I don't get how they seem oblivious to why Jon is upset about it, and even at one point one gets (faux?) annoyed that real Jon is telling people following fake Jon to stop doing so. I dunno, I felt like they dodged questions and twisted Jon's words which makes me think of slimy politician-speak. This coupled with their attempts to spin it as some kind of academic pursuit and the paranoid "you're trying to control us" intro just made me uneasy. I don't really have a strong opinion on the actual bots themselves, hell I wrote one to ape the physicist Brian Cox ( http://blog.mclemon.cz/notbriancox-i-do-some-stupid-things-w... ) after reading about Markov Chains one lunchtime - though I only posted a couple tweets and made it very clear it wasn't impersonating him. Your final answer doesn't make sense, and suggests the OP was implying something that he really wasn't. Take a look at them side by side to see what I mean: Q. Can someone please explain to me why people need 150HP engines unless they're pulling a trailer? A. Because they don't live in a fascist state Another one of Amazon's which frustrated me was that after a few years of buying similar items (programming books, computer odds and ends etc) it started recommending reasonable things. Then I put in an order for two children's books for my mother (who teaches young kids), and from that moment on Amazon somehow only recommended kids books to me. It's never really recovered, however since I bought a blackberry cover a year or so ago it has started recommending other blackberry covers so I guess it's sort of improved. Minor aside, is "I conjecture" valid English? I'm not criticising, just curious and in the pub. Minor aside, is "I conjecture" valid English? I'm not criticising, just curious and in the pub. I don't get it, is there a connection between the numbers 123456 and 1667 I'm missing? Is it displaying as grey text on a brown background for everyone else? That's nigh-on unreadable edit: maybe not grey but some colour which doesn't contrast with brown at all Ah there we go, I didn't think to refresh :/ One of those days Nope it was just me being an idiot :) It's a European gas and oil company edit: just went through this again and the "mermaid" logo referred to is the Starbucks one. I never really thought about it being a mermaid before Why the "donttaseme" in the query string? This bugs the hell out of me, what is wrong with little flag + two letter code to indicate the current language, and maybe a little arrow to indicate that it is a menu you can select from. You've read through the entire article which indicates huge levels of corruption, and your conclusion is simply "Giving away things for free/subsidy is the root cause of the problem"? Is it not the intention to replace directgov, rather than integrate with it? Just remembered that I found Donald Trump on this a while back - he was flying in to my home city of Aberdeen: http://blog.mclemon.cz/i-found-donald-trump-in-flight-radar-... Good question. He has been back and forth to Aberdeen setting up some gaudy trump branded golf resort. A couple of days after I took the screenshot he appeared before the Scottish parliament in Edinburgh. This is how I concluded he was in the plane, though I admit there is a minor chance that I am mistaken! The site itself is fantastic though, I could spend ages just finding out what planes are going where and thinking about where I might visit next. Plus the coloured trails to indicate the altitude are a lovely touch. edit: it was during this time (excellent clip, by the way) http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/thu-april-26-2012/hairland... "I'm a developer with public repository. I've been using github.com since NaN." I think it should read "I'm a developer with a public repository" and the NaN thing is a bit odd. (I was just curious what my resume would look like as I don't use github much) Ireland is a bit more expensive (salaries + living expenses) than Scotland though, isn't it? I am just basing this on what I remember from being in Ireland a few years back, and on being from Scotland. Many people will want to sell their iphone in a years time and buy the new iteration. A mint condition one will fetch a greater price than a slightly scratched one. Weird, Adolf Hitler is meant to have a Bacon number of 3, but he doesn't return anything on Google. From the Wikipedia page: Adolf Hitler was in Ewige Jude, Der (1940) with Curt Bois Curt Bois was in Great Sinner, The (1949) with Kenneth Tobey Kenneth Tobey was in Hero at Large (1980) with Kevin Bacon The page no longer works (I clicked it about 30 seconds ago, it loaded successfully then I accidentally hit ctrl-w and then tried to reopen it: and now I get "404 Page Not Found") They shouldn't really be inexperienced with coloured aluminium after the last few years of coloured iPod Nanos and Shuffles Maybe I'm being stupid but I cannot find any maps on the Bing app. I open the app up and I get presented with a search bar and a picture of some mountains, touching the screen anywhere doesn't bring up any options for different types of searches (i.e. I wanted a map-specific one). Searching for my town "Brno" just brings up regular search results with no option to view a map. Searching for "London" brings up more, so there's a new header giving me the options of narrowing my results by "all", "images", "video" or "news" but still no maps. This is not a suitable replacement for Google maps, I'll be deleting it. There's a good semi-serious rant by comedian Brian Limond on the reverse (though I have a feeling that there are plenty of other rants on this topic): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnGPgCVJUsI I would claim not to mind it, but when I think for a minute I realise that the spelling of various words like "fibre" annoy me, as well as the mm/dd/yy format (and "November 15th" instead of "November the 15th"), and describing football/sports teams as "it" instead of "they" (i.e. "Real Madrid is on an amazing run of form" vs "Real Madrid are on an amazing run of form"). Yeah some of the sketches are a bit tough, but overall I like him. His twitter is ridiculous though, worth following for at least a week or so - you'll see what I mean. If you look back at Niger though they've had a similar pyramid for the last 20 years, and it's not helped. Due to famine, illness or whatever there seems to be a fairly high mortality rate which prevents this. I'm curious about this line, too. I wonder if it's maybe just a wee joke hey pixelbeat, another one for the list - looks like "octal" returns the number of search results in octal You're absolutely right, all it is missing is a pic of the "parked domain girl". I cannot put my finger on why exactly it looks like a parked domain, however. Yep, same for me. Delicious irony in my opinion You're disappointed with a product you haven't used yet? One way to inhibit optimisations we used was to declare one of the variables involved as "volatile". I'm not sure about MS, Intel, GCC etc but ours took this as a sign to not run any optimisation passes over code involving volatile variables. The UK too. What's the options for those not eligible? The fact that these nationalities are excluded from this visa and that there are a large-ish number of such nationals currently resident in the US suggests that there is some legit route available. Not sure why this is downvoted, while it's not a solution I'd pursue it is a valid response. I think it's just meant to mean "million" but it's used a lot in the VC/startup community in valuations (" CompanyX receives $10MM in angel funding" etc). I think it has come from finance originally, but either way I think it's unnecessary. I did this in the last election I voted in (last UK general election) - spoiling my ballot by voting into an extra box I drew labelled "Robert Mugabe :)" It would be nice if your after-tax pay was included in the chart alongside your tax rate and inflation-adjusted income. I have accidentally enabled this a million times and I've no idea what it does other than messing up my keyboard. This is a nice visualisation but it's not clear to me what the purpose of it is - other than the immediate "WOW look how much is spent on Police + Prisons!" that struck me. Or is it simply a "check it out, I know what comprises Philadelphia's budget...". I'm a total outsider so I admit it's entirely likely that this means something to folks living there. But either way it would be nice if there was a little blurb on what he's trying to say or some attempt to explain what the budget would look like if he was elected. As it is this is simply "Look at this budget, just look at it". > The collective and violent claims by others stop my ability to leave since all habitable land is claimed Not true, Bir Tawil [1] is an 800 sq mile territory unclaimed by both of the countries which surround it - Egypt and Sudan. However I'm sure that after a short while there the infrastructure, public works, etc referenced by one of the parent posters will be sorely missed. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bir_Tawil I also recommend the book he wrote by the same title, featuring some of the same essays/articles featured in the broadcast and a good deal more. If you're in the US it should be no bother to find, but if you're abroad it'll take a bit of searching (or ordering from the US) Just adding a bit of background on the title - it's a play on Wu Tang's "C.R.E.A.M." ("Cash Rules Everything Around Me"). Or someone got the report a few hours early, didn't want to be seen to jump the gun (insider trading, and all that) and kicked off a new trading strategy 400ms earlier than they intended... Well it seems to be known that the report is due for 10.30am, so it is possible. Just an additional possibility, though nanex are far more experienced in explaining odd activity in the markets than I am :) Sounds cool but sadly hasn't worked for the letters I often need but haven't easy access to (czech characters like: ř, ď and š). Perhaps because the element that makes them distinct from the latin (the "haček") is so tiny. Edit, I just drew the ř larger and it recognised it correctly. Cool :) I've heard bad things on HN (possibly from yourself) about government startup funding in Finland - something along the lines of there are a small number of entrepreneurs favoured by the government who receive investments and produce some mediocre product doomed to fail and repeat semi-regularly. Is this anything close to the truth or did I misunderstand/mis-remember this? So it sounds like I'm mistaken then, hmm in that case I wonder what I was reading on this topic. When it does it's really pretty, very old fashioned looking "Europe is full of hate and hatred - no wonder why guns are outlawed. It keeps some balance" I dunno, you've lived in a smallish city in France (a country known for not being particularly welcoming of foreign folks) and you're generalising your experience to a fucking huge continent. Frankly it sounds like something else has pissed you off and I'd be really interested to know what. Personally I live in the Czech Republic, itself seen as being rather insular and apprensive about outsiders particularly in the less-visited regions (I live in Brno, a few hours from Prague). Hate and Hatred are in short supply here, curiousity and unfamiliarity yes but not hatred. Although I'm Scottish, in my local (completely non-English speaking, outside the centre) pub I'm fondly received and often a subject of interest, particularly with my Indian girlfriend. I reckon you should reconsider whether or not your experience is a weird anomaly or post something slightly more critical of a particular area rather than an entire continent. I worked in the same company (Hey Andrew!). It would definitely depend on the specific instructions/optimisations involved but I believe they were generally pretty robust to changes. Some would require the user to supply pragmas (i.e. to specify data alignment, etc) but obviously the compiler intrinsics would always generate the expected instructions. I wonder how compatible the Photoshop 1.0 code is with this and how much effort it would take to get it vaguely working. I recall there being a shedload of assembly which would obviously need ported/rewritten and presumably there'd be old MacOS API calls which would need to be handled so I'd suspect a fair amount of work there. However does anyone know if the rest of the code would be fine? It doesn't say that he reboots the compromised machines, just that if the sysadmin happens to reboot then the bot would disappear. Yep there's an excellent answer by jcmontalbano further down the page which explains why it's not simply due to height alone. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5437406 > the first was found because of an audit The IRS audited a 10 year old? This looks fantastic but hearing the shutter release every few minutes would've irritated the hell out of me if I was sitting anywhere near him on that flight. The "STOP SPENDING SO MUCH MONEY ON HELICOPTERS AND MANAGEMENT CONSULTANTS" line reminded me of this piece, from the excellent Armando Iannucci Shows: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSJggp-mbiA&t=50s I hadn't actually made that connection! I count three comments on this page (so far) from ex-chemists who are glad to have that world behind them. I never knew it was so dangerous! Perhaps but the main thing was that within 15 minutes of a story hitting HN three people had mentioned the same reasons for leaving. This is something I see on The Guardian and it infuriates me no end. I end up randomly clicking on articles, even adverts (deliberate maybe?) accidentally as they load and shove what I wanted to click down the page... Yes, re-read my original comment: do you really think I am drawing a conclusion about an entire field from three anecdotes on HN, or that maybe the "dangerous" comment was me being light hearted? I just thought it was odd that in such a short space the same thing was cited multiple times, nothing more. Not sure about elsewhere in the world but in the UK "shat" is a sort-of fun past tense for "shit", e.g. "Ian shat in his pants" I don't know the joke, could you explain? Googling it didn't give me any hints (the top result is an article at The Onion "Area Man Constantly Mentioning He Doesn't Own A Television") This is just a taste of what it's like to be a european buying electronics from US firms - i.e. the US price=1000 USD, UK price=1000 GBP (1526 USD). I'd count yourself lucky the discrepancy is only 45 dollars :) edit: not to detract from what is indeed an annoying problem, which you appear to have solved anyway This is actually quite a Scottish accent, however it does not really fit with the stereotype (Groundskeeper Willy et al). To me (a Scot) it sounds very similar to George Galloway's accent: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_AOTexf6uc There are numerous distinct accents across Scotland despite it being a pretty tiny country. Haha, your average Scot might get upset by any implication that our accent is in any way "goofy" but I completely understand what you mean Brno resident here, I can whole-heartedly second this. I'm not sure why this is but I've seen and heard it plenty of times. Similar situation and I also don't mind - my novelty domain\site ( http://taps.af ) is an obscure reference to a Scottish phrase that was just a silly weekend project as a result of a drunken joke with some friends. I'm sure everyone else is aware of how local government websites look in their own parts of the world - but for a similar-sized UK city Edinburgh City Council's website is a good (i.e. bad) example for comparison: http://www.edinburgh.gov.uk True but nobody's saying they should - it's just a good example of a cluttered and disorganised website Or you could add this little bookmarklet to clear the lightbox: http://blog.mclemon.cz/hiding-foreign-policys-social-media-p... Correct this branding is all over Edinburgh, perhaps to hark back to some ancient celtic roots. I'm not a fan either. > Medication is always exactly £7 Except in Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales where since 2011 it is always exactly £0 http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-12928485 You don't even need to be a particularly smart hacker. Even just dumping a screenshot of the page [1] using phantomjs gives you a relatively legible image. [1] http://blog.mclemon.cz/apple-nucaptcha-easy-to-break I'm starting to think we're stretching the definition of "beautiful" nowadays. I see it every other day describing js libraries etc and now this. The technical stuff behind this is interesting and sort-of impressive but "beautiful" is going a bit far. Only twice? I've never know the ins and outs of the military (and ex-PFC Wintergreen is the closest I'll probably ever know to people being demoted or missing promotion) however this seems incredibly harsh. GPA seems to be an American thing. I graduated Uni in 2007 (in Scotland) and I've never been asked mine. If anyone doesn't get the "hunter2" reference: http://www.bash.org/?244321 I tried to visit when I was last there but the DLR was out of action completely, and when I asked the staff how else I might get there from where I was they were completely out of ideas (one said "nah you're pretty much fucked...") Looks like it only works for images, is this intended? I saw a reference to this on the original seasons of Arrested Development, however I thought it was something ridiculous the show's writers had concocted. I had absolutely no idea that it was parodying real life. You might mean "voila", not "wala" Your post could've done without the first paragraph - the "I prefer that we kept all politics off Hacker News" was sufficient without the over-the-top generalisations like "anti-American granola eating hippy". This is something people frequently ignore, and point to the areas of the US being culturally diverse as an excuse for poor school results or high crime. This annoys me slightly as it carries an implication that there are some ethnic backgrounds which are inherently bad\stupid\poor\whatever. In Scotland there's a fair amount of male Kellys and Lesleys which also appear to have slowly evolved into female names in the rest of the English speaking world (as far as I can see) The pictures he takes reminds me of those deceptive "before" and "after" shots from makeover shows (dour, poorly lit shot before, and lovely smiling pic after). It starts with him looking a bit peaky with his face illuminated by artificial light and ends with him grinning in the sunshine. I am, I just reckon this is not quite the same. Some shitty pixellated signatures are not a particularly big deal Actually if you look through the signatures I grabbed, a lot of them are just a big capital "D", a random squiggle or just the same name as is published but in a semi-legible form I didn't even think of it as a security thing. A surname, signature and vague region in a country is not a particularly narrow combination. I was mostly just wanting to look at the signatures themselves - I'm not by any stretch of the imagination expert in breaking security. Any idiot could take a URL and increment a param in the URL. As to why I shared the script, I dunno I just figured others might find it interesting - though on reflection it's not particularly advanced. I've no intention of visiting the US anyway. I'll submit that it was not smart to collate them into a tarball and bung them into my dropbox This is odd, you say setting passcode lock to "5 min" worked but "immediate" didn't. Someone else said the exact opposite. I've tried both with no luck. In the video the person appears to also hold the "home" key while cancelling (or a just tap split second prior, maybe?), too but no mention is made of this. Not that it matters to the resolution of the vulnerability - I'm sure Apple will be in a position to repro and fix it - but I wish for the sake of my own curiousity that these things are described in more detail. I'm not sure about the downvotes either, maybe HN dislikes things like "/facepalm" (I don't care, btw). However I share your disbelief. The guy was running a fairly advanced, high profile, illegal market online and a key piece of evidence linking him to this crime was down him messing up something really pretty simple in a PHP script and asking on a programming Q&A site - that's pretty astonishing. It seems strange that the UAE is so high on that list, the impression I got from my admittedly limited experience (an 18 hour stopover hanging out in the city) is that it's definitely not cheap. However I can personally vouch for the cheapness, safeness and friendliness of Georgia (I'd stick Armenia on that list too, to be honest). Very lovely place, I'd be very tempted to set up there if I had the opportunity, same goes for Armenia and Montenegro. Brno, Czech Republic: 55cm\21in Margherita, 239 CZK ($12.65) - http://www.pizza-taxi.cz/jidelni-listek.html (Disclaimer: not an economist, it's likely I'm talking nonsense) This is one of those situations where it's hard to grasp what exactly is right to do, and where the media doesn't really help. Individually it makes sense to save money, but as many people will no doubt note it is harmful if everyone does it - less money circulating meaning a slower recovery overall. It's also slightly counter-intuitive, the financial crisis came about due in no small part to under-capitalised banks so therefore it seems reasonable to think that more savings deposits and fewer mortgages\loans is a healthy sign. Another confusing thing I've seen during reporting on the financial crisis is conflicting views on the prices of housing. Prices were sky-high during the boom, and to me it seems plainly obvious that they were not the correct value and needed to return to normal. Yet falling house prices are reported negatively, and rising prices are cheered. I can see why individually some people (home owners) would want to have rising prices, but surely overall a return to the sort of pre-boom valuations overall are what we should be aiming for. Oh well, not entirely sure what I'm trying to say, maybe just "Finance is weird"? I'm usually not one to complain about what hits #1 spot on Hacker News, but this boils down to "I like T-Mobile, their customer service is good and I have a good plan with them" but not much else. Would it have been so highly upvoted if it wasn't from the "A VC" blog? I suspect not. When I was a student in Edinburgh in our last flat we decided to pay GBP 30/month for the "usual" cable channels and something like 5mbps internet (as at about 2005-7), and made the conscious decision to avoid pay the extra 10 pounds per month because we can always go to the pub to watch the SPL or the Premiership. Thing is, we'd go to the pub every other week and shell out 3 pounds per pint each time, stay for 2-3 games (sometimes more as La Liga is often on later) which between 3 of us would usually top out at around 20-25 quid each saturday. I'm not sure how the US works, but even if you're a "sparkling water, please" person it's likely that paying a little extra for the sports channels is works out cheaper than going to the pub. "I"m married to a Brit" Is there a proper word to describe this? For example: * "Jim is British" - "British" is the demonym * "Jim is a Brit" - "Brit" is the ____ I'm not sure what the correct google search term would be to find out this. Central Europe = "Other" I guess :-/ Edit: Actually, for the purposes of this poll Czech Republic is "Eastern Europe", just don't tell that to a Czech person ;) Random selection of USD prices for the base model from different Apple online stores, for the curious: $4,053 in UK $4,010 in Czech Republic $3,880 in Australia $4,257 in New Zealand $4,300 in Sweden So to US-based guys intending to buy one: hope you spend your ~$1k on something nice :) Cool, so you can use your iPhone to track exactly which bin the bike thief dumped your Cricket in. This is actually a very cool idea, but I'm gonna raise a minor nitpick which has been growing inside me over the last few months: > It has a number of beautiful themes and requires no configuration "Beautiful" is a word that's really getting overused nowadays, and I cringe whenever I see it. Edit: I anticipated the downvoting The statement we're talking about is "... it hasn't been the case for 60+ years". 1900 was 113 years ago. It was reasonably quiet when I was playing, but a couple of times it looked like the thing you had to collect with your snake respawned on the other side of the board before anyone could conceivably get there. Was quite irritating. I think that the author is more interested in the design of the encryption algorithm rather than the specifics of the reference implementation provided. So yeah a dodgy prng was used but is there anything wrong otherwise - i.e. something inside the algorithm itself that reduces its efficacy and makes it vulnerable. command - shift - R on Chrome\OS X Yes, you're not the only one. I've never owned or held anything platinum but I still didn't expect such a small amount to weigh so much Agreed in that few people treat it with the seriousness it deserves. In fact it's almost a joke for many people - "haha, I'm such an alcoholic" etc. I'm sure if they'd ever seen the real effects of alcoholism they'd think twice about throwing terms like that around. I drink a decent amount of beer and wine so I'm pretty far from tee-total, but misusing the term "alcoholism" bugs me a great deal. I've not heard about the Ukrainian chocolate war before (have now googled and read about it, oddly enough in Russia Today), but I've read about and seen the Georgian and Moldovan wine ban in action. Pretty brutal for such small countries to be honest. Luckily the best Georgian + Moldovan wine will get exported to the EU anyway, but for your average winery times must get tough. "The messages will disparage other gangs in a backhanded way. In a Blood letter, you’ll see that the letter C is usually crossed out or has a slash through it out of disrespect for the Crips. And to praise themselves, they’ll write a B with an up arrow." It's so strange that there's these very serious gangs responsible for traumatising large areas in US cities, yet they do massively petty things like writing a "WE R KOOL" up-arrow beside a 'B' in their correspondence, and crossing out a 'C' (if they're a Blood that is). I can't connect that juvenile elementary school behaviour with gang violence and shootings, it seems so contradictory. For this guy yes, but for not necessarily everyone. The messages don't seem to be particularly long so it's unlikely a frequency based attack could work. Also if it is then these guys will not exactly be using the Queen's English so they'll likely have a different letter frequencies for their dialect. This lad in the article has a real knack for it though, I guess he knows the subject matter pretty well (i.e. knowing the kind of things people will be saying in certain scenarios, the word choice, how they address each other, how the gang hierarchies work etc) and has a good mind for the kind of on-the-fly ciphers that these gangs employ. I associate this sort of writing with little girls dotting their 'i's with love hearts and therefore childhood innocence and struggle to connect that with gang violence. In re "responsible" I think you're interpreting what I said a little strangely. Gangs are behind serious adult crimes, and as I said I just find it weird that these serious crimes are caused by people decorating their letters like little kids. Nobody is blaming all society's ills on gangs. I have, but I fail to see how frequency analysis can work on "Everything is fine. Everything is cool here, uh, 15 22 27 31" "young entrepreneurs, freed from the prospect of steady, 9-to-5 employment" That's an interesting choice of words. I know here on HN (and in the $100 startup book) a common theme is "I lost my job, and then tried this cool thing and now I have a modestly successful business" and I'm sure that's worked out for quite a few folk. But I'm also sure a large amount young Latvians would be eager to find steady 9-5 work (locally) and it seems a little bit cheeky to use such a euphemism in this context. Me too, the graphs are impressive but hard to digest. The explanations are often very good, however. Is that including the large gulag-style prison camps? Minor nitpick: I don't know how to say "Jolla". I mean I know that "Jolla" is pronounced "Hoya" in European Spanish ("Hosha" in Argentinian), but in most European languages it'd be "Yolla" with a soft "j" and the naive English pronunciation would be "Djolla". I don't know which was the intended one. Not that it really matters I suppose, but why go to all that trouble building an apparently lovely device and giving it a slightly cumbersome name? England has fee-paying (higher) education and is moving towards privatisation of the NHS. North of the border is where you find the "free" (i.e. tuition paid by the scottish government) tuition and healthcare. "even if you only counted the scores of black students" This is the sort of thing I can never really swallow when reading stuff about education rankings in the states. There's a lot of what seems to be really casual\accidental racism along the lines of the quoted text above as well as things like "controlling for race" and excuses pinning the US's low scores on being "more multicultural". Perhaps this is not the intent but it's sort of painful to read. So then why not control for low income or poor social conditions? Why make the connection from black\hispanic to "bad"? That's sort of impressive that MacOS supported the original mac up to MacOS\System 7 (released 1997 - a full 13 years later) Oh my mistake, I read the wrong version dates from that very wikipedia page. But yes you are correct, that is still pretty impressive Seems pretty clear that they mean "The key to some future profitability" I'd be curious how the Czech LTE coverage ( http://www.o2.cz/osobni/199436-mapa_pokryti_a_prodejen/ ) would translate into this graph. Most of the main cities have LTE, but I've no idea how fast or reliable it is as my phone and network don't currently support it. Yes. My colleagues in London were advised to dress down during the protests to avoid drawing attention to themselves, I think this was fairly common at the time. I think you have your wires crossed, I am just someone confirming the whole "you should dress down" advice - neither my london-based colleagues nor me (I don't even live in the UK) were living with the protesters during the occupy movement. This doesn't sound like a great idea. A friend of mine with an Indian passport and a valid UK work visa was visiting Northern Ireland and decided to try to sneak a quick bus trip into Republic of Ireland. Their bus was randomly stopped and everyone's passports were checked (these are pretty infrequent, I believe), the police quickly noticed they didn't have a valid visa for Ireland, took their details and then took them back to the North. Later that year he had a bit of trouble visiting mainland EU, the immigration officials cited his previous attempt to illegally enter Ireland - evidently it had been logged in some EU immigration database and can follow you around for a while. And this is just Ireland, I imagine the repercussions of getting denied from the US are a little more severe. In my opinion this hits all the right notes to become an painfully addictive game - punishing hit detection, no recovery from a slight mis-step, death (and "next screen") animations that are just long enough to be frustrating after you die without doing any terrible psychological damage :) These are all compliments btw, you've made a spiritual successor to Flappy Birds and I'm sort of hooked. Looks like this was a mistake according to the Guardian - http://www.theguardian.com/world/blog/2014/mar/13/mh370-no-s... The now-defunct FSA in the UK was pretty bad at regulating our banks too, mind. This is pretty neat. We've had one[1] in Czech Rep. for a while but the UI is a little busy (and the adverts are a pain) so this TfL one is much nicer [1] - http://idos.cz This sounds like "bro science" to me: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXO2azb3_PE While it's been pointed out that this is a reasonably well-understood problem (Lump of Labour fallacy), I think it's unfair to downvote this comment. I'm reserving my downvotes for abuse and bad conduct, not people I simply disagree with. "Loon" and "Quine" aren't even Scots English, I suspect you'd get funny looks if you used either in Edinburgh or Glasgow. Each are very much "Doric" (the dialect of Aberdeen\shire) words. edit: I recognise your name from another post and remember that you're from Scotland so you probaby know this already :) I'm confused - was the case of John Carmack cited because his tweets have now been raised in court and have hurt his case? I haven't been following this situation so I've zero context. Ah so it's just general cautionary advice. I'd be interested to see if this comes up in court. I'm not massively clued in on this so apologies if this is a bad question, but what's Verisign's role in this? That's a decent amount of cash, what is the service they provide for that? Perhaps its true purpose wasn't pitched strongly enough. My impression as a HN regular was that it was indeed just a paid twitter, and as such I paid it no mind. From the comments > Should a simple header/corner banner be injected also? This would be good, particularly if it was served from a connection without this throttling. Absolutely. I utilised John Regehr's work on this on my previous job - uncovered a bunch of bugs ranging from compiler crashes to inconsistent output between optimisation levels, and other compiler switches. I wish I got the chance to do more with it, and provide him with detailed feedback he requested on the nature of the bugs but I never did :( Come on, GP obviously meant the step with the single choice dropdown was redundant I encountered some problems with command-line emacs control sequences not being captured correctly, though the last time I tried was a while ago. So why are they so favourable to plaintiffs in patent troll cases in East Texas? Is it as simple as "favourable outomes for patent trolls = more patent troll cases in East Texas = more money for us"? Can we not just accept that "hacker" now has two meanings? Maybe it would be better use the title of the submission to draw attention to exactly what is interesting here. All I can see is "lots of people use 'err' as the name of their returned error value in Go code on ohloh" 1700 is more than a convenient cutoff date - it's around that time when England ceased to exist as an independent state, and Great Britain as we know it started to take shape. Nitpick: I reckon most of the time people on HN say "England" they actually mean "Great Britain" or "United Kingdom" Definitely not if they're declared volatile Except 13/30 on the front page are now "Show HN" posts, making this page slightly redundant for the time being :) This is common if you live abroad - registering with the foreign police. Is it normal to advertise salaries in job listings? I've really not seen this very much, but then I'm not in the west coast of the US I initially felt the same, but imagine if you'd spent countless hours getting to the bottom of an obscure bug that turned out to be a completely bone-headed compiler problem outside your control. Sometimes I think Linus goes a bit far, but this time I think he's justified in his venting his irritation Yep definitely, but compiler bugs are a particularly painful\opaque breed of problem. In the overwhelming majority of cases the safe\sensible way to debug an issue (if you don't want to turn yourself slowly insane) is to take compiler correctness as a universal constant. When this turns out not to be the case it's infuriating. Perhaps this assumption is made in error but as I said it's a reasonable one to make. Which border? I'm curious If this is generally true then this is yet another reason I'm flabbergasted by the housing bubble I was gonna say that Glasgow city centre is pretty atypical - resembling US cities close enough that a few parts of World War Z (which were meant to be Philadelphia I think) were filmed there. But then I realised that Edinburgh's "New Town" (actually hundreds of years old) is a grid-layout too. Not sure how appropriate or relevant this is, but both me and a friend read this and were reminded slightly of the stuff "written" by Matthew Holness' "Garth Marenghi" character. Sharing a couple of choice excerpts in case anyone is curious, but the real gold is in "Garth Marenghi's Darkplace" - a series set in 1980s hospital in Romford. Dead Centre - http://www.garthmarenghi.com/books/deadcentre.htm - "This near-legendary collection of short stories includes 'The Streaming Face' (about a boy whose face is turned into a river by a magical elk because he spat on a gnome)" Juggers - http://www.garthmarenghi.com/books/juggers.htm - "I wanted to write a book about the triumph of the female spirit over a gigantic lorry. Of course, looking back, I realise the truck actually represents AIDS.'" The books are fictional sadly, sorry I should've made that clearer! If it's any consolation I was gutted when I found that out. Hopefully I can find something else good by Matthew Holness, who knows he might even reprise his role as Garth Henry I'm not sure if you are checking this thread, and I can't find a way to contact you on your site but... I wanted to see more of your posts, so trimmed the URL down to " http://henrysmith.org/blog/" and got an error message "Included file 'navbar.html' not found in _includes directory" at the top of your page. Clicking your name in the left directs me to henrysmith.org which doesn't have this problem. I'm afraid I can't see a thing, is it down due to the load coming from HN? Just a white screen with a sort of google-maps-ish compass in a box. I'm very keen to see something like this, with the referendum so close! edit: back up now This is a good point but interestingly within Scotland (i.e. the target audience) the question doesn't need to be explicitly stated. People will have "Yes" (or "Aye") or "No" badges on their facebook profiles without any context. It's probably good that they added the question in though as I'm fascinated by the responses outside Scotland! Interestingly "Scottish"ness doesn't necessarily matter for eligibility to vote in this referendum. I was born and raised there for 25 years but cannot vote as I'm not resident there. Those who live in Scotland can vote, regardless* of their nationality or how they identify. Which is of course correct and reflects what I'd like an independent Scotland to look like - immigrant friendly and diverse. * = within certain restrictions, something like a couple of years resident prior to the referendum. Don't quote me on that :) "between two to ten minutes are wasted in dealing with the payment" - how on earth is this possible? I can imagine two minutes if the driver has to dig around in a big pouch of mixed up change, but ten ? edit: I realise this is slightly off-topic and doesn't change the central premise of the article, which is that the legislation that forced Uber to employ a loophole is a bad thing. But what the hell, I'd go out of my mind if a paying for a taxi took 10 minutes. I just wanted to say "I know this is probably not the main thing the article is tackling". I'm sure you'll find a discussion closer to what you're implying elsewhere in this thread, but you'll not have it with me I'm afraid. Remember that this is not particular to that festival in Portugal, but to the entirety of Portugal If it is the former then this is a beautiful example of something being a hilariously unfathomable idea* in the not too distant past ... and then turning out to be sort of true. I like these :) * = The JD\Dr Cox "shaved the baby" scene in Scrubs: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHAAmdskBqU Frigyes Karinthy - A Journey Round My Skull A friend turned me onto an international bookstore in Budapest which has an entire section of translated Hungarian novels which is where I bought this. I had no idea Hungary had such a rich literary tradition and I'm counting the days 'til I can go back to Budapest :) Ha actually my friend bought Journey By Moonlight - I'll try to borrow it off him once he's done. I'm guessing you're Hungarian based, do you know of any HN-related goings on in Budapest? I'm only a few hours by train away and I'd love an excuse to go back :) It seems a wee bit disingenuous that YC are claiming a sort of moral high ground over other companies who are doing exactly what YC were doing. It seems pretty obvious to me that "aggression" refers to the the parent's opinion that the Israeli response to the rockets was a little heavy-handed and unwarranted. We're getting really offtopic here however, HN is not the place to spar over the Israel\Palestine conflict. There's plenty of places on the web you can engage in this if you want, but be warned that doing so will end up resolving nothing and will leave you frustrated and angry. You mean just a Scotch Pie? I've never been clear on what was inside them, I just remember eating them at Pittodrie as a kid and then being dubious about them as I grew up. Plain old Steak Pie (i.e. what those who didn't grow up in Scotland would probably interpret "scotch beef pie" as) though are fine and I miss them dearly - as do my fellow expats who are from NZ, they've got a bit of a pie culture too as I understand. Apologies - me clicking on Chrome while it was hanging caused me to inadvertently downvote you! This is the sort of casual prejudice about eastern europe that I despise. Sure you can probably say something like "well I just picked Eastern Europe at random" but I think we all know that's not the case, and that's a little sad. No matter how right you are, the UK media have picked up that "RBS will move" soundbite and run with it - so annoyingly a great deal of Scots have got "Yes = lose lots of jobs immediately" in their heads. More on the shifty media tactics employed in this excellent piece by George Monbiot: http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/sep/16/media-s... "The plan is to use oil money that may or may not exist to give more and more freebies to those in government jobs or on welfare" - that sounds rather extreme, where in the independence whitepaper is this outlined? "The banks have already started moving their head offices..." Which banks, sorry? Do you mean RBS (who talked about how they may or may not move their registered office to London leaving their operations intact in Scotland) or Lloyd's (already headquartered in London)? If not these, then which? There's maybe legit reasons to think about voting "No" - you needn't muddy the waters by just simply making things up and talking nonsense. Remember you're talking to fairly smart people on HN so the FUD is unlikely to hold much water here, save it for Facebook. You may accuse me of having a condescending tone and that is up for debate, but your lies speak for themselves. RBS have not moved their registered office. Apparently you don't have better things to do, but enjoy pretending you have taken the high road. I think GP meant "product" in a What'sApp\Facebook\Instagram sense of the word. These all (as far as I recall) sort of spread without big "this is gonna change everything" hype\announcements (up to a certain point, I've no idea what that point was - something between ten and a hundred million users?), they just started getting used by people because they were fun and engaging. Not strictly true, Cricket is making a comeback in the US it seems: http://www.theatlantic.com/entertainment/archive/2014/08/cri... You are getting downvoted to hell but I can see what you're meaning. Generally if someone hands you a CSV file there is no guarantee that something mental isn't happening as there is no "CSV" standard. So you're saying that when your task is "process the client's CSV file" you might not necessarily be able to rely on a library handling it correctly, and that you should prepare to get your hands dirty (perhaps hacking together something with a regex or two). This exact subject was covered in South Park in the episode "Bloody Mary": http://southpark.cc.com/full-episodes/s09e14-bloody-mary Often they layer it on pretty thick but South Park can be pretty incisive satire, especially as many quickly dismiss it for crass\childish humour. I'm curious if you deliberately included Austria east of your pivot point or if this is by accident. I hear all sorts of conflicting stuff about the place - high standard\quality of living but not-so exciting career\growth prospects, high prices but generous social\welfare programs - so I've no idea what to think of Austria long-term. I've been to Vienna a few times as I live a couple of hours away, and it's lovely but a few daytrips is obviously not going to reveal a great deal. Thanks for the link to kuro5hin btw - it's a nice intro to k but also I've not been on k5 for years, I had no idea it was still going :) OK can someone describe what on earth this is. I've tried twice - once I ended up in a maze with a load of other mouse cursors and no indication of what to do (I spent a couple of minutes moving around towards some coloured squares but ultimately nothing happened). The other time I was in a white screen that said "press shift and click to draw" but doing so did nothing :-/ Guess I've having issues then, I made it to the square when I tried before and now I'm getting a blank screen and a message about losing connection. Oh well. I think you're missing the point of the article. Your "my life as a rich foreigner in China" comment doesn't really address of the concerns Larry Summer had about China's future, and in fact it doesn't even seem to be particularly negative about the country (it's mostly drawing comparisons to other nations who rapidly developed in recent history), so I think you're being a bit defensive. Could you tell us what it is then? I'm not sure they need to beware - DB\SCNF aren't really competing with the likes of Capitaine Train. If you buy a ticket from Paris to Lyon with CT for example - you're still getting the same SNCF train ticket and they'll get a giant chunk of that money (I have no idea what sort of referral CT get). I suppose its in these rail companies' best interests that someone puts together a nice interface for their ticket systems. If by "President" you mean the equivalent "head of a country's government" role then Iceland elected an openly gay Prime Minister in 2009[0]. But I'm guessing you're all meaning "US President" [0] - http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7862804.stm This is a fascinating read, particularly because a few familiar names pop up... >> (Knight collapsed on August 1, 2012 because of a little problem with one of their smart order routers) No kidding :) For anyone interested in a good breakdown of this, Nanex has a pretty good one @ http://www.nanex.net/aqck2/3525.html To me the phrase "bare metal" would mean writing software (in C, Asm or whatever) that does not use any sort of Operating System or VM. I'm curious as I've only ever seen " has £ sovereign debt" and the other side of the equation is never really mentioned. But does the value of what the US has lent other countries approach $18T? Seems like it'd be hard to find even a handful of large enough countries you'd want to spread that sort of risk over. That's peculiar that a pre-baked linux distro for Amiga would require an FPU to boot. Off the top of my head I can't think why that would be :S Interestingly the name of the computer opponent in the GP post "rybka" is the diminuitive of "fish" in Czech\Slovak (and possibly Polish?). Is it a coincidence that there's two "fish-y" named chess AIs or is this a thing . Stories like this confuse me, they seem to suggest that I should be sympathetic towards previously inflated prices starting to fall. In this case we're talking about taxi medallions but closer to home it's been UK house prices where a decline is reported as "bad" and a rise is "good". In both situations it's seemed pretty obvious to me that there's a crazy overpriced asset that will correct eventually and those who paid over the odds will take a hit. Actually it'd make sense* if that was the case, but for some reason I've only ever seen it the way I described. However I am going by the coverage I saw when I lived in the UK ~3 years ago so my recollection may be fuzzy or exaggerated. * = by "make sense" I mean it'd fit within the my cynical view of the media's "hysterically report on things to drum up interest" strategy. They're reasonably prevalent in Scotland I think it may actually be from the idiom "to pull yourself up by the bootstraps" meaning to succeed depending solely on yourself: http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/pull_oneself_up_by_one%27s_boo... Not to get too political\opinionated but Israel does not have a particularly strong reputation for respecting international laws regarding Palestine (West Bank or Gaza) which makes it even more surprising if they continued to supply power. Has anyone got any idea what the (relatively) big spike on October 4th 2014 was? A quick google revealed it's not some "World IPV6 day" or something (though there was something like that on 2011 which had a next-to-zero impact). Was there maybe a new phone or console (or an OS update released to either) released? I think this has surfaced again because of some of the discussion around this article on The Pirate Bay: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8728011 . I think it's a good article whether or not it was written ten years ago. I came on here to say exactly this. Fairly or unfairly, Linus gets a lot of criticism for being pretty harsh in some situations. In discussions about this people often stick up for Linus saying that either he's joking or that the people he's addressing can take it and that he's not that way with everyone. I guess this is the first time I've ever seen this side of Linus get any sort of prominence on HN (or elsewhere). Are you a foreigner or are you Chinese? I'm curious as I naively assumed that due to the unrest\resistance that even tourism in Urumqi was difficult to do legally, and therefore residence\work would be out of the question or nigh on impossible Actually we usually use the word "sellotape" for the clear "Scotch® Brand Cellulose Tape" they describe in the article, or certainly everyone I know does. The UK English term for "Scotch Tape" would usually be "masking tape" I think. I was also surprised to see they didn't cover why it was called "Scotch" tape in the article as I find it pretty comical even though I'm also Scottish. I actually started looking at this the other day on Open Courseware - as I'd set myself a resolution this year to put together a little embedded\SBC system and needed to understand electronics in more detail[0]. It's a little bit intimidating. For example in the first few sentences he started referring to Maxwell's equations in very familiar terms (something like "we all know about Maxwell's equations already...") which threw me slightly and made me wonder if there's probably a better introduction to electronics out there. [0] = http://blog.mclemon.io/new-years-resolutions-2015 I figured that there may be differences, but they'd be covering the same materials for the most part. Also I can't see how to access the edX materials, so there's currently no way to follow this course other than checking out the OCW resources. I'll keep my eyes peeled for this opening up again on edX in future. Excellent, thanks for confirming. I've got a lot on my plate so presuming this was the famous MIT "drinking from a firehose" I decided to shelve it for the time being. But if it's one of the better ways to get started, I'll give it another try soon. Edit: I just watched through the intro again and I clearly wasn't paying attention at all when I first watched this, as he says exactly what you described. I will blame my wandering mind on the fact that I was hungry and my girlfriend was cooking up something tasty in the kitchen at the time :) Well that's a direct translation of the name and using the Czech/Slovak version of Lawrence/Laurence/Laurent. Rieka = river Svaty = saint Vavřinec = lawrence A bit of fiddling around to connect the words together correctly (slavic languages are odd in this regard) and you get "Rieka svätého Vavrinca" note: I speak awful Czech and even worse Slovak :) I'm simultaneously glad and horrified to have read that. Horrified because I'm frantically thinking through the last 20 or so conversations with my friends in the pub to see if I did an annoying "Well, actually...", but glad because I'm going to consciously avoid doing this in future. "Prisons are generally much nicer places than jails" If this piqued anyone's interest, you can see this in a little more detail in Louix Theroux's "Miami Mega Jail" two-part documentary: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSM_UvZ-Jic (part 1 only, if you enjoy you should be able to find part 2). Like the GP I originally thought jail = prison, but it's definitely not and could even be a good deal worse in some cases. "A road will only have one name" This one's particularly common in Edinburgh. In fact in the example they use - "Regent Road" connects to Princes Street, which becomes Shandwick Place, then Atholl Place. At this point the main fork becomes Dalry Road which then becomes Gorgie Road which becomes Stenhouse Road and then Calder Road - all of which are roughly a straight line: https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Calder+Road,+Edinburgh,+UK/S... Correct, and indeed having the same name on different sides of the same road . I just recalled another example from Edinburgh[0] where one side of the street is called "Lochrin Buildings" while the other side of the street is called "Gilmore Place" (then both sides of the street become Gilmore Place, which then invisibly changes its name to Granville Place before changing into Polwarth Gardens. [0] = https://www.google.cz/maps/@55.941979,-3.203582,3a,75y,341.7... (I think the smaller lettered "Gilmore Place" underneath hints at a "yeh we know this is sorta Gilmore Place but not really) This is the simple take home for me. Same goes for the "N books/things all developers should read/know (about X)". You'd drive yourself daft reading all of them, and probably miss other opportunities in the meantime. HN is an interesting distraction which can sometimes inspire but can all too easily become a drag. It's becoming annoyingly common ("earth porn" for pictures of nature, etc). Your use of "Jings" however has brightened up my day. Crivvens! I went through that same process to view one recipe, then deleted my account - and then started getting unwanted marketing mail by pinterest every couple of days. When I tried to disable the mail\unsubscribe it asked me to login (to the account I'd deleted) to update my marketing preferences. They now get filtered to my trashcan. I think you may be quite unique (impressively, I may add!) that you'd turn to Forth ahead of C. I had no idea this project (and others) had so few contributors. I'd love to be involved in some Open Source project but I always feel like "yeh there's probably millions of people far more talented than me wanting to contribute" and I've no idea how to start. Some people suggest taking a look at the open bug lists for software you use frequently, but on the few occasions I've tried that (python, gcc, and a couple of others) I've ended up digging through lists of tough bugs each with fairly impressive sounding discussions by people who are way more familiar with the whole ecosystem than I am and it's sort of intimidating. I did manage to do some isolated contributions to Open Corporates ( http://turbot.opencorporates.com ) where the community are super-welcoming and very patient, but I've felt a little isolated and like I'm not exactly giving much back. Apologies for the mildly-OT rambling. The upside to the "most people are already ripped" is that even though you may feel inadequate those guys are pretty non-judgemental about you/others. Everyone started somewhere and my experience is that the gym is pretty judgement-free. I've been going to the gym for the last year or so and it's helped me through a few tough times. I like the simplicity of it, even though everything else in my life might be chaotic I can spend a couple of hours at the gym forgetting about it, making myself feel better and getting healthier in the process. For a slightly shorter, more digestible introduction to Adam Curtis you might want to check out this piece he did for the BBC series "Screenwipe" about Vladislav Surkov's "non-linear warfare": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcy8uLjRHPM They can and have - a nice example of this is Norway vs the UK\Scotland. When oil reserves were found in the North Sea both Norway and the UK had claims which were (iirc) roughly similarly sized. They chose completely different paths, with Norway establishing a state owned oil company (Statoil) to handle exploration, extraction and processing with stipulations on what should be done with the windfall. The UK ended up selling licenses to private companies to handle this themselves. As a result of this Norway now has the largest sovereign wealth fund in the world. It's pretty hard to make direct comparisons given the differences in their populations and economies, but a fairly broad range (i.e. left and right [1][2][3][4]) of people seem to think that this was a wasted opportunity and that if it was managed better they'd have a lot more to show for the last 3 1/2 decades. I'd tend to agree. [1] http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jan/13/north-s... [2] http://www.bbc.com/news/business-19871411 [3] http://www.economist.com/news/special-report/21570842-oil-ma... [4] http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2013/04/thatcher-and-no... edit: A little more digging seems to indicate that I was painting with slightly broad strokes. Norway do indeed operate some sort of licensing scheme according to the "North Sea oil" wiki page ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_Sea_oil ), so it is not entirely operated by Statoil. > Have you perhaps considered legal action against Sky? This is the real, correct solution but seems unlikely. The OP said his client is unable to shell out the extra $20/month for SSL on Heroku so it seems unlikely they'll want to pay for lawyers required for legal action :( That seems a little harsh, or sarcasm or I've missed the point. Why would those who would otherwise be the best and brightest in the US be headed for welfare if they were raised in Germany? OT, but you're still using a Powerbook? That's pretty impressive. Which generation\year was it? I'm guessing you've had to swap out batteries and upgrade hard drive - have you had to modify anything else? This is a fascinating read, but this one line stuck out to me: > Scott told me that the IE team had over 1,000 people What on earth could they possibly have had those thousand people doing? I feel your pain. The tough part is realising how pointless those "someone is wrong on the internet"[1] discussions are. I get embarrassed looking back at situations like that, and think "why did I even care if this random person didn't get what I was saying about ?" [1] http://xkcd.com/386/ Well if its any consolation I'm as guilty as you are, and you made plenty of sense to me. I do too but endlessly explaining to colleagues\friends why I'm wearing "homeless" gloves is tiresome. I don't know why people fail to see their utility, and indeed forget the explanation after a week and ask me again :-/ I took an easy job (UK financial software) when I was downsized from a job that I loved (Embedded systems). I told myself I'd quit within one year and either move to somewhere else in the commonwealth (NZ, SA, Canada) or do a year of university in Sweden on a course I found really interesting, with a view to getting back to Embedded work. I did neither, and I'm still there. I'm moderately well paid, I have a plan to save money + quit, I moved to a new country and now have a lovely girlfriend, so I'm still in a happy situation - but I wish I could have had these things and pursued my career a little better. This may turn out to be a theme of this thread - you, me[0] and another person [1] so far have roughly similar "I took a job for money" regrets. [0] - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9061451 [1] - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9061437 I've been wondering about that unstyled "flash" on BBC myself and whether it's just down to some chrome extension or something I had installed interfering with things. Glad to hear it's not just me. Strange, most of the photos on the page appear to be HDR'd for that dreamy effect. I think the place would look pretty interesting without altering the photos that way. Certainly doesn't help with the perception of the tech industry as a boys club. I mean I know it may have been written in jest but I was personally cringing while reading it and figured it'd be at the very least a little alienating (at worst outright offensive) for any women who'd happen to read it. Maybe I'm being oversensitive, I just know I wouldn't write anything like that. I think you are exaggerating somewhat, I was just saying I didn't like it and even caveated that this could be just me being oversensitive. However if you can't see why someone may feel a bit weird reading "You'd be there, banging away at your regular girl" then I'm not sure what I can say. It's not rolling-in-the-aisles piety, it's just that our community already has a bad image and stuff like this isn't helping. Heh it's not your fault, my ire/confusion was directed at the article not at you. This is all subjective anyway and as a sister comment indicates I may have been unique in my feelings towards it Interestingly I discovered that a former colleague of mine actually does this. He'd considered buying a property in London and managed to find a number of of houses in Murcia (Spain) which cost the same as his deposit in London would have been. There is a slight twist which enables this international "commute" however. His job has involved being on-site in with a client (in Scotland) for the last while, so even if he lived in London he would've been put up in accomodation anyway. So in reality his Spain->UK\UK->Spain round trip only happens once a week, but technically he's still doing an international commute :) edit: Tidied up the rambling sentences I lived in Edinburgh for eight years, it's a beautiful place and you'll love it there. If you're into beer, check out the Blue Blazer - it was my favourite bar. A quick google reveals the answer, but this article would benefit from "A PE file is ..." in its introduction. Maybe it's expected that the target audience already knows this info however Not sure about the rest of the unis down south, but I definitely remember Cambridge and Oxford have some sort of "college" system which had no real relation to your subject (i.e. you could read Philosophy at Foo College, Oxford, or Bar College, Oxford). Maybe someone oxbridge-y can clarify. That Microsoft were paying anybody cash to stuff their app store was sufficient to make your point. There's no need to bring prejudices against "3rd world countries" into this. What does "Nice scare quotes" mean? Just realised you think I'm objecting to the term "3rd world countries". The term is outdated and no longer relevant today, but is not the issue. Re-read my comment - I agreed with the point but didn't like the finger pointing at devs in poorer countries. I'm not sure why that seems to have provoked a bunch of downvotes. This hooks nicely back into the world of software development, and the anecdote about the senior game dev deleting a secret static 1MB buffer when their team hit their memory ceiling - http://www.dodgycoder.net/2012/02/coding-tricks-of-game-deve... I suspect the guy in the sharp suit realised he dodged a bullet as soon as he read the blog post giving him a public dressing down. I've heard a lot of stuff about the startup scene in SV, but honest question: would anyone ever consider showing up for a job interview in anything more informal than shirt-trousers-shoes? And if the interviewee in that showed up to that interview in jeans/tshirt would the blog post have been different, or was the interviewer just looking to pad it out with an interview\culture-clash horror story and would we instead have been reading: > Another quick story before I really dive into this blog post. We had a gentleman over to interview for one of our account executive positions at 42Floors. He had strong experience leasing SF office space: great resume, great cover letter, did well in our initial phone screen. > When he walked in the door, we could hear the squeaking of his sneakers on our hardwood floor. He was dressed shabbily in a tshirt and jeans that he probably picked up off his floor five minutes before heading for the interview... I hope whenever I submit something to HN that 1) someone cares enough to be this critical\constructive and 2) I am adult enough not to take it on the chin and not get sulky. I'm most worried about #2 I'm not in a position to critique the product at the moment, but it looks like there's plenty of feedback for you to work through anyway. Good luck! I think what throwawayaway was saying was that if a company wants to lay you off in a way that contravenes some employee protection laws they'll first offer you a sum of money on condition that it doesn't go to court (more than the amount they legally have to). GP is referring to Uber\Lyft etc I've got something similar in-progress for the grammatical weirdness of Czech @ http://conjugate.cz . I figured Memrise already has the "memorise the meaning" part sewn up, but doesn't seem to work well with anything more complex. Can you help me get my head around the USD chart? In my head it only makes sense to value one currency vs another (i.e. the USD to GBP exchange rate) so seeing one chart which simply plots "USD" over time is a bit tough to wrap my head around. Obligatory quote echoing your final sentence, from the seminal DevOps thought leader Jon Hendren: "DevOps is mostly just a way of reorganizing all your nerds and making them talk to each other more" The license plate lottery? Wow. On the one hand that's pretty tough, but on the other it's presumably a semi-useful way to curb air pollution & traffic. I can only imagine what things would be like if it was a free-for-all. Thanks. So a weighted index of USD vs a handful of other currencies - that's a useful measurement I never really knew existed. I've read that Linus is only mean to people who he's familiar\friends with or who senior enough that they should already know better. This was recently on HN and shows the more patient side of Linus (not sure how often this happens) - https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8761539 I'm the same age, and I have this problem too. Beautifully illustrated by the Guardian's website (sorry for Vine, it was the easiest\quickest way to share this with a friend when i made it): https://vine.co/v/hKOBYhVB2mH Just a heads-up, this appears to be _related_ to NSFW content. I say "appears to be" because I got a nasty "you're trying to access some sketchy domain and your admin has been notified" warning when accessing this through my work computer. Nothing in the title or URL seems to suggest this so I figured I'd share share in case anyone else may have a similar setup. Ahh I see, so it's just our filter being a bit overzealous. Hope whoever looks at my "infraction" inspects the actual URL, and doesn't just do a simple "what is this domain for, oh a porn star" check :) I don't think that is quite what the parent was referring to. I think it was more "space" as in "have a clean simple uncluttered UI with ample padding around the edges" (see point 3 here: https://medium.com/@erikdkennedy/7-rules-for-creating-gorgeo... ) not literally a lack of &nbsp; spaces between elements. Ah sorry, I take that back then Hey, sorry I downvoted you accidentally when switching windows due to my laptop being slow and stupid :) Oh god, opening doors on the wrong side would be absolutely terrible in rush hour - people back away from the door they think will open, and squeeze a few people out the other side onto the live wire, or perhaps into the path of a train arriving from the other direction. The name "TextBlade" is eerily reminiscent of the phone from Nathan Barley (the Wasp T12 Speechtool: http://www.trashbat.co.ck/t12/index.html ) I don't think we (the consumers\audience) are ever going to win that war. It's a cute joke, but I feel that the US gets an unfair rap around languages. I know for a fact that plenty of people the UK (where I'm from) declare their hopelessness with foreign languages with a good deal of ... I don't know ... pride? humour? There's always going to be a number of talented bilingual folks there, but they're in the minority. I'd be interested to see how the UK and the US compare, I wouldn't be surprised if the US had a greater proportion of bilingual people. I don't disagree, but in the context of this joke I was just wanting to say "Hey America, us too!" :D Have you used either of those responses before? Judging from my limited exposure with the police this sort of "technically I don't have to do this\answer this" response is an invite for a cranky cop to do everything they can to inconvenience you as a punishment. For example in my case if I'd carried on doing what I was doing (talking to my friend at conversational level and smiling, while a passing police officer told me "you can wipe that smirk off your face or I'll do it for you" followed by vague suggestions that I should be taken to the police station) I should be able to rest easy knowing I've done nothing wrong and there's not a single crime I could've been found guilty of at that moment. However, they probably could've made my life extremely unpleasant - taking me in for some sort of "questioning", spending a night in the cells - who knows. So this is a long-winded way to ask - is that totally ironclad\foolproof, or is there a non-zero chance that this response will make the situation worse despite being totally legal? I'm impressed that an idea you had five years ago has sat there without anyone else thinking of it and delivering something in the meantime. Anything useful I get started on usually has someone launching a very slick VC-backed launch ~six months later and I just cannot compete (I don't have the time to dedicate to anything, nor the money to afford to not work for long enough) Agreed, even though we've only seen one side of the story I can't see this working out well for the guy behind Arduino Srl. He may somehow sneak a win in court, but the community will likely shun anything he's involved with. I know that from the story it looks pretty ironclad that Massimo Banzi and the original Arduino guys (arduino.cc) are on the side of good - and my gut tells me this is correct - but is there anything from the perspective of Guillermo/Arduino Srl or are they maintaining radio silence? I wrote a similar\silly binary weather service (using the OpenWeather api) at http://taps.af "Taps aff" is a Scottish way to talk about taking your shirt off on warm (read: >20C) days. I've also seen drunk people in some pubs shout "TAPS AFF, LADS!!" and a bunch of their drunk pals took their tshirts off and necked shots of tequila. Scotland is weird :-/ Oh and "Aye" means "yes", "Naw" means "no" edit: awww it's down, sorry Relax, it was for fun Agreed. When they have to assemble fake artillery out of logs + rocks, I think it's safe to say there's no arms race to speak of whatsoever: http://www.nkeconwatch.com/nk-uploads/fake-artillery.jpg I'm not sure that's any better to be quite honest, even if it's true (I have no figures at hand) Is google translate from Chinese (Mandarin presumably) always this good? I'm pretty shocked by how coherent the resulting article is. The comedian Doug Stanhope has a bit where he talks about how it's OK to drop litter, because the whole City/Town you live in is a giant piece of litter on the natural landscape. He's obviously only kidding, but it's quite a nice (if slightly sad) way to reflect on our impact on the planet. It's likely Louis CK I was thinking of actually! Oops > The best thing about typing on a mechanical keyboard, by far, is the sound. The click-clack-click-clack is so familiar, and so soothing ... Maybe it's soothing for the person hammering away on their mechanical keyboard, but for anyone unfortunate enough to share an office with said person it's excruciating. I really don't get why the whole noisy-keyboard-in-a-shared-office never gets any play when this is discussed. Am I just oversensitive to this? Both you and your parent post are very considerate people, and your colleagues are lucky :) It's very good that you're in the sort of position where you can make a stand on that sort of thing - but I'm not quite there myself. In any case I do like a shared space ("office" was maybe incorrect in my original comment) but for people to be productive everyone needs to be just a little bit more considerate than if they had their own office. The story as described by the GP is shortened for clarity, but apparently there was no bad blood between the teams when "Arduino Srl" was registered and it was believed one individual held that italian trademark on behalf of the team on good faith. It was only much later that Arduino Srl started the whole imitation game Context: Rocket Internet is the name of the German company operated by the Samwer brothers, who have a reputation of cloning silicon valley's latest and greatest ideas for the German\EU market. Not technically doing anything illegal but certainly not held in the highest regard. Ehhhh sort of but not really. There's weird back-and-forth on fat as in "the food you eat contains fat" often in the context of fad diets and over-enthusiastic newspapers drawing unrealistic conclusions from medical journals. But I don't think there's any ambiguity that being fat is not healthy. You're gonna have a tough time defending that "ruins" statement. I know that anecdote != data, but I've been quite a few times what was East Germany (not just Berlin, but places in Märkisch oderland and in/around Dresden) and even though these are the poorer parts of Germany they're still ridiculously modern and well served in terms of infrastructure (Chemnitz is a little brutal, mind). Genuine question: how did you come up with $3/month? Is that a rough estimate of expenses (maintenance etc) over a year divided by 12, or is there some Paris bike permit required? From the README.md: I really enjoyed Ruby String interpolation, and "".format(...) or "" % (...) seems very verbose to me. I'm lazy by nature ;) Weird, I remember when I was in NZ a few years back "yeah nah..." meant "yes" which confused me. I think Australia had it too, but I'm not sure. Another semi-related but confusing thing was while I've been living in Czech Republic I visited South Korea. I ended up getting twisted up trying to answer yes\no in Korean because... English: Yes | No Czech[1]: No | Ne Korean: Ye\Ne | Anio Each language has one that's annoyingly similar to the opposite in at least one different language. Trying to get this right after a few beers is hard . [1] = "No" is a common contraction of "Ano" but even then that conflicts with Korean "Anio". Take the numbers you've used and switch them around slightly to reflect the NYC pensions situation and you can see why they'd be upset. It's not $4 in fees to an additional $96 returned to the client, it's $2billion in fees versus an additional $40m. Scaled back to your example that'd be like hiring a guy who gets you $200, keeping $98 for your $2. To me "Withings" sounded like an English surname featuring "wi" as in "with" and a voiced dental fricative "th" (like in "though"). Like "Witherspoon" or similar. It didn't even cross my mind it could by "wy-things" or "wee-things". Whoah hold up, barley being considered horrible seems like a cultural thing. Certainly in Scotland and Czech barley/kroupy is considered a damn tasty ingredient, I even use it in place of Risotto rice (I acknowledge that it's not the same thing as a rice bowl) The "Pocket CHIP" edition reminds me heavily of the Teenage Engineering Pocket Operator, which is another extremely cool piece of stripped-down-but-functional electronics which manages to be very functional at a decent price: https://www.teenageengineering.com/products/po At 22, I went to work at Microsoft. When I tell young people that today, they look as if they are embarrassed for me. And I have to tell them, 'No, no — it was like getting hired at Google back then, or Facebook. This was 1993. Who on earth is reacting like this? It seems unlikely to me that enough people are tech savvy enough to downgrade a version of windows but can't (or don't want to?) switch from IE8 - which we can probably all agree is not a particularly nice browser I grew up with these Lada jokes and for me Ladas were just something ridiculous and for some reason I can only remember them in this godawful cream colour tinged with rust around every possible edge. Then a couple of years back I visited Georgia and Armenia and I saw moderately well maintained Ladas in black and I have to say there was something very charming about them! Tbilisi can be pretty hilly and steep and I was pretty surprised to see Ladas zipping up and down them with ease, side by side with shiny BMWs and Mercedes[1]. I also loved the GAZ Volga, I think they're a bit rarer though. [1] there's heaps of new-ish Mercedes, BMW, Audi etc (many right-hand drive) in Georgia which is confusing as it's not a wealthy country at all. I got talking to an Insurance guy who'd told me this is because Georgia is the end of the line for a chain of insurance fraud starting in the UK\Germany, where cars would be "stolen", claimed on insurance and then moved on + re-registered somehow in the next country. This process is repeated until they ended up in Georgia and were sold for a knockdown price because they'd already recouped their money many times over. Ex-USSR countries are really interesting and I'd thoroughly recommend them for a visit, just learn a couple of phrases in the local language or Russian to make things a little smoother :) I think London has a better reputation as a cultural melting pot really No flag whatsoever, really. Though exploring that tangent a little, I wonder if there is a any sort of study on flags\countries and their association with quality (specifically engineering\tech). Off the top of my head I'd guess people associate places like Sweden, Germany, Switzerland, Austria - I'm not sure why. While that may be true (I do not know) it's still a connection I subconsciously make Yeah I recall reading that there's some uneasiness around flag flying and national pride in Germany - I think it came to my attention ahead of the World Cup in 2006. UK local authorities are famously poorly funded and have been squeezed by the government further over the last 5 years. The one that sticks out for me is Newcastle Upon Tyne - here's some pretty astonishing figures from a long-ish article[1] "In fact, the city’s predicament already seemed impossible. The council cut £37m from its spending in 2013-14, and another £38m is set to follow this year. Then, according to current projections, there will be further annual cuts of £40m, £30m, and £20m" I think "cash-strapped" is putting it lightly. [1] = http://www.theguardian.com/news/2014/nov/24/-sp-is-saving-ne... I had no idea, that's very eye-opening. When pension funds go underwater like this, what are the options? Do the council (or indeed any organisation) have any ability to renegotiate them if they are as "gold-plated" or outrageous as the Telegraph suggests? Funny thing us that I bet the kids probably wouldn't really comprehend what they were seeing in most Lego-dong cases. I remember walking past some fairly prominent "8===D" style graffitti each day in my school when I was a kid (I was So that pretty much answers what I was hesitant to suggest out loud - that even though the fuselage of an airplane is proportionately thinner, the soda can has to withstand a greater pressure difference. Thanks! Thanks for this. I'm absolutely awful in Tech Interviews (I'm a competent developer but I'm overcome with self-doubt and anxiety in these situations) and I'm planning on a move very soon. I've been putting it off because of the stress of the interview process, so hopefully this will help! Is that more as a side effect of the fact that this sort of doping is very hush-hush, and if it was more open and permitted safer more effective enhancements would be developed? Some of those defects are hilarious - "Ship Shouldn't Crush Elliott" stands out in particular :) This is an interesting article but why why why do people insist on hijacking a browser's scrolling functionality!? Anyone know what's with the black "x" characters which appear through the article? I read this recently, it seems there's a bunch of 1970s Volvos floating around which are not paid for http://jalopnik.com/north-korea-still-owes-393-000-000-for-v... Right, this is the first thing I thought. For your average-to-serious supporter this will stop them getting swept up in singing (for example) sectarian songs, but Ultras are probably not blessed with this sort of conscientiousness and rational thought. These paneláky were built at some scale in Czech Republic too. They're a little grim normally, but quite a lot get painted in nice pastel colours so many look quite pretty sometimes. I stayed in one in Brno for a while, the walls are paper thin so I had a very ... intimate knowledge of what my neighbours were up to (our bedrooms were adjacent, as were the bathrooms) and vice versa :) I don't mind them so much tbh. It's pretty surprising how similar they can be though, I saw that picture and thought "that looks like my girlfriend's parent's place in Prievidza" BTW - unrelated but are you aware of any nearby HN-style meetups (Vienna, Brno, Bratislava, Budapest)? HN is not the place for this, check your xenophobia at the door please. Well the article says "If the computer stopped working tomorrow, a staff person would have to turn each building’s climate control systems on and off by hand" - I know that's not exactly a tiny job across 19 schools but it doesn't seem to be a hugely tough task This is one of the main themes of the documentary Fed Up - the food & beverage industry have sold us a lie about the US obesity crisis (people are obese because they don't exercise enough) - while downplaying their involvement (hiding\obfuscating sugar in the nutrition information of "healthy" options, lobbying to have Pizza classified as a "vegetable" portion in school meals, etc). It's worth checking out: http://fedupmovie.com/ There's a relatively famous (and admittedly extreme\unlikely) example of this working in Russia, where someone changed his bank contract who blindly accepted it: http://rt.com/business/man-outsmarts-banks-wins-court-221/ Georgian has a fun number system too - numbers between 20-90 are expressed as a multiple of 20 + a number between 1 and 19: http://blog.conjugate.cz/georgian-is-fun "This item will be released on June 30, 2015." - looks like a new version of the Kindle Paperwhite. To be honest I'm still not sure if that's exactly what I should be looking at, it's not like there are any particularly funny reviews or anything It's weird that racism seems to be a common theme\complaint about taxi drivers in many countries. The stereotype of the racist cab driver - usually a loud guy oversharing some opinions about black\indian\romanian immigrants - is pretty ingrained in the UK psyche, and many people I know have had to endure awkward and cringeworthy conversations in black cabs. This is exactly what Lewis Page (defence reporter @ The Reg) suggested, ditching the F35 order and buying in some Rafales or F-18 Hornets - http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/04/17/f35_carriers_plot_by... Seems the UK have also ordered a shedload of F35s to replace a number of different roles in the RAF including the carrier launched Harrier jets. We've since sold the Harriers to the US which is quite telling really. I know HN frowns on "me too" responses but I am in the same boat. I'm heavily dependent on GMail right now and each time I see a story about someone having troubles on Google's non-charging (I hesitate to say "free") services I make a mental note to find a paid alternative, but never follow up. This trend of submitting posts sniping at Greece\Germany is starting to get ugly and isn't really suitable for HN, can we please stop? I am just tiring of seeing politics articles laden with rhetoric whose sole purpose is to provoke. They are not constructive, insightful or at this point even interesting. You suggest that there is some merit in a "let's discuss how bad the article is" discussion, but I think that's a wee bit of a stretch. The article disappeared fairly quickly anyway so it looks like I wasn't alone in thinking this way. Another reason I posted the comment instead of downvoting was that I can't downvote stories yet (I've only ~1200 karma), after seeing countless versions of these articles pop up I thought I'd add my $0.02 via a comment. My comment was added because I didn't feel a down vote was enough to convey what I thought, and actually I cannot even down vote on articles as my karma isn't sufficient :) Just to add a little factoid that doesn't disagree with your comment, but which some folks might find interesting: while heroin is an extremely bad thing you shouldn't get into and goes hand in hand with a lot of other bad things, it has a frighteningly minimal impact to the body/organs on its own. Physical dependence + tolerance and no small level of constipation in the short term, but not much else. Ah so maybe there isn't any downvote functionality for the articles themselves True, but at this point joining the EU pretty much involves consenting to adopt the Euro. Only Denmark and the UK have an opt-out afaik, all the other EU countries are obliged to join Take a look at http://ridiculousfish.com/blog/posts/will-it-optimize.html and more posts on that blog, some very interesting stuff there. Again? Didn't they get busted for this a few years back? Looks like I'm older than I realise - it was back in 2001 http://techreport.com/review/3089/how-ati-drivers-optimize-q... Yep, I posted the quake/quack thing including a link, a date and an "oops my mistake" apologetic comment What timing - I just read "Stack Computers: the new wave" by Philip Koopman ( http://users.ece.cmu.edu/~koopman/stack_computers/contents.h... ). I'm pretty sure it was recommended by someone on HN, but it's quite a nice mid\late 1980s take on a tech which never really took off. I wonder what Koopman would have thought about how things turned out. Wow that's really cool! This is something I'm extremely happy to have been corrected on, thanks! I remember in the announcement they had a great tagline that completely changed my reaction from "lol, stupid name" to "OK that is good" - Wii will change everything Is anyone else in the "My perfect phone would be my current one but with a battery that easily lasts 3+ days" boat? I've currently got an iPhone 5S, and I can achieve this with those portable USB chargers. I've no need for any of the other features which new generations of smartphones are adding (multi-core\multi-ghz processors, huge amounts of RAM etc), though there's perhaps a killer app round the corner which will advantage of this. Otherwise I cannot see myself replacing my 5S in the next couple of years (except for Apple dropping support, or me dropping it in my beer) "Efforts to end the North Korean nuclear programme without significant changes to their situation are futile. The US should know this by now." I don't think the US government are so naive as to not know this by now. I think both US\NK have accepted that it's a situation that cannot be easily considered "resolved" so instead each side heats\thaws relations as appropriate to suit their own particular needs at any given time. Do you know if the months červenec & červen are related to the words for red or worm? edit: or maybe you're not Czech and these months have different word in your language :) You're right and it is a teeny bit ironic that google's own programming language is not particularly google-able. However I find that "golang " does the trick pretty well. "...the new IE" has been thrown about so much it is basically an empty statement I'm afraid https://www.google.com/webhp?q=%22chrome+is+the+new+IE%22 https://www.google.com/webhp?q=%22firefox+is+the+new+IE%22 https://www.google.com/webhp?q=%22safari+is+the+new+IE%22 I don't think your comparison was unfair. It's impressive that LV has managed to manage\recycle their water as much as they have but to me it is shocking that they still somehow consume 5-6 times as much per capita as Oslo (and, according to some basic searching, much of the EU). Not wanting to turn this into the usual EU\US back-and-forth, but ... man how is it possible to use that much water? I guess it'd depend on how this is counted. If it is simply "total volume of gallons of water consumed divided by permanently resident population" then your suggestion probably explains the bulk of it. I would have hoped that it'd be measured slightly smarter however. This example from the article still has a hamburger menu, just in a different location: http://deep.design/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/B82uUMQCcAE4Eo... So the original popped up earlier on HN - was it resubmitted because Oracle have decided to delete it? You've said that in another comment, but haven't stated what that exactly it was Thanks, it does seem a slightly strange request Is there any scheme which permits a data to be encrypted such that there are two passwords\keys which can decrypt it - one which unlocks the real data and the other to some dummy\innocuous stuff? Radiolab - which Oliver Sacks frequently appeared on - has a good piece on Memory: http://www.radiolab.org/story/91569-memory-and-forgetting/ Tbh the sort of folks who don't believe in evolution are probably unlikely to be swayed by evidence. I think some of the religious arguments against evolution genuinely claim that fossil records used to support evolution are put on earth by God to test his believers. Not much you can say against that :-/ I've never seen this belief expressed in person (only on the net) so hopefully it isn't so prevalent Interestingly the first sentence of your second paragraph is a plot point in an episode of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia ("Science is a liar ... sometimes") : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zgk8UdV7GQ0 First for any non-UK'ers who happen to be having trouble with the terminology used: If you own the "freehold" on a property it means you own the building and the land If you own "leasehold" you have a sort of long-term lease on the property for a fixed and agreed upon length of time (could be 50 years, could be 100 years). On a slightly different but related note (i.e not necessarily foreign owned properties) the Private Eye article only shows the data for England, its actually a good deal worse in Scotland where huge chunks of the country are owned privately and indeed sometimes the owners are not even known. Take a look at the map in the link below for a bleak picture http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/aug/10/scotland-land... Yeah good point, Scotland hasn't got the lease\freehold distinction. Converting large chunks of the Highlands into national parks would be a great idea IMO. What was the potato starch and ground sugar for? Arguably a large part of the Cairngorms national park is not in the Highlands, but you're right. An additional nice thing is that the Cairngorms National Park is rare in the UK in that it is actually something resembling a proper national park. Yeah I got asked to resubmit, then redirected to a blank survey after the third time. Wonder if that means it was submitted, oh well... Maybe my mental image of what is/isn't the highlands is pretty far off the norm :) In my head it's whatever is north\west of the invisible line between Inverness and Fort William (like that upper bar of the old BBC Scotland logo). First paragraph of wiki has a good definition - "Gazumping occurs when a seller (especially of property) accepts an oral offer (a promise to purchase) on the property from one potential buyer, but then accepts a higher offer from someone else. It can also refer to the seller raising the asking price or asking for more money at the last minute, after previously orally agreeing to a lower one. In either case, the original buyer is left in a bad situation, and either has to offer a higher price or lose the purchase" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gazumping GoogleFight would overwhelmingly tend to agree with you: http://www.googlefight.com/%22king+of+edge+hill%22-vs-%22mol... :) Same for me, I cannot think of the use case for this - maybe it was introduced in the embrace/extend/extinguish era to nudge people into using Rich Text format emails? Same for me, I cannot think of the use case for this - maybe it was introduced in the embrace/extend/extinguish era to nudge people into using Rich Text format emails? I don't understand this. I googled for a few things but only got some stories about her meeting Modi when he was in charge of Gujarat but nothing particularly interesting or related to what you said Gold Master, I think How did you calculate the $60k in opportunity cost? Was it 106 days worth of what you think that guy could earn at market wages? Hmm I'm not sure I'd be able to estimate much better I'm afraid - I was just curious. I circulated this through my workplace (cca 900 people). We've got a lot of mostly-non-tech people (testers and analysts) who have some interaction with our product via SQL where reports or UI aren't available. They usually create simple SELECT queries, or re-use more complex prewritten ones. I think many people will use this to get a better understanding of how everything they're using fits together. I've no doubt it will be a hit, thank you very much for taking the time to create this. Similar to this is the "cupertino" effect: there's a number of examples in the first few minutes of this episode of RadioLab (and a few more scattered throughout): http://www.radiolab.org/story/91721-oops/ IT's when a legitimate word is mistakenly auto-corrected or switched out by a filter - apparently named after the word "co-operation" being mistakenly corrected to be "Cupertino". One of the examples given is a christian website which bowedlerised* the word "Gay" to "Homosexual" and posted an article about talking the 100m sprinter "Tyson Homosexual" What part? Is the incorporation of a company complicated\bureacratic? I know here in Czech Rep you pretty much need to have a local Czech speaker setup\registered\licensed with a certain status before you can create a new company. Or is there some capital requirements ("you must have €x,000 in the company accts to operate"), or lawyers fees that make it either tough\impossible for the early "ramen" stage? There's a big difference between "it works for most people on linux" and "we support our product on linux" That is really only true for some Banks if they're registered\based in the City of London (i.e. not where SoundCloud are), but "the Bahamas of Europe" moniker is probably more applicable to Liechtenstein, Switzerland, Jersey\Guernsey or even Ireland. Isn't it more because they're a simple IM application (albeit spread across a number of platforms)? I know they're hugely successful and there are considerations about scaling to that sort of size, but surely the fact that their product is extremely simple has to be a huge factor? Let's not turn this into a private/public school thing Re the catch-22: I wonder the degree to which you're affected by this depends on how seriously you take it (sort of like Kafka's "The Trial"). Could you maybe just supply any address (your workplace, some other contact) and get round it that way? There's still a handful of people who this won't help - folks rich/skilled enough to move countries without having a job or contacts and those unfortunate enough to have fled another and entered as a refugee. I don't think anyone commenting along these lines on HN is that ignorant. Everyone on here understands that anything executed at the WhatsApp/FB/Instagram sort of scale is going to present all sorts of tough problems and require software engineering know-how in spades. However of all the various applications you could conceivably scale to hundreds of millions of users this is one of the simplest. I do not think acknowledging that is cringeworthy at all. I think if you provide an interesting detailed and related anecdote like you did then it's not a "me too" post What is this? I googled the term and got a bunch of smiley pictures and a horror film released relatively recently. Edit: should have googled better, it's this smiley: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Smiley Curse my stupid phone, I downvoted you when trying to scroll. Maybe someone from Amazon is reading HN - that's showing as €61 for me Care to summarise any of the interesting parts, or is it worth holding on and checking this at home? I'm at work and I suspect clicking on "myplanetganja.com" will not go down well with our infra team. Also what does "Variety Jones == Plural of Mongoose" mean? I adore lots of the bunniestudios blog posts but "awesome to noise" is the exact opposite of how I'd describe that blog. There are dozens of "Name that ware" (and "Winner: name that ware...") posts and in recent history they vastly outnumber the good stuff. I enjoy the blog posts with substance, however the majority of the posts are "guess the mystery unlabeled circuit board" which isn't really my thing. Take a look at the last 12 posts: - Sex, Circuits & Deep House - Name that Ware, September 2015 - Winner, Name that Ware July 2015 - Name that Ware, July 2015 - Winner Name that Ware June 2015 - Name that Ware, June 2015 - Winner, Name that Ware May 2015 - Name that Ware, May 2015 - Winner, Name that Ware April 2015 - Name that Ware April 2015 - Winner, Name that Ware March 2015 - The Heirloom Laptop’s Custom Wood Composite See what I mean? Agree, I just checked it out there's a lot going on. Sort of reminds me of McAfee's ramblings I know and that is completely what I expected. I had typed out a "disclaimer: I know Bunnie and his team have a lot going on, I am not having a go" proviso but I figured HN was a place where we don't need to have be so defensive :-/ Just to add to that, even if there wasn't such a negative connotation I think that the repetition of the phrase throughout the text is just plain awkward\ungainly I can't see either - would be nice to see\understand a little more what's so special about it. My jaw is practically on the floor - the brutalist architecture I'm used to in the UK is not a patch on these buildings. I had no idea they existed! That's a strange coincidence, I'm tall (6 feet 2) and their clothes hit the sweet spot for me fit-wise, I know of a handful of others the same. Personally I hope they stay open purely so I can keep ordering their hoodies and long sleeve tshirts What does "DFS" mean? You're all using it in your comments, but I've only known it as "Depth-first search" or alternatively a company that sells sofas in the UK. Google and Wikipedia are similarly stumped. Huge amounts - I stumbled upon this story recently and it was a pretty interesting read - http://qz.com/475494/how-a-cheap-indian-whiskey-beat-smirnof... For anyone confused at the title - it's a reference to a part of the epic Wagner opera "Der ring des nibelungen" called "Götterdämmerung" or "Twilight of the Gods" In that case we're 100% on the same page :) From what I understand getting to The Front Page of Reddit is pretty big deal for some folks (or so I can tell from some FB friends' screenshots\comments they've posted - it's not my thing). I suspect that changing it so everyone (or some) people see a different front page would diminish the prestige of that and maybe make Reddit less special for some people. Weirdly the first image in this piece isn't Russian, it's Czech. It says "long live the world's first female cosmonaut"