I don't know what field these languages are "taking by storm" -- it certainly isn't the field of corporate software development. Java and C# have the following advantages: - Familiarity, which means programmers are easy to hire and can finish projects without overcoming a learning curve - A huge amount of high-quality libraries for almost any task - Good IDEs and build tools - The concepts are not exotic. The object-oriented features are now the industry standard. Nobody wants to spend the time to learn these new languages if they don't offer a significant improvement over Java and C#. Of the ones you listed, Scala is the most likely to succeed because it can interoperate smoothly with Java and offers concurrency features that Java does not. Twitter's successful use of Scala has also contributed to the language's popularity. National debt is different from household debt for many reasons, including the fact that the government operates a central bank, prints its own currency, does not have to apply for credit, passes the laws that specify the terms of the debt it owes, etc. Plus, in the case of the United States, the national debt is in the form of one of the safest and most widely held investment vehicles in the world : US treasury debt. To argue that government debt is the not any different from household debt is to ignore all of those things. As a former grad student, I am not at all surprised by this. Academia is a very personality-driven world where prestige, connections, and social capital matter at least as much as the quality of one's work. The prestige, influence, and connections of one's department and dissertation advisor make a huge difference, and the most prestigious advisors tend to work at the most prestigious universities. In a job market with so few openings, especially in the humanities, this clearly has a distorting effect. I suspect that if the job market were not so bad, the effects described in this study would be reduced. I was referring specifically to the academic job market, which is about as bad as it has ever been. In humanities disciplines, there are hundreds more graduates than jobs every year. When I was in graduate school, I was somewhat involved in the process of hiring a few professors. Whoever we would have hired was probably going to get tenure and remain in the department for decades. Intangible personal and interpersonal aspects of the candidates were therefore about as important as the quality of their research, because nobody wants to be stuck working for 20 years with someone they don't feel comfortable with. Naturally, this has a tendency to perpetuate the gender and race imbalances in academia. The C programmers whom I know don't like Go because it doesn't have pointer arithmetic, and the runtime does some "magic" stuff like the goroutines. A lot of C programmers don't really like encapsulation as much as people who are used to object-oriented languages. C++ and Java programmers see Go as an intentionally crippled language without inheritance or generics, which they can't quite wrap their heads around. Java programmers have a very hard time accepting the lack of dependency versioning, and the Go team's insistence that it is not important is mind-boggling to anyone who has been using Maven for years. Ruby and Python programmers see Go as a step back in usability and syntax, and those who have not used a statically-typed language see a lot of boilerplate. On top of all of that, any of the aforementioned ecosystems have a large set of libraries that are widely known and standard in the industry. I like Go, and I think most programmers would like it if they gave it a chance, but I think it challenges too many peoples' preconceptions. Compare that to Scala, which you can sell as "better Java" and get people on board immediately. Have other platforms done this? I'm having trouble thinking of a language toolkit that has dependency management built by the core team. All of these solutions are third-party, they have just become the de-facto standard: Java uses Maven or Gradle: third party Python uses pip: third party Ruby uses gems: third party Node.js uses npm: third party I'm sure I'm missing some, but this seems to be the norm. Go just hasn't been around long enough for a single third-party solution to become the de facto standard. Despite the assertions made in the article, the adjunct system is sustainable, because there is no shortage of naive, delusional people who will complete graduate degrees despite knowing full well the state of the academic job market. I know people stuck on the treadmill of adjuncting, and their resistance to the idea of working outside of academia is amazing. They are still holding out for the impossible. De Anza is one of the better community colleges in an area with high cost of living. In other places, community college instructors make a lot less. Increasing inequality, and a decline of the wages of the middle class, are worldwide phenomena that are occurring in most first-world countries. The effects of trends are currently the most extreme in the United States, but I'd be willing to bet that the US just got here first, and others will follow. I won't pretend that anyone really knows why this is happening (although a few causes seem fairly obvious), but it is clearly a worldwide phenomenon, and looking for causes only in the United States is a bit myopic. If gerrymandering persists, the dysfunction of Congress will also persist, no matter how many members there are. Representatives have no incentives to behave responsibly under the current districting situation. Don't worry about the guy who makes a lot of money today. Worry about his children, and the unearned influence they will have over business and politics. It subverts meritocracy when a large segment of the population inherits enough wealth that they do not have to work, or can get any job they want through family connections without competing. This class of people will tend to favor legislation that reduces social mobility, in order to protect their interests. The trend toward inequality then reinforces itself. By drawing district lines around politically homogenous populations, gerrymandering guarantees that representatives accurately represent the views of their constituents and enables hyper-partisan behavior without consequences. Adding representatives does nothing to change that. 6400 gerrymandered districts will give us the same results as 435. Why would it be surprising? I only turn those off when I get on the plane. Operation staff will immediately start guarding the food bowl as resources become finite. Server provision waits start to seem like breadlines. Power is consolidated with Those Whom You Must Ask. This is the worst part about moving out of the cloud, especially since cloud computing has moved a lot of ops and deployment responsibility to developers. All models are wrong. Some models are useful. Problems occur when people expect the model to correspond 100% to reality, which it was never intended to do. It is confusing the map for the territory. Unfortunately most journalists have this tendency. Rent control is a case of the government forcing landlords to do something that is really the government's job. If the government wants housing to be affordable, it can build more of it, or provide households with tax credits or vouchers to help them afford to pay rent. Vouchers are less desirable than increasing supply, but they cause fewer market distortions and bad incentives than rent control, which is a price ceiling, which we know for sure leads to shortages. Instead of taking on this public policy responsibility, the government of San Francisco has decided to take the easy way out by capping rents on certain units, which unfairly forces landlords to shoulder the burden of a job the government ought to be doing. This incentivizes all kinds of crazy things, including removing housing stock from the market under the Ellis Act. I know people who had their homes re-assessed in 2009-2010 and their property taxes decreased significantly from the pre-collapse amount. The Ivy League has a big problem promoting their financial aid packages. A lot of people don't know that low-income students can attend for free. There is no catch, it really is free, as the article here has mentioned. The Ivy League needs to do a much better job getting the word out about this to the students who might benefit from it. Even during the deepest point of the post-1980s recession, unemployment never exceeded 6%. In fact, the highest level of unemployment Japan has experienced since 1953 was 5.6%: http://www.tradingeconomics.com/japan/unemployment-rate It is interesting that they managed to preserve low unemployment and increase the standard of living during about 20 years of flat economic growth, but they've done it. Part of it can be explained by the fact that layoffs are rare (companies almost always assign employees to do unnecessary work rather than lay them off), but that is not sufficient to explain how Japan maintained the world's second-highest GDP during the "lost decade." Is there any credible evidence for that? Overproduction of PhDs serves the interests of academia, which wants cheap and easily replaceable adjunct labor. Nobody is particularly motivated to change this, not even the adjuncts themselves, because they have convinced themselves that they have a shot at a tenure-track position, which is a remote possibility for most of them. That is one of the few PhD programs whose graduates can find industry jobs, and whose graduates also intend to find industry jobs. There are tons of people in SF and the valley who work even though they have enough money to retire right now. If this was a big problem, we would have found out about it years ago. Once again, instead of responsibly approaching the housing problem by passing measures to incentivize building more supply, the SF government has taken the easy way out by placing more restrictions on what can be done with existing units. This is a convenient regulation for politicians because it appeases certain people and attacks an easy scapegoat, but it will have a minimal effect on the quality and quantity of housing available, and on the price of rent. I'm always impressed by the simple ingenuity of the Doom source code and the immersive environment it creates. Someone needs to fix the contrast on that page. It's very hard to read. If this is really true, it takes some balls to push code to the system that is running the plane that you yourself are flying in. I mean, I've released bugs to production before, but they have never put my life at risk... Has anyone ever cared about a mission statement? Can you provide any evidence for this assertion? Because the OP provided evidence. Even so, $15/hr might be more than the average pay for janitorial work in this area. And there are plenty of working class people living here. Were you under the impression that the working class people you see every day are all living somewhere else? It also prevents coins being dropped while passed from hand to hand. In a county with coins up to about the $5 equivalent, that's pretty useful. How can one expect to have a strong portfolio of work "straight out of high school"? There simply hasn't been enough time to build a strong one. A few student projects or a part-time summer job is quite different from several years of web dev experience, which very few 18-year-olds have. > I don't understand why Go is so insistent that dependency management is something for the community to solve The expectation that every new language should come with a dependency management ecosystem is a bit questionable. A lot of major languages' dependency management solutions were created by the community: Java: Maven, Gradle Python: PIP Ruby: Gems Node.js: NPM Some of these have been adopted by the official language maintainers, but as far as I know, they originated in the community. It's not just the try/catch thing. Ruby code can have a syntax error in a conditional that is rarely true, which may crop up in production from time to time. I've seen it happen many times, including in some popular Ruby libraries. A compiled language would have caught that. And yet, no matter how much you have to complain about, your trains are 10X better than what we have in the US. In Silicon Valley, the high-tech capital of the world, a pedestrian suicide (which happens depressingly often, and therefore cannot be considered an unusual event by the transit planners) brings the entire Caltrain network to a halt for two hours. And by "network," I mean the only line the network has. At least you have other trains to take. > I have no idea why, but with Japanese companies it's a common theme. Most don't even care about overseas expansion, and if they do, it's poorly executed (say, Daihatsu, who dicked around on the European market for decades without ever listening to even trivial customer wishes, and then wrote the whole business off because it "obviously can't work" – well, duh). The Japanese domestic consumer market is so enormous that many Japanese companies are simply not interested in selling their goods internationally, because they don't need to. They can make plenty of money without dealing with the complications of selling their products in other countries. Many are small businesses and are content with making enough money to cover payroll. Shared libraries were considered a bad idea in Plan 9, and I really wish that point of view had made it into commercial Unix and Linux. > EVs need to be able to do 0-60 in 2.8s to be widely accepted?? ryguytilidie's comment, in context, included this explanation: "PR stunts like this get people more interested in a great thing." And yes, products which are new and different generally need good PR in order to be accepted by consumers. Quite a lot of the press is talking about this today, which is what Tesla hoped to achieve. There is also a subreddit for this: https://www.reddit.com/r/churning Most of the examples in the article are about state-owned, state-operated enterprises, such as sovereign wealth funds, utilities, oil and mineral extraction, etc. In fact, I could not find any example of "putting a state-run monopoly in private hands" anywhere in the article. Did you even read it? > According to him, not blindly gifting away the collectively-held public commons into the hands of private capital to sell it back to us is now called "Socialism". That's quite a strawman there. He never argued anything remotely like that. Actually, socialism is a broad enough term to encompass state ownership as well as worker ownership or control. That's true in academia as well as in non-academic discourse. State ownership of major industries, without worker control, often accomplished through nationalization of pre-existing industries, has been a characteristic policy of socialist political parties and governments throughout the 20th century. For example, almost every major industry in the UK was nationalized in the 1940s, and such action was labeled as socialism by both its proponents and opponents. Under this most prevalent usage of the term, state ownership of an electrical utility or a sovereign wealth fund certainly qualifies. Were you under the impression that the author intends to stigmatize anything, or believes that socialism is a bad thing? He is clearly in favor of public ownership. I don't have Waze installed on my phone, and I get alerts in Google Maps that are labeled as coming from Waze, so there is at least some integration. Who is made worse off by the FasTrak HOV lane arrangement? People who can't afford the HOV lanes will remain stuck in traffic like they always were, although there will be less traffic than there used to be, because the people who can afford to use the new HOV lanes are no longer in the normal lanes. Some people are made better off, and nobody is made worse off. Just raise the tolls until the traffic jam goes away. If the revenue is used to build better public transit, most people won't need a car to get to work. A "24-hour train that goes to every business and every home in the area" is not necessary to achieve this. It is very easy to live without a car in many of the cities which implement congestion tolls, and they don't have 24-hour train service straight to everyone's front door. Trains or buses within walking distance of most people's homes and workplaces, which operate from say 5AM to midnight, would be sufficient, and that is exactly what most great cities in the world have. That's only true if driving is the only way to get to work. If people can get to work on public transit, and it costs less than paying the congestion charge, they will use public transit. In other words, the congestion charge is a constraint on traffic volume, just as road supply is, because it changes the equilibrium of supply and demand. It isn't like this is a hypothetical experiment that hasn't been tried. It is a fact that people take public transit when it is easier or cheaper than driving. It has happened in cities around the world. That's the result of a bad design in this particular case, and it isn't inherent to the concept of an HOV lane. It kinda does by definition, actually. Studies have shown that intergenerational social mobility in America since the 80s has been a bit lower than is popularly assumed. Stiglitz's book about this is newsworthy because most people still don't know that, despite the fact that economists and sociologists have known it, and talked about it, and taught it to their students, for decades. This isn't a convincing argument because not every city is like yours. I think it is fairly clear at this point that student loans have worsened the problem they were supposed to solve. The fact that students, most of whom have no assets and have never worked, and cannot prove their future earning potential, can get over $100k in loans that cannot be discharged in bankruptcy just by signing their name, has clearly caused massive distortions in the education market. During the past few decades, the number of administrators in American universities has grown significantly, tuition has risen dramatically, and even public universities are investing in luxury amenities to attract student money, and raising tuition to pay for them. The past few decades have also seen a proliferation of for-profit universities which are being investigated by the government for exploiting students by encouraging them to take out huge loans to pay tuition for programs without any value. They are taking advantage of flawed student aid policy by using the students to take money from the government. None of these things have happened in any other wealthy country, even though those countries have also seen the same shift in the job market that the United States has. This is not a consequence of the changing job market, because if it was, it would have happened elsewhere. It is a consequence of policy choices. The incentives for bad behavior are abundantly clear. In other developed countries, it is harder to get student loans, and easier to pay them back, and college is more accessible to poor students than it is in the United States. That's because public universities in other developed countries have caps on tuition, and students have caps on how much they can borrow, so universities can't use students as a vehicle for diverting government money to themselves. If everyone in a democratic society would benefit from this, it ought to be part of the compulsory education that everyone receives as a teenager. Plus, if we had better junior high and high school educations in this country, we could cut out a lot of the general education requirements in colleges and graduate in 3 years instead of 4. With today's tuition rates, a 3-year degree could represent a substantial amount of money saved for the average student. A lot of people trusted Apple with their photos, and Apple did not release any photos, but that doesn't really matter because they were stolen. A lot of people trusted Ashley Madison, and Ashley Madison did not release any data, but that doesn't really matter because it was also stolen. Given that nobody has invented perfect security, it is reasonable to assume that any data anywhere can be stolen, and therefore you have no control over who accesses it. Why should there be a law about this? If you don't like Facebook's rules, you don't have to use it. Nobody is forcing you to get an account. This is the problem if you want to publish. A lot of journals want .docx or Latex files, not PDFs, and they will simply reject submissions that don't comply with their requirements. It would be nice if journals would accept Markdown, but frankly I don't expect that to happen anytime soon. It makes no difference. The amount of carbon in the atmosphere has not changed. If anything, this might mean that trees are less effective at reducing carbon than we thought, because there are more trees than we thought there were. I use Java/Spring, Ruby, and Node.js in production, and Node.js is by far the hardest to stay up to date with without introducing major problems. The only framework I have used that is harder to update is Finagle. It's not just Node itself to blame. There seems to be a culture of breaking things in the Node.js ecosystem. Breaking changes in third-party libraries are common. I have to specify exact dependency versions in my package.json, and almost every time I update one of them, something goes wrong. Not to mention the government will waste millions of dollars and not get a conviction. I don't think the government could afford to prosecute every white collar crime because of the high cost of doing so. I think that stuff like this and code boot camps, rather than online distance learning, is the real threat to traditional higher education. In my time in academia, I was always struck by how uncomfortable academics were with the idea of university educations being vocational training, rather than education "for its own sake." It's a nice ideal, but almost all students, especially those in STEM fields, are in college to improve their career prospects. But academics are mainly focused on replicating themselves, i.e. focusing on teaching things that are useful to students who plan to attend graduate school in the field, but not useful to the majority of students who do not. This is how we end up with CS grads who can implement obscure data structures they will never use in industry but cannot do practical things like use version control or continuous integration, or write good unit tests. For someone who wants to work in a technical field, I think new programs like this one, or like code boot camps, are becoming increasingly attractive as college tuition becomes more expensive and student loans become more burdensome. If employers are willing to hire graduates of these programs, traditional universities will have trouble attracting students. And they should. I know web devs who have taught themselves CS fundamentals and the stuff you mentioned, but they started with boot camp doing Rails. And why not? They were able to teach themselves this stuff while working for a good salary and getting experience for their resume. I would be very surprised if VW was the only company that did this. I hope this is a catalyst for the EPA to change to real-world emissions testing. I think reddit's issues stem from a simple case of failing to manage expectations -- the users got the idea that Reddit was a bastion of free speech where they could post anything, no matter how offensive. Apparently the corporation never really believed that, despite some of its representatives making statements that seemed to confirm it. Reddit ought to have been more straightforward with its content policy from the beginning. Some would argue that such a policy would have restricted the growth of reddit, but I think that as long as the content policy was not enforced in a heavy-handed manner, it would not have caused issues. Some users seem to feel like they are the true owners of the site, and that the corporation exists to serve them and fulfill their needs. This is another example of the corporation's failure to manage expectations. They seem to have lost control over the site they created. I'm sure Condé Nast has been asking themselves that question a lot lately. From what I know of the car industry, coding standards are very low. I don't think any car companies would look good if their code was audited by professional software engineers in other fields. Even if this is true, and I doubt that it is, it's not really that important. The real question is why people in positions of responsibility didn't prevent it from happening. Every one of your paragraphs contains a strawman. What state is that? > With Chromecast (or something similar to connect your computer to TV), and a decent Antenna, you do not really need anything else. Unless you want to watch a lot of sports. Diffs are a secondary concern. Writing code that is well-structured and readable as it currently exists is the most important thing. I think a lot of people feel trapped in a life of crime by their past, and in the case of the mafia, by most of their friends and family. If they can get a new past and new surroundings, they may take advantage of the chance to live differently. This is a version of the same argument that people make about rehabilitation generally: people with a felony conviction find it difficult to get good honest work, and many revert to living and hanging out with the same kind of people who got them in trouble in the first place. Witness protection is an extreme version of what most rehabilitation advocates are suggesting: an opportunity to start with a clean slate (i.e. no felony record that hurts employment), and avoiding bad influences from one's past. The results of witness protection seem to validate these arguments. Corollary: include an example config file somewhere, so new developers can figure out how the heck to get the app to start up properly. I always do. My company has a canonical .gitignore that we update when we see things in git repos that should not be there. It now contains all of the stupid hidden project directories for all of the major IDEs, build artifacts we don't want, and a bunch of other stuff. I highly recommend this approach. The try block method would be considered bad in most languages, and I hope it is considered bad in Python as well. Using exception handling as part of a normal flow of control is bad style, bad taste, and bad for performance. EDIT: I'm glad to see the Python documentation addresses this: https://docs.python.org/2/faq/design.html#how-fast-are-excep... It would not surprise me to see an Apple ARM chip in future Macs. The improvement to battery life would be huge. As with the Intel transition, I bet Apple already has OS X running on ARM chips. The biggest problem would be to get third-party software developers to port to ARM, especially the major ones like Adobe. Microsoft already does a lot of work for ARM, so the barrier to getting Office running on OS X on ARM might be pretty low. I hope that Docker will increase the popularity of languages like Haskell by taking away most of the problems with deployment and dependency management. If I can just create a Docker container for my ops team to deploy, without them needing to know what is inside of it, I can pretty much use any language I want. > It's less toxic than tobacco smoke. Sure, but if it is still toxic, I shouldn't have to breathe the secondhand smoke. Smokers can do what they want to their own lungs, but I don't want to be on an airplane or a bus breathing in that stuff. Are you suggesting that arguments for banning secondhand smoke in public places are equally valid arguments for banning flying and driving? > I understand that you may find e-cigarette smoke annoying but that's not a sufficient reason to ban something in a free society. Of course it is! We ban a lot of things that are annoying. We have noise ordinances and various other public nuisance laws, as do all other free societies. The difference is that vaping only benefits the vaper, but the harms caused by vaping affect everyone. In contrast, everyone in society benefits from the mobility and economic activity facilitated by transportation. Even if you never drive a car, take a bus, or even leave your house, you are better off because of cars, busses, trains, and airplanes because of the increased economic growth they facilitate. The benefit and the harm are both fully socialized. You think your ops team really knows what they are pushing? Whether you are deploying jar files, Debian packages, or Docker containers, or whatever else, the ops people rarely look inside. Their main concerns are security and performance, and those can be audited using black-box testing. Code quality has to be enforced by engineers, because ops people are not capable of doing code reviews. Not entirely. A lot of universities get taxpayer money to do research, and $1m is not out of the normal range for research funding in science and technology. If Tor should be robust against strong adversaries unconstrained by ethics, it needs to be tested by strong adversaries unconstrained by ethics. Yep. In most of the cities I've lived in in California, backyard fires have been completely banned, and fireplace fires have been restricted. > Law, not wealth, should give rights the people. Why do you think you have a right to live in a home that someone else owns, and to control the price they can charge you? People think playing the "devil's advocate" card exempts their poor arguments from criticism. It doesn't. Just ignore it, and when you fix it, select the affected lines and use the auto-indentation feature. Why do you care how it ends up being indented before you fix it, if you are paying so much attention to the stuff you are trying to download from your head? If it has always been known, then why is it making so much news? Tor's purpose is to anonymize traffic. What is it good for, if it can't do that? > Downvotes in response to an honest, well-formed, well-founded argument are the lowest form of criticism. I agree, which is why I singled out poor arguments in my comment. In Mountain View, 24 in a 35 zone will cause traffic jams and road rage. It's a busy place. It's a matter of public safety. Holding up a line of cars is likely to result in road rage, or an accident. It's also very rare for slow drivers to get ticketed. And it integrates well with other software. They constantly mention the safety of their cars as a selling point. It's not surprising that they want to take care of this as quickly as possible, before it damages the brand. On the other hand, the parents are outliers, and rose above their peers. Would you expect them to be happy if their children were mediocre? After all, what are genes for? Nope. We use rather expensive toilet paper advertised by cartoon bears. I would imagine that recruiting is harder for Yahoo than retention. It must be very difficult for them to attract good people, at all levels of the organization. > I foresee something alike the split of nurses and nurseaides happening to software developers. There'll be a few software developers capable of understanding computing from A to Z who will write the libraries and the tools, and everybody else will be a consumer of these tools writing apps for the end users. I think that's already happened to some extent, as the proliferation of coding boot camps demonstrates. On the other hand, a lot of the tools currently in use require a great deal of programming knowledge from users, e.g. Hadoop. I wish HN would implement some width controls on comments to help with horizontal eye scan... A lot of students don't work during college. They are supported by their parents' money, student loans, or a combination of both. As a Java developer who used to be a Ruby developer, I can't believe how poorly dependency versioning (and just general Ruby versioning) works. It should be simple to have multiple versions of libraries coexisting on a system. Maven can do it fairly easily. RVM and rbenv seem like hacky solutions to a problem that is easily solved by specifying dependency versions in your project. Yeah, but that's a serious problem. I can't think of other languages that suffer from this, except perhaps Python. Why should I have to install a single library in multiple places in my system, if I have multiple versions of Ruby installed? It's a disaster for upgrades and deployment. Plus, tools like RVM and rbenv seem to depend on a bunch of hacky symlinking and $PATH manipulation to make things work. Ensuring that developers' laptops have the same environment as production boxes is not trivial, no matter what the authors of these tools claim. >The article is just as data free as my single data point. No it isn't. The article contains links that confirm most of the problems it mentions. The problems may not affect you, but they definitely exist, and you can't dismiss them just because your laptop works properly. And https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Essentialism The history of Python 2, 3, and 4 is a great lesson in how not to manage changes and versioning in a language. The layout and operation of this page are very frustrating. It's there, near the bottom. You have to keep clicking the down arrow at the bottom of the page to load more posts. I think the only realistic solution to this is to vendor your go dependencies. If Github ever changes its URL schema, a whole bunch of stuff is going to break. The Go maintainers have conflated what a library is and where a library is. That's an important distinction that should not be glossed over like this. Two engineers with average compensation could split at apartment at that price, and many do. So do married couples with dual incomes. I never argued in favor high rent prices. I merely pointed out that they are more affordable, to more people, than you think they are. Your misplaced moral outrage is clouding your reading comprehension. Once again, your reading comprehension needs some work. I never said that I spend that much on rent. In fact, I spend less than $2000 per month on rent. But what I spend is not relevant, because I never made any statements about myself. I was merely pointing out that the argument, "Tech employees making $200k+ are the only ones who can afford a $4k per month apartment in SF", is incorrect, and that many people who make less than $200k are living in apartments that cost that much. You don't legally "own" your number. You have the right to port it, but that is not the same thing. > There used to be a notion that it is a quintessential right for citizens to be anonymous to the government, even if that just means choosing or even just having a choice of interacting with the Government, but also being able to choose not to and forego some things. I don't believe that such a notion ever existed in a widespread way, or was a significant part of the political culture. It would effectively be a way to "opt out" of government authority. Care to provide any evidence? I could put a sign on my living room wall that says "Anyone who sees this sign owes me $100." Do you think that would hold up in court? Of course it wouldn't. Asserting something does not make it true. Your example is as trivial as mine, from a legal point of view -- you can't create constitutional rights that don't exist simply by asserting them. The courts decide where people have an expectation of privacy; you can't just create that expectation by writing it down. That's a bit far. I'll just stop using mine to plot major crimes. If you choose to disable one of the core technologies of the modern web, you'll just have to take what you can get. Why should your drug use, or anyone else's, create obligations for other people to support you, treat you, and help you overcome addiction? The libertarian case for legalizing drugs falls apart if society has to take responsibility for providing support systems as a reaction to the actions of individual drug users. Frankly, most people would rather continue to ban drugs than pay for treatment for people who abuse them. Yes, I know this is shortsighted because we already pay for the costs of incarceration and law enforcement. But that's the status quo, and changing it is going to require convincing people that the alternative is better. > Where did you detect this suggestion? From evincarofautumn's post: > However, while proceeding with legalisation, we must also establish better social support systems so that people can safely enjoy drugs in moderation. Those social support systems will cost money. They will have to be funded by taxpayers. Unless they are cheaper than the current system of enforcement and incarceration, people will not support them. Furthermore, it is more politically palatable to punish drug users than to help them. People will be morally opposed to these support systems, and will use them as a reason to oppose drug legalization. > That's also where the libertarian case falls apart for legalizing cheeseburgers, and motorcycles. Drug legalization is a political debate. This is about practicality, not pure logical argumentation. There is no political argument for legalizing cheeseburgers and motorcycles, because they are already legal. Nobody is attempting to change the status quo. If we want to legalize illegal drugs, we will have to convince people to change the status quo. Changing the status quo, which is the default position, requires evidence that the suggested alternative is superior. Yeah, the libertarian argument is basically that people ought to be able to do what they want with their own bodies, including consuming drugs, and that it's not the government's business if they endanger themselves. If drugs become legalized, the system that gets created will not fit the libertarian vision. Thats because weed does not destroy peoples minds and bodies like crack and heroin do. There is therefore no need for public health interventions on the scale of what would happen if more dangerous drugs were legalized. The major cause of the problem is the balkanization of transit planning in the Bay Area. Most metropolitan areas this size have some kind of transit authority that plans systematically for the entire region. We are stuck with multiple incompatible systems, and small NIMBY cities like Menlo Park get to block development that would benefit everyone. > Talking to a few activists about this solution and most of them say that "building your way" out of it only makes sense if you are also building affordable housing. They are incorrect. Building luxury housing will take some of the demand pressure off of non-luxury housing (which constitutes the vast majority of the housing in San Francisco), thereby lowering its price. The only way this wouldn't work is if nobody could afford to live in the new luxury housing. But we know for sure that there are plenty of people who want to, can afford to, and are moving into the newer luxury developments as soon as they are available. The lower-quality housing those people move out of is now available for people who can't afford the new luxury housing. Non-luxury housing is already being rented at market rates, except for the rent-controlled units, but those are effectively not part of the liquid housing market anyway because the tenants won't leave. Hence the recent increase in landlords trying to force the tenants out, so the housing can be rented at the market rate, like all other housing already is. Everything I wrote presupposes that all housing is rented at the market rate, including the non-luxury housing. I suppose you put quotes around "market rates" as a form of sarcasm, but aside from rent-controlled units, all housing rents at the equilibrium market rate determined by supply and demand. If someone jacks up the price of older apartments and is still able to find tenants, all that proves is that those apartments had been rented out at a price below the market rate before now. The market rate is quite simply the amount people are willing to pay. Quite a few of the best software engineers in the world live in the Bay Area and do not want to leave, and the larger players want to hire them. They could hire engineers elsewhere for a lot less money, but they want to hire these specific engineers, and are willing to pay what it takes. You should have got off the freeway. There is new construction everywhere in Redwood City, for example. Most of the 101 corridor has been built up for decades. The construction is not happening right next to the freeway. I couldn't give a percentage, but there are a lot of biotech companies in the peninsula, especially in South San Francisco, and Kaiser Permanente is one of the largest employers in the area. UCSF and Stanford Medical Center are also major employers. Plus, the fact that someone is technical does not always mean they want to fiddle with getting chat systems working. None of the engineers in my department would be willing to mess with IRC when Hipchat and Slack provide turnkey solutions that just work, the first time you open them, and require no configuration or special treatment. If you want that to change, support changes in patent law. You can't expect any company to act against its own self interest while other companies take full advantage of the system. In other words, don't hate the player; hate the game. It would be trivially easy for an engineer to add a GPL-licensed dependency to a project without realizing it, perhaps via a transitive dependency, thereby causing the company to be in breach of the GPL. If you don't audit, you don't know if you are in breach of the GPL or not. Your corporate counsel will want you to audit. You can't reasonably take any action, including open sourcing your project or even posting code snippets on a company engineering blog, until you know which licenses you actually use. Try running mvn:dependency-tree on any large enterprise Java project, and see what comes out. If you told me you were familiar with every single library in the output, I would not believe you. I like the idea that people who want to use things will be able to continue using them in the future. Nobody is forcing you to use them. I was surprised when the tech scene took off in Austin in the first place, given that the Dallas/Ft. Worth/Richardson area has a much higher concentration of tech companies and tech workers. Actually, there are quite a few other differences, including the fact that Ponzi schemes are intentionally fraudulent, and the fact that the many of the "overhyped" startups actually do have a chance at succeeding, which is proved by the fact that some do succeed. I forget that 3D Touch exists because I own an iPad, which does not have it. After using the iPad for a while, I stopped trying to use 3D Touch on my phone, because I got conditioned to the idea that it isn't there. > Thunderbird & Firefox, the only browsers that were designed with the intelligent and free user in mind That's not remotely close to being true. It's very obvious that many of the people and organizations active in San Francisco politics do not understand economics 101. They say some really stupid things, and voters believe them. There are certainly productive conversations to be had within a rational economic paradigm, but too many of the participants reject the paradigm, and therefore no productive conversation with them can occur. For example, here is one opinion piece from the Examiner, in which the author writes, "But supply and demand does not apply to housing": http://www.sfexaminer.com/nato-green-do-the-math-you-cant-bu... Here is another paper, by the founder of the Coalition of San Francisco Neighborhoods and the Council of Community Housing Organizations, which denies that supply and demand operate in the San Francisco housing market: http://www.sfhac.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/calvin-welch... You wrote: > Nobody believes or has claimed that supply and demand are "not real" and reducing the housing crisis to "Econ 101" is highly disingenuous. I responded by providing links demonstrating that there are indeed people active in SF media and politics who need an econ 101 lesson, which rebuts your assertion that "nobody" does. There are many other articles by SF activists that are similar to the links I provided. There is nothing disingenuous about "reducing" the housing crisis to econ 101 when many of the people involved clearly need an econ 101 lesson. The econ 101 meme is convenient because it is true, and because it is very obvious that many people involved in the discussion don't understand economics. > San Francisco does not want to be Hong Kong. San Francisco does not want to be Manhattan. What people actually want for their city -- that is, the desires of the people that already live there -- will always trump the demands of people who wish they could live there. The people who live there are getting what they voted for -- restrictive housing policies and rent control. The voters caused this situation. They just don't understand enough about econ 101 to realize it. If they did, they would change their minds. People want to move to SF, and bring their money and their labor power with them, and nobody can or should prevent that -- most cities would welcome that kind of investment. The city can accommodate their need for housing, or not. If the city does not accommodate the newcomers' need for housing, it is the existing residents who will suffer most, because the newcomers are generally richer than the existing residents and are better able to compete for housing. > Sure it does. People aren't living in tents (generally speaking). Population can't grow unless the housing supply does. Population can grow even if the housing supply does not, if the existing population becomes concentrated into fewer dwellings. Bay Area residents who used to have their own apartments or houses are now renting rooms and sharing apartments or houses with others. The people moving here are generally wealthier or higher paid than the existing residents, and will not be deterred from moving here until the number of high-paying job openings decreases. Regarding living in tents, there has been a noticeable increase in the homeless population in recent years. It's not clear if they were displaced from housing or came here from somewhere else, but there is no denying the increase. The quote from the developer, in the article, makes it look like she left to avoid dealing with the FBI: > "I was worried they'd ask me to do something that hurts innocent people -- and prevent me from telling people it's happening," she said in an exclusive interview with CNNMoney. This is also fairly convincing: > Lovecruft had intended to move to Germany someday, but she put those plans on overdrive. She booked a flight to Berlin that weekend, including a return flight she had no intention of taking -- just to avoid raising suspicions. It has been established that she had already been considering a move to Germany. That is not at issue here. The issue is whether or not she timed her departure to avoid contact with the FBI. If she did, the article's premise is justifiable. She bought a return ticket she did not intend to use, to throw the FBI off her trail. She would not have done that if not to avoid the FBI. Given this, and her own statements in the CNN article, the evidence that she timed her departure to avoid contact with the FBI is overwhelming. Lots of insecure butthurt and resentment in this article, and not much substance. Way to split hairs. There is a major difference, and you know it. > Tower 7 was fucking pulled. I know it. The core of engineers know it. And the fundamental laws of physics demand it. Oh, I see. You're one of those people. > If you have good test coverage and CI than it really doesn't matter that Ruby and Python don't check your types. People say this a lot, but it's not true unless you have 100% coverage, 100% control over the data that gets input into your program, and you can think of every possible test case that covers every possible situation that can occur. Many of the tests you have to write for programs in dynamic languages are simply not necessary for strongly typed languages. Furthermore, compilers for static languages catch (or warn about) a lot of problems that would otherwise have to be reproduced by the kinds of test cases nobody is likely to think of -- this results in bugs making it to production when you use dynamic languages. Java is faster than Python and Ruby for almost every use case. > (Also, Java compile times are not zero. Even waiting a minute for a large compile is enough to create a break in concentration.) I don't know how you define "large," but I work on Java projects that have several thousand classes and compile in less than a minute. Maybe you have a slow computer. > However, the metric author uses is development time, and by that metric more expressive languages will always win, hands down. Fair enough, but development time is a small factor in the life of an important project. If you want to prototype and get your minimum viable product out the door, go ahead and use dynamic languages. You'll probably end up rewriting it later, but that's a tradeoff you have to weigh. It's a viable approach taken by many startups. On the other hand, if you are working on a project that will live for years, you will be more concerned about maintainability, adaptability to changing requirements, interaction with other services, quality tooling, and runtime speed than you will about the time it takes to write the first release version. This is a big advantage of static typing that people miss -- the restrictions it puts on developers help them to learn the codebase they are working with. In the real world, where engineers contribute to existing codebases more often than they start projects from scratch, this is a pretty important benefit. How long ago was that? > You still end up getting hit with null pointers and invalid argument errors. Those are not the kinds of problems a type system is intended to solve. Those are problems of data, not of types. The amount of boilerplate in a Java program is pretty low if you aren't trying to abuse or work around the type system. It certainly is not 10x what you end up with in Ruby or Python. Java 8 has made significant improvements, but it wasn't that bad before in many cases. Instead of trying to work around Java's type safety, you should learn to use it properly. Good programmers think about types whether or not they are forced to by the language, so the restrictions imposed by Java should not be burdensome -- in general, you should already be mentally applying some of those restrictions to your code so you can avoid passing the wrong types around. Nulls are not a problem type systems are intended to solve -- they are a feature of type systems that was created on purpose. You might not like them, but that doesn't mean they constitute an oversight or omission on the part of the designers of the type system -- they wanted them there. They are useful. Many people misunderstand the option type in Java. It was created to make stream processing easier. It was not intended for general use, as in other languages. Regarding illegal arguments, they are unavoidable in any type system. Suppose you defined a function that splits a string into an array of n-grams, to which you pass the string as well as int n. If you pass an n which is greater than the length of the string, no type system will help you figure out what to do. It's just an invalid/illegal argument, and you will either have to decide what to return for that case (maybe an empty array, or even... null), or throw some kind of exception. So what? He's wrong. How would Idris provide a solution to the situation in my example? The fact that most of these replies mention esoteric langiages that have no traction in industry kind of proves my point. Your experience must be limited. That is not how Lisp works. You are just wrong. So instead of checking if a variable is null, I have to check if the variable is a Maybe type, and if it contains a value. I hope you can see how this is pretty much the same as checking if a variable is null. It takes just as much work, and has the same outcome. This makes no sense. No language can know the value of a variable at compile time, unless that variable is a constant. If the function you have defined is passed a string s and an int n, where n is greater than len(s), there is no way the compiler can know that will happen in advance. It will be a runtime error. IllegalArgumentException is also a runtime error. You have not solved anything. A compiled language cannot know what the value of a variable is at compile time, unless the variable is a constant. Therefore, there cannot possibly be a way to avoid the problem I described in my example, unless your program exists in a a closed world where there are no inputs, and the values of all variables are defined before compilation. > So, it sounds like if you can't provably account for all possible inputs, the compiler will recognise this and throw an error. How? Magic! (And a solver, feeding your type constraints into the totality checker, I guess...) That would make many practical, real-world programs noncompilable. Any program which accepts data via API calls, or even reads strings from STDIN, cannot know what values are going to be passed to it before it runs. Compilers cannot predict the future. > Your objection is like looking at a pen-and-paper proof that a program terminates and saying it is invalid because of the halting problem. That is a true statement for any program that accepts input, strictly speaking. The halting problem is unsolvable. Do you think the government should release plans and schematics for nuclear and biological weapons? Or maybe the IRS should release every tax return it has ever received? Or in a time of war, we should announce where all of our troops are going in advance? True civil disobedience is predicated on being willing to accept the legal consequences. Otherwise, acts of disobedience are not civil, but constitute rejection of the concept of rule of law. Snowden thinks the law should not apply to him. He denies it, but he has demonstrated it by his actions, particularly by the fact that he ran away into the arms of a dictator. Here is my counter-example. It is the console output of Clisp 2.49: Break 1 [2]> (declaim (ftype (function (string) t) foo)) NIL Break 1 [2]> (defun foo (x) (print x)) FOO Break 1 [2]> (foo "hello") "hello" "hello" Break 1 [2]> (foo nil) NIL NIL Break 1 [2]> There were no errors. The function accepted nil and printed it. You must have some other type restrictions going on than what you mentioned. The output is the same whether I put the declaim statement before or after defun foo. He has been a rather docile propaganda symbol for the Russian state ever since he got there. If he doesn't want to be there, he's got an odd way of showing it. If Elop had bet on Android instead of Windows Phone, Nokia would probably be doing well. What makes you think Nokia would have ended up like Samsung/Motorola/HTC rather than Xiaomi/Huawei/etc? Nokia at least had a chance to be one of the profitable ones. Hardware is the differentiator. I agree. I'm a self-taught programmer, and I think the learning curve was reduced quite a bit because I had been using Linux on the desktop for years, and I was already familiar with the shell and many of the system concepts. My new-grad coworkers have more trouble with the build systems, version control systems, deploy systems, and servers than they do with writing code. I think it would be beneficial if more CS programs had a course focused real-world tooling as it is used in the workplace. n++; // increment n I do backend software in Java. I hate web dev. ++n; // don't touch this unless you know what you are doing I find it very naive to assume that basic income will be implemented as a simple, straightforward, clean replacement of our current welfare systems. Our current, messy, complicated, unsuccessful welfare systems is the result of many powerful political, social, and moral tendencies and forces, which will reshape basic income in the same way they shaped the welfare system in the first place. There will be many attempts to give some people more income than others -- and some of those attempts will be justified. After several years, we will end up re-creating our current welfare systems, for the same reasons we created them in the first place. Society is not a clean slate upon which any policies can be successfully imposed. Unless those political, social, and moral forces change or disappear, basic income won't be very basic after the politicians, and the voters, get their hands on it. Tyler Cowen's thoughts on the matter are very perceptive: http://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2013/11/wha... It's not just the US that is like this. Every country is. Put another way: Things are the way they are for powerful reasons (which may or may not be justifiable). You can't just ignore these reasons when you create policy, otherwise those reasons will cause things to revert to the way they were before. Proponents of basic income will have to overcome many peoples' moral intuitions about who deserves help, and who should have to work for a living. If these moral intuitions remain the same, basic income won't be basic for long -- people will vote to give more money to the disabled, less money to felons, and so on. Should people receive basic income while incarcerated due to a criminal conviction? Someone will come along who suggests that members of certain racial groups should receive more money in the basic income program as a form of affirmative action, to compensate for past wrongs. Maybe people who choose to work should get more money under basic income, as an incentive for others to choose to work. Should people who inherit a lot of money have their basic income reduced? I think it's pretty clear that the first time someone makes a change of the kind I listed above, the cat will be out of the bag, and basic income won't be "basic" income anymore. Then the argument that basic income should treat everyone the same will become useless to defend against further changes. You can't really preserve the purity of a policy design when the voters want to change it. There is also the danger of everyone voting to increase their income, to the extent that the program runs out of money. I think these moral intuitions can be changed, but only through a gradual phase-in of benefits over time. Of course, that's exactly what has been happening over the past century or so, and it's what led to the welfare systems we have today. My somewhat small company does this for Debian packages, maven artifacts, etc. We use Artifactory for all of it. In San Francisco, you can park in front of your own driveway. I think Cisco is going to end up like HP. Not yet. They still have good revenue and a large share of the market, and new engineering grads still want to work there. It would be nice if an industry standard developed around Oauth for financial data. It would be far easier for data aggregators to use, and far safer for customers as well. That's not what would happen. Such a simple, elegant system would never make it through congress. It's frankly naive to believe that UBI would be implemented the way libertarians envision it. There are many reasons to believe that we would end up with UBI in addition to most of the programs we currently have. They are the same reasons we have the programs we have now, and those reasons will continue to operate in politics and society. This is the best-written take on the subject I've seen so far: http://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2013/11/wha... I would be all for UBI if I thought it was possible to implement it in a simple and effective way, but that can't happen in a democracy, especially not ours. Judging by some recent statements by Jamie Dimon and others, the banks would much rather provide this information via secure APIs than allow screen scraping to continue. Cultivating personal connections is the most important thing. Keep in touch with your former coworkers who have moved on to other companies. Many jobs are filled by referrals. I should also point out that after the 2008 crash, none of my tech worker friends were unemployed. That's anecdotal, but whatever. Tech was the first industry to bounce back, and the larger companies didn't lay many people off. Even if the tech bubble bursts, instead of slowly deflating as I expect it to, I think tech workers will still be the most recession-proof demographic around here. I used Padmapper back when it had access to Craigslist data. Now, I just use Craigslist itself. So does everyone else I know. There aren't a lot of better options, aside from cold-calling apartment management companies. Everyone lists on Craigslist. I think what happens is that every property manager and landlord lists on Craigslist, as well as a few other places. Craigslist is pretty much a superset of all apartment ads in the area. Some of these other sites copy Craigslist, and some just have duplicate postings put there by the landlords. It's also a real pain to call Scala code from Java, which makes blending Java and Scala code in a project, or adding Scala code to an existing Java project, much less attractive. Why is it sad, and why should it be prevented? If I decide to trade my privacy for something I want, I should be able to do that. How exactly would my lack of privacy weaken anyone else's privacy? Is this just a generic slippery-slope argument? What is the causal mechanism that would cause my lack of privacy to effect anyone else's? > The network effects of popular but privacy invading platforms are what allows the lack of privacy to spread. That's just a bunch of handwaving. Be specific about causality. "Network effects" is pretty much equivalent to "stuff just happens for some reason." > Someone who's not even on Facebook but just happens to know you now has a shadow profile and their biometric data indexed somewhere in Facebook's database. I don't believe that for a second. That's a wild accusation made with no evidence. It's very likely that it would be easier for her to kill herself with illegal drugs in jail than outside of jail. I believe we call it "insurance." Also, "detachment." > The downside is that they may insist on over-fitting the solution to their particular needs. They will have a strong sense of entitlement regarding this, considering how helpful they are being with their investment and their willingness to deal with pre-1.0 bugs and instability. That just means you have to choose this kind of customer carefully, because you'll have to do what they want, and you should make sure that what they want will also be wanted by other customers in the same space. Why would someone write an article like this if they didn't have an agenda? Every author has biases, whether or not they are conscious or overt. The better approach is to use your critical thinking skills and avoid ad hominem judgments about the author. I suspect that regulation will result in more censorship. For example, EU regulations regarding the "right to be forgotten" have resulted in Google being legally required to remove items from search results that Google would not have removed otherwise. > This is such a throw away line i'm not sure why you added it. If you understood it, you would not have written something so naive as "Honesty, i wish articles like this were written by people without agendas, so that real discussions would be had." > (I find it funny that every sibling comment basically says i shouldn't have done that, and says "you should discuss the thing, not the biases", which is a fair point. Meanwhile, you are saying we should discuss the biases). They are just pointing out your hypocrisy. > This is pretty ridiculous. I don't expect people having an opinion on child sex trafficking and talking about biases those article authors have to disclose whether they were abused as children, and are thus biased etc. That's not analogous. This is not about pre-emptive disclosure of bias. It is about disclosing the author's bias without disclosing your own, which constitutes dishonestly representing yourself as an uninterested party while maligning the author for pushing an agenda. It's unfair at best, and intentionally deceptive at worst. An analogous situation would be like this: someone reads an article about child sex trafficking and criticizes it because of the author's bias, without mentioning their own relevant bias. What you did is analogous: you criticized an author for having an anti-Google bias, without mentioning that you work at Google. > Long term, we now have control of our future. Not really. Your future is just as bound up with the future of Europe as it was before. The only real difference is that instead of negotiating with the EU as a member, you will have to negotiate as an outsider who has considerably less leverage, and who has recently pissed everyone off. And when you negotiate with non-EU countries, it will be even worse for you. As a member of the EU, you had international clout and represented the world's largest free-trade market. Now all you have to offer is your own domestic market. You overestimate your importance in the world economy if you think you can now get trade deals with non-EU countries that are as good as the deals you could have got as a member of the EU. It's also been interesting to watch the Leave campaigners rapidly begin backtracking on their promises to reduce immigration. You simply can't afford to reduce immigration at this point -- it would shrink your economy. Immigration is a response to the demand for workers, and if that demand goes unfilled because of restrictive immigration policies, all of you will suffer. So, don't expect the government to impose significant reduction in immigration. Immigration will only decrease when your demand for workers decreases. As a non-EU country, I suppose you will avoid the "html link tax" and some other bureaucratic EU regulations you don't like, but in the areas that really matter for your future, e.g. the economy, you will be worse off. In the area that energized many leave voters, immigration, you cannot realistically expect much to change, and whatever changes will happen in the future because of decreased demand for workers probably would have happened anyway. > I hope you realise that you're currently being ruled by people you didn't elect Everyone in the EU is ruled by their own elected government. The unelected bureaucrats in Brussels don't rule anybody. Their ability to make decisions for member states is limited by treaties. In any case, the UK was significantly more independent than other EU states in terms of currency and economic issues. > people in the pocket of big business, who have set out to concentrate power in the hands of a small selected group Ah, conspiracy theories. If the European Parliament were able to propose legislation, you would have a lot more of the kinds of laws and regulations you don't like about the EU. The Lisbon treaty was approved by the democratically elected governments of the EU member states, who represent their people. What's wrong with that? How can you possibly construe it as a non-democratic imposition by the commission? Chicken and pork sashimi are not difficult to find in Japan. Furthermore, if the owners weren't compensated, many of them would continue to drive these cars rather than sell them at a loss. The outcome would be worse for everyone who breathes air, not just the VW owners. I studied Japanese history in a grad program for a while, and every professor I met agreed that bushido is a modern construct. There are plenty of academic articles about it, but you probably won't find many of them without access to JSTOR. The use of the word in its modern sense is a modern development. It was used before, but to signify different things. In other words, while the samurai had concepts about the warrior ethos, which they may have called bushido (among other things), the concepts they understood and wrote about were different from the concept of bushido espoused by Nitobe Inazo, who was criticized for being ahistorical by his Japanese contemporaries. Hagakure was written during the Edo period (1600-1868), during which time there were very few battles fought, and samurai were mainly bureaucrats and government functionaries living on fixed pensions. The book is an attempt to maintain warrior culture in the face of the reality that samurai no longer had any occasion to fight. The quality of our roads is quite low compared to those in Europe. If a state or national government in another first-world country had decided to build a high-speed rail system in 2008, when California did, they would have made significant progress by now -- they might even be operational on part of the line, or even all of it. When the richest country in the world can't get this kind of infrastructure project off the ground, it's a sign of serious dysfunction. There are way too many interest groups that are able to block development of infrastructure and housing projects in this country. The road builders there know how to paint straight lines and place the reflectors on the lines, unlike ours, who seem to have been drunk on the job. I've also noticed a trend in which people who have not travelled internationally are far more opposed to public transit than people who have. A lot of America's deficiencies in infrastructure and public services can be attributed to the fact that many Americans don't know how much better those things can be. Why would there only be one, perfectly symmetrical, counterparty? It can be even cheaper than that. If you buy VOO, the ETF equivalent of VFINX (Vanguard's ETFs hold the same portfolio as their corresponding funds), the expense ratio will be only 0.05%. If you buy this ETF through Vanguard, you will not pay any commissions. It's very close to being free, and definitely the cheapest way to invest in the S&P 500. Buy her a copy of David Swensen's book for individual investors, "Unconventional Success." Anyone who still believes in market timing after reading that just can't be helped. This trust could be hacked, and it is probably a much larger target than any individual investor's bitcoin wallet. I think the risk of this trust having all of its bitcoin stolen, leaving the investors completely screwed, is pretty high. That doesn't mean much for the security of the trust's bitcoin wallets. The SEC has zero expertise in that area. What assurances do the investors have that they will not get screwed if some hackers steal all of the trust's bitcoins? It wouldn't matter. Even if you had legal recourse, the trust wouldn't have any money to pay you with. You don't generally need to see a judge unless you want to challenge the ticket. Most tickets in California can be paid online or by mail. It differs by county. > things revert to normal when you stop paying Not if you do it right. If your goal is to destroy an industry in another country, you can stop dumping after that industry has been destroyed. Then, the people of that country will have no choice but to buy from you, because there is nobody left in that country that produces the goods you produce. Because many philosophers of science reject Popper's views as unrepresentative of the way science is done by real people in the real world. The Wikipedia page for falsifiability enumerates some of these criticisms. Because falsifiability is not part of how most science is done. Most scientists design experiments to verify hypotheses, not to falsify/refute them. The relationship between Karl Popper's idealized scientific method, and science as it is actually practiced, is rather tenuous. Many people who study the scientific method reject Popper's views, although many of the commenters here seem to think that Popper had the final word on the subject. The reality is that science is done by people, and human culture and prejudice, including ego and groupthink, are common in science. This is why some scientists don't like to consider submissions of articles that fail to replicate previous experiments. It's a problem for peer review more broadly. > design a test to disprove the hypothesis That's not what scientists normally do. Popper argued that they should do it, not that they actually do it. Many experiments are designed to verify hypotheses, not to falsify them. This is the No True Scotsman fallacy, and a rather obvious example of it. It's amazing how many people here think that philosophy of science ended with Karl Popper. Another very harmful and insidious consequence of tariffs: by preserving non-competitive industries that would not survive in a free market, tariffs delay, and worsen, the inevitable collapse of those industries. By hiding behind tariffs, we delay the replacement of non-competitive industries with competitive ones. When we finally drop the tariffs and start developing competitive industries, other countries will have had a head start in doing so. Our companies and workers will be behind their global competitors by years. The countries which declined protectionism and developed competitive industries when it first made sense to do so will reap the rewards. Someone might point out that we could avoid this situation by simply keeping the tariffs around forever. But that never happens. Eventually, the tariffs will become unpopular because people will know that outside of this country, the same goods cost significantly less. That gap is likely to increase over time. The Oak Tree Capital article uses a hypothetical example of cell phones being kept at a $150 price in the domestic market by tariffs, when they are available at $100 in the international market. After a few years, they will still be $150 here, but maybe down to $80 in the international market. A few years later, they may cost only $50 internationally. They won't become much cheaper in the domestic market because manufacturers will have no incentive to lower prices, because they are protected by the tariff. Furthermore, if the domestic manufacturers were capable of competing on price, the tariff never would have been necessary in the first place. At some point, the tariff will be too politically unpopular to be sustained. It's worth noting that one of the contributing factors to the collapse of communism in Europe in the late 1980s and early 1990s was the obvious and increasing divergence in quality of life between the communist and capitalist countries, and that protectionism and anti-trade policies in the communist countries, along with attempts at central planning, accounts for much of that. They had a good run, but they could not hide from economic reality forever when their neighbors obviously had it so much better. That's why tariffs can't survive indefinitely. It doesn't slot in to economic reality. It is simply an unrealistic proposal, for several reasons: 1. A guaranteed basic income to every citizen, which would be enough for a person to live on without a job, would cost more than the entire annual income of the Federal government. Even if it didn't, people would simply vote to increase their incomes until it did. 2. It would be regressive: under most of the basic income plans that have been proposed, people who are currently on welfare would get less money from the government than they do now. On the other hand, middle class people who don't need extra money will get it. Basic income would represent a transfer of income from the poorest to everyone else. 3. It would not replace existing welfare systems. People like to think that it would, but political realities would prevent that from happening. When has the Congress ever passed a simple, elegant piece of legislation that undid layers of bureaucracy, and then prevented it from being changed? It's simply unrealistic to assume that could happen in our political system. 4. Political, ideological, and moral forces in our culture and society have caused us to have our current welfare systems, and those same forces would cause us to revert to those systems even if basic income were implemented. Some examples of these forces are the social constructions of race and class, views about who deserves money and who does not, and the moral value of work. Basic income is a blank-slate social engineering fantasy that ignores all of these things. 5. Basic income is likely to be a race to the bottom. You cannot redistribute wealth that does not exist. By decreasing incentives for work, basic income will reduce the amount of wealth created, which will reduce the amount of money that can be distributed to people as their basic income. 6. If steps are taken to incentivize work to avoid the problem in #5, e.g. increasing the basic income payments to people who have jobs to incentivize other people to get jobs, basic income won't be "basic" anymore. Such incentives would open the door to many other proposals that would result in some people getting more basic income money than others. Many of these proposals will be popular, such as extra money for single mothers, less money for convicted felons and drug users, etc. The forces I mentioned in point 4 would thereby reconstruct our current welfare systems within the framework of the basic income policy. > So what? Those trade agreements were made under the assumption that they'd be good for America. Now that we know they're bad for America, the assumptions under which they were made are invalid. How do you know that? They have certainly hurt some Americans, but have resulted in lower consumer prices and a higher standard of living for almost everyone. This is covered in the article as a tradeoff of trade policy. The article makes the point that even if the rich don't leave, or avoid their taxes in some other way, high taxes on the rich disincentivize creating wealth. That's likely to have a drag on the entire economy. People may not like the fact that much of our material, technological, and medical progress over the past century has been a result of people trying to get rich, but it's still a fact. If getting rich becomes less attractive due to high taxes, fewer people will try. Everyone will suffer if the economy slows, and the non-rich will suffer more than the rich will. You could try reading the YC article, which says, "I’ve been intrigued by the idea for a while, and although there’s been a lot of discussion, there’s fairly little data about how it would work." It's clearly an experiment to get real data about basic income, which has not been done before. Even if basic income is not viable, having data will be useful. No, it's simply that a threshold exists at which people will move, and it hasn't been reached yet. Like most of the problems discussed in the economic reality article, this is a tradeoff -- people have clearly decided that they are willing to put up with higher taxes to live in New York instead of New Jersey. But surely you can see that there is a point at which it won't be worth it for many people. I'm not sure why you've been downvoted. This is generally true, and it's a point made several times in the article -- if policies aimed at taking money from the rich end up damaging the economy, the poor will suffer more than the rich once it all shakes out. It only takes a few one-percenters moving away from a state to drain tens, or even hundreds, of millions of dollars from the state's tax revenue. I think this was mentioned in the article: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/01/business/one-top-taxpayer-... My main problem with literate programming is that it is difficult enough to keep short comments up to date vis-a-vis the code they describe. Longer comments would be even worse. I also suppose the modern equivalent of this, in many use cases, is a Jupyter notebook. FDIC insurance, the Federal Reserve, a whole bunch of other banking-specific laws... Kondo isn't a minimalist in the sense that you seem to think. She helps people whose homes are overflowing with stuff they don't even like. If you like your tools, and they fit your lifestyle, and they fit in your home without spilling out of closets and shelves, then you've achieved what she advocates. Try fitting more than that into an average Japanese apartment, and you'll find out why. You aren't being coerced, so it isn't duress. You want to interview? Sign an NDA. Otherwise, Amazon is under no obligation whatsoever to offer you an interview. Nothing is being taken from you, because you are not entitled to receive a job interview. The problem was not that the variable was abbreviated. The problem was that the abbreviated variable was so similar to another abbreviated variable that was used for a similar purpose. The appeal of the south bay is cheaper housing than the peninsula and the city, but also far less crime than the east bay (and less traffic, but not anymore). Also, most of the established tech companies are here: Google, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft, Intel, AMD, Nvidia, Netflix, Cisco, etc. The tech scene is not just about startups. These established companies employ a lot of engineers, and they aren't going anywhere. At some point in many engineers' careers, the startup scene becomes a bit less appealing. This isn't just because of work-life balance or ageism -- it's because most startups only need a few senior-level employees. The majority of startup employees are young because startups need people to do entry-level work, and young people are willing to. If you want to do truly interesting, challenging, senior-level programming work, you are far more likely to find it at a large company than at a startup. That's not to say that there isn't plenty of boring work at large companies, because there is a ton of it, but rather that large companies have more open positions for senior-level engineers doing interesting work than startups do. Their benefits are also quite good, which matters more when you have a family. Most of these large companies are in the south bay, and if you are going to work at one of those companies, you might as well live nearby and save yourself the aggravation of a long commute, whether it be by car, train, or Google bus. I know plenty of people who live in SF, and frankly some of them end up going out in San Francisco less often than I do. Most of their weeknights consist of going home, eating dinner, and watching TV or reading a book, just like most people. The big difference is that they pay over $3k for their apartments, and I pay half that. If you're going to have a conventional, boring home life 5 days a week, you might as well save some money. I can go to San Francisco whenever I feel like it. The Santa Cruz mountains are less than half an hour away. Apartment rent and house prices are a lot lower in San Jose than in SF. The average is probably skewed by certain areas. I pay less than $2000 for a decent one-bedroom with reserved parking and onsite laundry, in a low-crime area, a few blocks from a train station. Try finding that in SF. I use IntelliJ for that. It parses the JSON and adds code folding automatically. I've used it with fairly large files. My point was that the abbreviation is not a problem per se. If there was not another variable with a similar name, it would not have mattered at all. This is an issue of names being similar. No matter how long a variable name is, if another variable name in the same namespace is superficially similar, this kind of thing can happen. On the other hand, if there are no other variables with similar names, then you can abbreviate all you want and your chance of collisions will not increase. You seem to assume that there is a fixed-size pool of engineers in India, and that they never change jobs. Engineers can be created through training. Some of them will be just as good as any of the ones who already work at prestigious companies. I work at a startup that uses a lot of open-source software. I would be willing to bet that fewer than 25% of my colleagues know who RMS is. > The issues with IoT devices being bricked, Tesla 'ownership', and so on really do need scrutiny from a functional body with a hint of the public's interest at heart. Oh great, another bureaucracy. Why should manufacturers be forced to make their products repairable by users? Why don't they have the right to make a non-repairable product, and let the market decide whether or not it succeeds? If people really want repairable products, some company will be able to make money by selling them. The market is an excellent way to track consumer preferences -- far better than a bureaucracy telling companies how to make their products. Programmers have to make decisions about those things all the time. It isn't like the product team defines every nitty-gritty detail of implementation -- especially for machine learning and AI algorithms. You're wrong. Programmers cannot escape making decisions when they design these algorithms, no matter the situation they are designed for. The choice of those training sets, including their contents, their size, how they are consumed, and the algorithms they are fed to, affects the output. Therefore, programmers make decisions. It is unavoidable. How exactly did you derive this from my argument? I see no logical connection. Actually, some of them are programmers. Even if they weren't, it is unrealistic to assume that programmers have no input into the decisions that go into building the training set, which in this case involves where, and in what conditions, the prototype cars are driven. It is certainly not a logical conclusion of my argument that all bureaucracies that interfere with the market ought to be abolished, or that the market should be free in all cases. My point was that in this particular case , the market would be a better way to solve the problem than a bureaucracy. Therefore, advocating the existence of some bureaucracies and not others does not contradict my argument, nor is it inconsistent with my argument. Of course market dynamics are a valid argument! They matter very much, because changes in the market affect peoples' quality of life. Policies that distort the market in a way that adversely affects peoples' quality of life should not be implemented without very good reasons. Even policies that are not expected to introduce such distortions often do, so it's good to be cautious about any proposals which could have unintended economic consequences. Copyright and patent protection are not one-sided. Consumers benefit from them, because copyrights and patents incentivize the creation of things which would not have been created otherwise. Many lifesaving medicines never would have been invented if pharmaceutical companies would not have been able to protect them via patents and get rich. Similarly, much of the music, movies, books, etc. that consumers enjoy never would have been created if their authors and publishers were not able to protect them via copyright, and thereby get rich. A lot of medical, technological, and cultural progress has been made by people trying to get rich. Patents and copyrights are ingenious because they channel peoples' desire to get rich into outcomes that are overall beneficial to society. The benefits compensate for the market restrictions they accompany, and overall, patents and copyrights have made society better off than it would have been otherwise. Finally, what responsibilities do you think companies shirking? A responsibility to make products repairable by the consumers? No such responsibility exists. Nor do you have the right to demand that a company design its products to include a feature you like, such as repairability. If you think such responsibilities or rights exist, prove it. If you think they don't exist, but should be created, prove that the benefit they will bring to society will compensate for the market distortions they will produce (which will be quite significant if you think through all of the extra development, support, and liability costs that manufacturers will have to endure). Because if consumers wanted repairable devices, companies would make them. To not do so would be to ignore an opportunity to sell products and make money. So, if people really want repairable devices, they would exist. The fact that they do not exist in large numbers indicates that consumers don't really want them very much. If consumers don't want them, why should companies be forced to manufacture them? Requiring and enforcing repairability in products would therefore cause the government to take action to promote the personal preferences of a small number of consumers. That does not seem justifiable. What right has not been protected? You do not have a right to require manufacturers to create repairable items. If you think such a right exists, prove it. That's what this "right" to repair really is -- it is forcing manufacturers to make things that they don't currently make, and that most people don't want to buy. (If people wanted to buy them, someone would already be selling them and making money on that segment of the market.) In effect, this would be the government taking action to promote the personal preferences of a small number of consumers. (If the number of consumers who wanted repairable products was not small, manufacturers would already be making such products by choice, and government action would not be necessary.) When the government starts forcing manufacturers to make things that people don't want to buy, something has gone pretty wrong. > If you are actually arguing that any government policy that requires companies to modify their products in a way that they weren't already doing is bad, you have created a very difficult position for yourself to defend. I don't know why you interpret my argument that way. It's not a blanket statement against government regulation of products, and none of what I wrote can logically necessitate or lead to that position. Government regulations can be good or bad, and it is entirely logical to oppose some and not others. My argument is that the government should not regulate products on the basis of made-up "rights" that are really proxies for personal preference, e.g. "I like to be able to repair products I buy, therefore the government should force companies to make their products easy for me to repair, because so few consumers share my preference that the companies won't do it on their own volition." Why shouldn't manufacturers have the right to include tamper-resistant features and DRM if they want to? If you don't like those features, don't buy the products. If enough people share your preferences in this matter, companies will start tailoring products to those preferences. If too few people share those preferences for the companies to change their products, how is that anything other than the free market at work? You are not entitled to exactly the products you want, no matter what the market for those products is like. > You're simultaneously wed to copyright because it's here, and arguing against a "right" to repair because it is not. So you're just repeating rationalizations for the current status quo. Oh, so you're a mind reader who can figure out my motivations? By the way, those are arguments, not rationalizations. They are pretty good, too. > For the third time now - copyright and patents presume to create a type of creative product wherein it is not the manufacture of the product that is really being sold to the consumer, but the design of it. A person buys a cell phone not for the plastic and doped silicon it is made of, but ostensibly for the abstract structure of the way that they are arranged. So what? Nothing in this logically necessitates any conclusions about repairability of products. > Since the person is buying an instance of a design, it stands to reason that they should have the ability to service the physical manifestation and otherwise directly interact with that design. How exactly does your previous statement logically necessitate this? Show your work. Otherwise, it is a handwavy "stands to reason," "it's just obvious" kind of assertion. > It's not surprising that companies want to have their cake and eat it too - implementing only the half of an abstraction that takes away a consumer's rights while ignoring the second half and leaving them subject to law-of-the-jungle. What rights are being taken away? In your first sentence, you argued that a right to repair is not "here." How then can it then be violated or taken away by companies? How can anyone violate a non-existent right? All rights are manmade. Rights are social constructs. I'm not looking for stone tablets anywhere. But simply saying that a right exists does not make it so. If that is all it takes, please excuse me for a moment while I go declare, and then exercise, my right to rob a bank. Like any social construct, a right exists when it is broadly accepted as a fact and is operational within society. It helps if you make it a law, too. Don't provide truisms about why the market is not always correct. That doesn't prove anything. You need to prove that this particular circumstance, of repairability in products, is one of the times when the market is not correct. On the contrary, a company's right to encumber products with repair-resistant features is not a imaginary or asserted right -- it is protected by laws which have been passed for that purpose, such as the DMCA in the case of DRM, which have been challenged and upheld in court. So this is really about an imaginary right to repair versus an actual, legal, broadly recognized right to encumber. Ownership is not all-encompassing. For example, it would be illegal for me to make and sell copies of the books I own. It would also be illegal for me to drive over the speed limit in the car I own. If I owned a gun, I couldn't just shoot anyone I wanted. What makes you certain that the right to repair something is a built-in feature of ownership, when ownership clearly does not confer all possible rights? Ownership is clearly not what you think it is. You are very good at missing the point. Those examples demonstrate that ownership does not automatically give one the right to do whatever they want with the things they own. Therefore, one cannot assume that any right, including one to repair the things you own, is in the category of rights automatically granted by ownership. After all, not even making copies is in that category. Why would repair be? What is happening here is that people are claiming that the right to repair already exists, and is being violated by companies. If they think it should exist, that's what they should have argued. But that isn't what they wrote. They wrote that the right does exist. Almost everyone in this thread used that language. That's what I'm arguing against. I'm not saying that market outcomes are good or bad in general -- they are just there, as the pre-existing default position that may or may not demand a regulatory response. Any action taken should be on the basis that the default position is suboptimal in some way, and that regulation will make a positive difference. Otherwise, it is best to leave things as they are by default, especially when you consider the expense and unintended side effects that accompany regulation. It seems to me that the only problem with the market outcome in this particular discussion is that some people aren't happy that the products being produced do not have a certain feature they like, namely repairability. This is clearly not the personal preference of most consumers, because if it was, companies would produce products to appeal to that preference. So clearly we are dealing with a small number of consumers who want this feature. That's not a strong case to change the outcome. > In a universe with no copyright, arguments about its benefits would fall flat. They must not have, because we once lived in a universe without it, and now we don't. How do you suppose that happened? Similarly, when the US patent system was created, arguments very similar to mine were presented in its defense, even though patents did not already exist. They worked. The arguments in favor of the status quo predate the status quo, and were convincing in a world without the status quo. That's because they are good arguments. > Coming up with new concepts is obviously intuitive work - I've laid out what I see as a simple deeper abstraction behind copyright, which you've done nothing but ignore along with every other argument. Intuition is not a valid or convincing argument. It does not deserve to be considered. Rent control is so bad that almost all economists are opposed to it, and they rarely agree so strongly about other topics. A lot of people on minimum wage are students and minors living with their parents, who don't have their own apartment leases. Many minimum wage workers are already in subsidized or rent-controlled housing. Plus, most of the wage increases are going to be phased in, because everyone knows that raising the minimum wage to $15 all at once would be too great a change. It's also worth pointing out that only about 4-5% of the workforce earns the minimum wage nationwide. So I don't think the relationship between minimum wage increases and rent increases is very easy to quantify. Furthermore, most of the predictions about negative consequences of minimum wage increases have failed to materialize. The explanation for this is one of the things that economists have no consensus on, and their disagreement has actually increased over time. In any case, I find it very unlikely that a minimum-wage earner could afford to buy a house, even at the $15 level. Pattern matching is just as explicit as an if loop. In languages that implement it for null values, it is just as explicit as typing "if (foo == null)" in an imperative language. You have to think about it, and type just as much code to deal with it, as you would in a language without pattern matching. The only upside to pattern matching that I can see is that you are forced by the compiler to match all possible inputs and check for nulls in some languages, which can help you avoid null pointer exceptions and such. But you haven't encapsulated anything, or saved yourself any thinking or typing, by using pattern matching. You've basically turned every function into a switch statement. It's vastly overrated. It's similar to what is happening in San Francisco, but San Francisco has more displacement. You can't prevent people living in the city or commuting there, but people resist accommodating them. Tech workers want to live in SF, but housing growth won't keep up. The tech workers usually make more money than the current residents, and simply outbid them for housing, thereby causing market rate rent prices to increase dramatically. This is what people who protest luxury housing projects in SF are missing: the tech workers are going to live in the city no matter what. If you build luxury housing, they will take it. If you don't build luxury housing, tech workers will take the market-rate housing from the people who can't afford anything better. In some cases, they convert the market-rate housing to luxury housing, sometimes by combining units or getting rid of in-law units, which reduces the housing stock. Of course, rent control in SF is not means-tested, so it's basically a lottery -- there are people making very high incomes living in rent-controlled apartments, and very poor people who have to live together and pay the market rate. It's an indefensible system, even if you otherwise are OK with rent control. Protesting the Google buses is another example of shortsightedness. Who would rather have thousands of additional cars on the roads instead of a handful of buses? These people are going to get to work somehow, and they won't all fit on Caltrain and Muni. Why would they have to do that? They would just have to keep the data in a country that won't be part this new legal framework. As the article says, these plans were announced after Microsoft won a court case to prevent the US government from searching Microsoft's servers located overseas. The government's solution to this is to honor foreign warrants to search US servers, so that foreign governments will reciprocally honor US warrants to search foreign servers. This will enable the US government to get data from Microsoft's servers if they are located in any country which is part of this agreement. So, just find a country that isn't part of this agreement, and is not likely to become part of it, and keep the data there. Amazon could open a few AWS datacenters in such countries and make a lot of money. Near slave labor exists in SE Asia because the national governments in that part of the world are willing to tolerate it. There are plenty of countries with free trade agreements that don't have poor working conditions. Near slavery is not a necessary consequence of trade deals -- it is a consequence of bad government. It existed long before free trade agreements. Similarly, resource exploitation occurs in countries whose governments are willing to allow their resources to be exploited. It happened hundreds of years before any free trade agreements were signed, and it will continue to happen until those governments change their practices. What makes you think there would need to be any secrecy involved in offshoring data? That's a useless blanket statement. There are many places where it makes sense to buy a home even if you can't max out your 401k -- places where your mortgage payments are a bit cheaper than your rent would be. You wouldn't be able to max out your 401k either way, so you might as well take the cheaper housing option, which is ownership, and put a little more into your 401k than you could otherwise. Exhibit A: Silicon Valley. (The actual geographical Santa Clara valley, which does not include San Francisco in any traditional sense of the term.) People who bought houses here for $100-200k in the 1980s can sell them for more than $1 million today. One country using military force to coerce another country into trading with them does not constitute a free trade agreement. Free trade agreements are consensual. I think the NoSQL trend is something similar to what is going on with programming language trends (in industry, not in academia). Many commonly used languages were strictly typed and static, such as C, C++, and Java. Then, dynamically typed languages became popular because they are easy to use, although they give up a lot of the safety and static analysis capability of the older languages. Let's call that the second phase, and it is exemplified by Ruby and Python. Now, newer languages with type inference are coming out that combine the safety of the older languages with the ease of use of the dynamic languages -- Scala, Go, etc. Let's call that the third phase. In the database world, we are still in the second phase, which is exemplified by databases such as Mongo, which have started from scratch and thrown out many of the good ideas embodied in older databases. I suppose that the new JSON capabilities of Postgres are an attempt to move database design into the third phase, which combines the ease of use of NoSQL with the many superior qualities of traditional relational databases. You could even use Redis for this. You really need a cache or key-value store, not a database. Mongo's partitioning/distribution/replication does not work as well as it should. In particular, my team has seen several serious bugs pertaining to replication in release versions that were so bad, they should have blocked the release. I think automated testing is more about integration and regression than code correctness. If you have a web app that connects to a Java backend, for example, static typing won't prevent issues. You need to test the API calls and the UI, and make sure the right requests are made, and the expected outcomes occur. This was done manually by QA people in the past, but it's obviously more scalable to automate it. You are confused. Exercise of incentive stock options (ISOs) is not a taxable event, although you may get hit with the AMT. Exercise of non-qualified options (NSOs) is a taxable event. For both types of options, the sale of the stocks at a later time is taxable. Being able to afford a house has nothing to do with what a market-rate salary is. Your market-rate salary is the salary the market is willing to pay for your labor. Nothing more, and nothing less. It has nothing to do with the kind of lifestyle the salary will enable you to have, or the things you will be able to afford. > Why do people keep going there? Because the Bay Area has the best job market in the world for software engineers, by a huge margin. It is home to the headquarters of most of the major tech companies people can name, and contains major satellite campuses for major out-of-state tech companies such as Microsoft and Amazon. The scale of the tech industry here is simply unparalleled anywhere else. Besides, you can pick 1, not 0. Rent, and home prices, in downtown San Jose are lower than they are in the surrounding suburbs such as Cupertino, Sunnyvale, and Santa Clara. It's the reverse of the situation near San Francisco. Jobs. Tons of them, in many areas of software and hardware engineering. Plus, the network effects cannot be underestimated -- opportunities for career networking, meetups, conferences, etc. are enormous. After a few years here, you will have former coworkers at other tech companies who can help you advance in your career. If you lose your job, or your company fails, you won't have to move to find another job -- there will be plenty of other companies to work for. Taking a job at a startup is therefore not a huge risk. Buying a home here, and thereby tying yourself down to this area, is unlikely to hold you back in your career, as it might elsewhere -- you will probably never need to move in order to achieve advancement in your field. There is also the presence of venture capital. The VC world is very Silicon Valley-centric, although that might be changing. If you want funding, you'll have to come here for it. If you want to take advantage of your investors' professional networks to find other investors and build your team, you'll have to hire people who live here and don't want to leave. As a result of these network effects, many of the world's best software engineers choose to live here, and companies want to be here to hire them. There is now a saying in the startup world that you can start your company anywhere, but Silicon Valley is the best place to grow it, because the pool of engineering talent here is larger than it is anywhere else. Plus, this is a very nice place to live, if you can afford it. Despite some of the exaggerations many people are making in this thread, I know quite a few people who have purchased homes and condos in the past few years, including someone who bought one this week on a salary well under $200k -- without any help from his parents or anyone else. I think the highest price any of them paid was about $700k, which is well under some of the numbers people are quoting here. It's doable for a single person who has a high income, and it is easily doable for married couples who work in tech or are successful in other fields. The main barrier to ownership is the down payment, not the mortgage payments. Renting is also not as bad as people say it is, unless you live in downtown San Francisco. I pay less than $2k per month for a decent apartment in a very good location near a train station and major freeways, and I could spend less if I wanted to. My commute is quite pleasant. My rent probably sounds high to people from other cities, but on an average software engineer's salary, it is not burdensome in any way. > Why they are motivated to pay to live in the Bay Area is a mystery to me. Owning a McMansion isn't everything. The Bay Area has more to offer in terms of job opportunities, career advancement, culture, and general quality of life than most metropolitan areas in America. Besides, successful engineers are doing just fine here, and many have no problem affording to buy houses. Those are very big advantages. Asking why software engineers would want to live in the Bay Area is like asking why investment bankers would want to live in New York City or London. There is just such a critical mass of activity and connections that one would miss out on anywhere else. It's more about moving people from the countryside, who have never lived in cities, into cities. It is not so much about moving people from some cities to other cities. Incidentally, this is the largest and most successful anti-poverty program ever implemented. People whose families have lived in terrible generational poverty, in the same village for thousands of years, in some cases since before the invention of writing, are now able to buy iPhones. And in those cities, your housing is a smaller percentage of your disposable income than it is in Silicon Valley, but everything else, e.g. cars, phones, laptops, furniture, food, is a larger percentage. You also neglect stock purchase plans and RSUs, which are the majority of many engineers' compensation. You could make $160k per year at Apple or Google and get $200k of stock every year as well. They were not free before in any meaningful sense, because they lacked agency in every decision about their lives. Poverty trapped them in the same place, in the same occupation, for their entire lives. Despite what you see as the drawbacks of modern life, the people who have moved to the cities are far, far better off, and freer, than before. I'm with you on this one. I actively avoid applying to companies that advertise their "culture" as a perk of working there. I want to work in a workplace, not a daycare center for underdeveloped young men. And I certainly don't want to go on company retreats where everyone wears the same T-shirt. Unfortunately, the people of Turkey were going to be screwed no matter how the coup went. If it had succeeded, they would have got a military dictatorship. Now they get a different kind of dictatorship instead. Erdogan was slowly evolving into a dictator before the coup, and now he's accelerating that process. I wonder if the best outcome for democracy in Turkey would have been a attempted coup which resulted in Erdogan's death before it failed. I don't know of any Turkish politicians who would have been able to build a dictatorship as successfully as Erdogan. Read the code, then. The docs are for people who want to get stuff up and running. The code itself is what you should read when you want to understand how anything really works. I think much of Reddit's problems with its userbase boil down to an early failure to manage expectations. It's pretty clear that the Reddit corporation doesn't want Reddit to be an anything-goes, absolute free speech zone with no moderation or anti-harassment policies -- but that's what the site actually was for many years. Now, when the company cracks down, users think their freedoms are being curtailed. The mistake was ever allowing that kind of freedom in the first place, because people developed an expectation that it would persist. Compounding that problem, the fact that the site was unregulated for so long caused it to attract the kind of people who need to be regulated the most. In other words, it's no surprise that the most tolerant communities attract people who are difficult to tolerate. I suspect Twitter is having similar issues dealing with harassment, after letting it happen for so long. If there is a lesson in this, it is that online communities which plan to implement anti-harassment policies ought to do so from the beginning, and develop the expectation among the users that such policies exist, and will continue to exist. Don't just tack them on after several years, and don't enforce them inconsistently and arbitrarily as Reddit has done. It will be difficult for Condé Nast to get its money's worth out of Reddit now. I doubt it will ever shake its negative reputation. YouTube comments are what really does it for me. I think so. Actions toward others have a much larger societal impact than privately held beliefs. For example, if someone has racist beliefs which do not affect his actions in any way, his effect on other people in society would be exactly the same as it would be if he did not have racist beliefs. In other words, beliefs that are not acted on or expressed have no effect on society. There may be some social benefit to knowing who the racists are. But if they are anonymous, that benefit is probably lost. Their speech is protected by the first amendment either way, but Reddit is not required to enforce the constitution, so they can shut down the accounts if they want to. It's a good way to cover your ass if you need to kick people out of the community later. They can't credibly accuse you of making up ad-hoc rules if your code of conduct has existed the entire time. > I can't imagine a situation where someone has beliefs that do not affect his actions in any way. That was an extreme example used to illustrate the point I was making. Racism is also only an example; there are plenty of other beliefs that are bad for society. Personally, I suspect that sexism is probably far more prevalent on Reddit than racism, for example. Social stigma can prevent one's beliefs from affecting one's actions, or at least reduce the effect of those beliefs on one's actions. If it is shameful to be perceived as a racist, racists will attempt to hide their racism by not acting in racist ways toward others, at least when other people are looking. This does not obviate the effects of unconscious biases or eliminate racism, but the net result for society is fewer overtly racist actions, and that's a good thing. If racism becomes acceptable again, racists will feel freer to act on their beliefs, which will make life worse for the targets of their racism. So, there is a case to be made that if people repress their beliefs only partially, society is better off -- not as much better off as if certain people repressed their beliefs fully, but still better off. The danger of allowing racism to flourish in online communities, especially ones as large as Reddit and Twitter, is that it re-normalizes racism and makes it seem acceptable to be a racist. It can be more than merely acceptable -- it can even be a contrarian badge of pride, justified as a rebellion against political correctness. (That kind of justification for it is reinforced when anti-harassment policies are not uniformly and consistently enforced, because it can make moderation appear to be arbitrary or politically motivated.) When that kind of thing happens, it makes society worse. How do you know those people did not leave voluntarily? Do you work there? Lots of people are racist. That is a sufficient explanation. However, I very strongly suspect that no matter what the level of racism on Facebook is, it would be far higher if people were able to post anonymously. Nor do they have a consistent and rational policy to do it, which is why things aren't going very well. You do not have a contract with your bank that stipulates these things. > The issue is that ethereum isn't the only option here - standard legal contracts exist, and are by far more common. The only real advantage ethereum offers is the immutability aspect - that no one can go back and argue the contract is wrong or invalid. A court would not see it that way. Contract law would apply to these contracts if the parties to the contract sued each other. The legal system applies to all contracts, whether on Ethereum or not. Ethereum does not get to exist in its own reality outside of the law. Therefore, the immutability of an Ethereum contract won't matter very much, because a judge can still invalidate part of it, or all of it, if it contains unconscionable provisions, lack of disclosure, agreement to commit criminal acts, fraud or misrepresentation, simple mistakes, or any one of the many other reasons contracts can be rendered legally unenforceable. So, I don't see how immutability offers any advantage over standard legal contracts. It won't prevent the courts from determining that a contract is wrong or invalid. That's not how it works. If two parties in an Ethereum contract sue each other, real judges will get involved, and they will treat Ethereum contracts the same as any other contracts. They won't give a crap about what the Ethereum protocol says about the transaction. Ethereum contracts do not get to exist outside of the legal system. Courts have jurisdiction over all contracts, period. Ethereum cannot guarantee anything about enforcement costs if the real-life courts get involved. They have jurisdiction, and will definitely end up being involved if two parties to an Ethereum contract sue each other in real life. Ethereum does not exist in some kind of alternate reality outside of the legal system and contract law. > In other words, it is perfectly plausible from a legal point of view that a judge could find that the primary intent of the parties was to be governed by the rules of the system in which they chose to execute the agreement, e.g., Ethereum under its pre-fork consensus rules. A judge might therefore plausibly rule in a way that enhances rather than degrades the promise of immutability oven by a technically enforced consensus system. Yeah, that could happen. A judge could also invalidate an Ethereum contract. But if a judge makes a ruling on an Ethereum contract, no matter what that ruling might be, that would prove that Ethereum contracts are subject to the jurisdiction of a judge in the legal system, just like other contracts, which proves my point. The problem with this is that if a judge determines an Ethereum contract is unenforceable, but the blockchain does not change, then the blockchain no longer represents the state of affairs in the real world. If that happens, what is the blockchain good for? How can anyone be confident in it, or base decisions or future contracts on it, if it diverges from reality in such a way? Bitcoin wallets have been confiscated before, in multiple countries. In the Silk Road case, hundreds of thousands of bitcoins were confiscated from multiple accounts: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silk_Road_(marketplace)#Arrest... This May, the Australian government confiscated 24,518 bitcoins from someone who sold drugs online: http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-36412487 Last August, the Italian government confiscated 11,000 bitcoin wallets, which contained more than 1 million Euros worth of bitcoins: https://cointelegraph.com/news/police-confiscate-11000-bitco... So, the judges were able to do something about it. So much for immutability. You can't escape the legal system just because you don't let people change the blockchain ledger. You need to read this long list of sources which prove that Bitcoin is not anonymous: http://www.bitcoinisnotanonymous.com/ The fact that an argument has been mentioned before has nothing at all to do with whether or not it is a good argument. Dell and HP would have sidelined Intel in a heartbeat if they could have made more money by switching to AMD. Judging by many of the comments I see here, especially in threads about products that do target power users, power users are so difficult to please that targeting them is probably a waste of time and money. I haven't edited a Windows registry for a decade at least. It's just not a problem anymore. I suppose if you develop Windows native apps, you might have to deal with it. Between Bash, Powershell (which is awesome ), and Cygwin/MinGW, you can get access to most of the Unix commands and tools you are used to. I highly recommend learning Powershell, which is really nice. Instead of forcing Windows to be like Unix, it's better to learn to live with Powershell for a while, and then bring in the Unix utilities if you really need them. If you give Powershell a chance, you may find that you don't want to use Bash anymore. The main hurdle to development on Windows is application support, not command line tools. For example, there is no official Redis build for Windows. Installing Python and Ruby can be a little bit difficult on Windows compared to other platforms. But lots of other languages, including Java, are perfectly functional. I don't believe that for a second. There are many successful companies that only target only one or two of those market segments. Besides, Apple's products have traditionally attracted consumers and prosumers before professionals, e.g. the Mac, the iPod, the iPhone... You've got the cycle wrong anyway. From Rogers' Diffusion of Innovations , it is traditionally: Innovators, Early Adopters, Early Majority, Late Majority, Laggards. These are categories of people who have varying enthusiasm about trying new technology. They are not segmented into professionals and non-professionals. The first category includes all kinds of people, including consumers who want the latest and greatest iPhone for media consumption and playing Pokemon. Yeah, and then some of this stuff: https://docs.python.org/2/using/windows.html Even if it does quit, there are so many large, established tech companies here that prices will remain high anyway. Actually, most of the people I know who have bought houses in the past few years work for such companies: Cisco, Apple, Google, etc. Their employee stock plans are so generous that startup stock options are not very attractive. How would he get that cash? If he has to sell stocks, his capital gains taxes would probably cost him a lot more money than the interest on a mortgage, or on a pledge asset line of credit with his investments as collateral. If you have to sell stocks to pay cash for a home, a mortgage could cost you less money overall. As long as there are a lot of people with enough money to afford homes at the market-rate price, the market will remain sustainable. You may make 4X the median income, but there is no shortage of people who make a whole lot more than that. I see no reason to believe that will change anytime soon. They still count, because they buy homes here. They are consumers in the market, and they make the market sustainable. This is the problem. It's very unlikely that regulation will improve the matter. If executive pay really is an outcome of market supply and demand, regulation will act as a price ceiling, which will reduce the quality and quantity of executives available. In addition to the well known fact that price ceilings create shortages, these executives don't need to work for a living. Mayer was already set for life before joining Yahoo. Why would they work for less money than they currently ask for, especially if they really are worth it according to market demand? If executive pay is an outcome of nepotism and corruption, and people on boards helping out their buddies, then they will simply continue to do so. If pay is capped, they will find another way to reward their friends. This cannot be prevented through regulation. It can only be stopped when the shareholders decide that they've had enough of it and appoint board members who behave differently. Frankly, Yahoo had a lot of dead weight that should have been cut years before she got there. It was a dying company for a reason. There are reasons to believe that there are people who have a genetic characteristic that enables them to get by on that little sleep. This is a link to the study referenced in the parent post's BBC article: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2884988/ Furthermore, human genetic variation being what it is, there is no reason to dismiss "better genetics" in general. There are many genetic differences that make people better or worse than others at performing certain tasks. Some are obvious, some less so. But its certainly plausible that they exist, and dismissing them as part of an "echo chamber" is unjustified. Mainly because her potential male opponents stabbed each other in the back until they were no longer viable. If companies operated like that, people would not invest in them. Why would you invest in a company that does not put your share growth as a priority, when others will? Besides, the shareholders own the company. Why shouldn't a company prioritize those who own it? The shareholders take on risk by providing capital to the company, and they deserve to be compensated for that risk. That's only insane if you assume the success of the business is the goal, rather than the success of the shareholders. You're missing the point. The author used that example to demonstrate that just using FP languages is not enough to ensure good code, because it is possible to write bad code in FP languages. Therefore, FP programming languages are not going to guarantee you good code by themselves. They will only get you good code if you use them to write good code. By the way, the author never said "FP sucks," and that's a very uncharitable and unreasonable interpretation of the argument. From the article: > My view is that although FP makes it easier to write good code, just because something’s functional, or even “purely functional”, doesn’t necessarily mean it’s any good. Stated differently, as software engineers trying to improve our craft, we shouldn’t latch onto or defend something just because it’s “functional” or “purely functional”. Although it’s possible to write good code using techniques from functional programming, it’s also possible to write bad code. FP doesn’t protect us. We need a different measure for “good code” than just “functional”. You may think that "FP guarantees good code" is a strawman argument, but it isn't. A quick search of this site will turn up people who make that very argument. It's useful to have a realistic corrective to the pseudo-religious fervor of some FP proponents, and this article provides that. > Nobody is arguing that FP code is automatically good by virtue of being written in an FP-oriented language. People do say that, so it's not a strawman. > I do agree with the author that FP, good as it is, is not enough. That's not an argument against FP, it's an argument in favor of devising even better tools, practices and the theoretical underpinnings for building correct software. The article was not an argument against FP. Why do you think it is? It is simply an argument against a certain justification for using FP, namely that it guarantees good code. Well then, it's a good thing that the author of the article did not simply dismiss it, but rather engaged with it and provided examples and argumentation. > Find me a credible FP proponent that would disagree with that point? What distinguishes a credible FP proponent from a non-credible one? This is getting close to the territory of the no true scotsman fallacy. If someone makes the argument, it's not a strawman. It doesn't matter if you consider them credible or not. The author of the article responded to a real argument made by real people. > Who says this? No-one who is a serious practitioner of FP (as opposed to someone who just reads about it in blogs) will tell you that FP automatically guarantees good code. No true scotsman fallacy. You are still missing the point. The author argues that using FP does not guarantee good code. All that is necessary to prove that is to demonstrate bad FP code, which he has done. Only a single example is required to disprove a universal assertion. > It’s like saying, “hey, high-level languages don‘t even save you from segfaults! Just look at my purposely crafted low-level code in a high-level (but not dead, so it has low-level interface) language that access memory at 0.“ If someone argued that high level languages save you from segfaults, your statement would be a valid argument against that, just as the article has provided a valid argument against a particular belief about FP. You wrote: > Find me a credible FP proponent that would disagree with that point? By including the word "credible," you are pre-emptively excluding some FP proponents as not being "true" FP proponents. So you've already committed yourself to applying the fallacy to evidence that anyone might present to you. Look how long Yahoo stuck around. These companies have massive inertia. It's still a fallacy. Being on the internet doesn't change that. > I hope it stands to reason that it doesn't matter what people who've never used FP claim about FP. That doesn't matter. An argument is not a strawman if it has been made by anyone, anywhere, anytime, for any reason. You can't just filter out the people you think don't count. An argument is only a strawman if it is a false argument, e.g. one that has been invented by the person who is arguing against it. If you want to have a discussion about the merits of FP, feel free to filter out whoever you like. But you said the argument mentioned in the article is a strawman, and it isn't. For a long time, Federal student loans had an interest rate of 6.8%. That's high enough that it is probably a good idea to defer investing until you can pay them off. Some private loans have rates above 9%. The alternative, which is much easier now due to some of the fintech startups like Sofi and Commonbond, is to refinance to a lower rate. The downside is that your loans become private, so you lose various Federal loan protections such as hardship deferrals, income-based repayment plans, etc. If you have a low income relative to your monthly payments, you should probably keep the Federal loans. But if your monthly payments are easily affordable, and you have decent savings in case you lose your job, refinancing is a no-brainer. You can get as low as 3%, which is low enough that paying the minimums and investing your extra disposable income is better than paying off the loans faster. It's commonly assumed in humanities disciplines that if you don't get a tenure-track job within a few years of graduation, you probably never will. It's also common for advisers to tell their students not to adjunct under any circumstances, because it makes you "damaged goods" on the job market. A lot of professors advise their students to take non-academic jobs and keep applying to tenure-track positions, rather than take adjunct jobs. Many older professors who have tenure, and who have great influence in their departments, entered academia when it was the case that "there are always jobs for good people." That's their worldview, and it's just not true anymore. But because they think that way, when they see a candidate who has been looking for a job for several years, they assume that candidate is not one of the good ones. It seems to me that the sciences are different, because postdoc positions seem to be a normal part of one's career progression after a PhD. But in the humanities, that's not the case. Same here. Leaving grad school was the best decision I ever made. The year I left, there were only 2 or 3 positions in my field in the entire United States, and one of them went unfilled because the university didn't like any of the candidates. I never understood why Go conflates where something is (its Github url) with what something is (a specific version of a specific bit of code, what Maven calls an "artifact," and what lots of other solutions call a "package," or "module," or "gem", which has a version and never changes). This creates a lot of problems that simply don't need to be there: 1. Versioning dependencies is pretty much impossible unless you make your own copy of them, and keep them updated. Good dependency management solutions do not require you to "vendor" your dependencies. They enable reproducible builds by keeping every version of an artifact around. 2. Github could change its URL schema, and most Go projects would stop compiling. 3. The maintainer could delete the Github repo. 4. Source control, specifically Github, is tightly coupled with dependency management, and that should not be necessary. These are not unsolved problems. Maven solved every single one of these problems years ago. I don't expect people to use Maven to build Go applications, but clearly there is an opportunity to use Maven's good ideas and build a better dependency management system for Go. I have to say, in defense of Maven, that it is very robust: artifacts are mirrored in many places, including in your own local repo; versioning works well, including availability of older versions; and nobody can screw you by deleting package or changing its Github url. My company uses Maven for Node.js as well as Java, because we've had so many problems with NPM. I should also point out that the expectation that the core Go team should develop a dependency management system is a bit odd. The dependency management systems for Java, Ruby, Python, Node.js, and Perl were all developed by the community, not the core team. Some of them were later absorbed by the core team, but the point still stands. I think another reason they didn't consider proper versioning is that only a few of the Go core developers have a background in languages with a good dependency management ecosystem. C and C++ have never really had that, and Python never really has either, despite what fans of it seem to think. I think the bottom line is that the Go team simply doesn't know how good the ecosystem is in a lot of newer languages. I see this reflected in other decisions in Go as well, such as the absurd amount of boilerplate needed to manage some of the Goroutines, and the way string are handled. > I think I realized this subconsciously before I was conscious of it. This is grad school in a nutshell, in a lot of fields. I've seen three common responses to this cognitive dissonance: 1. Deny the brutal reality of the job market. 2. "But I couldn't ever be happy doing anything else!" 3. Leave. One of the strangest things about my grad school experience was watching very intelligent people spend years of their lives, and sometimes borrowing money they could never pay back, to pursue a degree even though deep down, they understood that it was a really bad idea. The rationalizations they came up with were pretty transparent to anyone who wasn't also in the grad school bubble. I suppose I sound harsh, but when people ask me if they should go to grad school in the field I did, my answer is always "not unless you are already independently wealthy and never need to work again." Many universities did have forced retirement policies for professors above a certain age. I don't think those policies are common anymore. I'm not sure how much they would help anyway. A few more jobs would open up, but not nearly enough. It would be a drop in the bucket. The bottom line is that there are way too many graduates for the size of the academic job market, and even if the number of newly minted PhDs dropped by half, there would still be too many. In some fields, the number of new PhDs could drop nearly to zero before it made sense to get one. Dialectical materialism is a Marxist view of history, which is generally what people mean when they use the word "dialectic" in this context. These may be useful: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_materialism https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dialectical_materialism > The 'dialectical' approach to communism has meant slowly discarding almost everything which makes an economy communist. The dialectical approach is the traditional approach, invented by Marx and added to by Engels and others, which they used to explain pretty much everything. It's not something invented by Deng Xaioping. It is in fact the essence of Marx's philosophy. In a nutshell, the dialectic is an explanation for the evolution of society that looks at the systems by which society produces what it needs, i.e. "modes of production," and how contradictions in these modes of production are resolved through the creation of new modes. Hegel used the dialectical framework to describe the evolution of ideas, but Marx turned it upside down and argued that ideas were a consequence of the material conditions of life, the basis of which is the mode of production. The classic example of Marx's dialectical thinking is his analysis in The Communist Manifesto that capitalism "produced its own gravediggers," the industrial proletariat. The proletariat would overthrow capitalism, but existed because of capitalism. The contradictions in the capitalist system caused the creation of an entire class of people which would eventually overthrow it and create a socialist society, and then a communist society. In other words, communism could never exist without capitalism having existed first, because the social class which would create communism would not have existed unless capitalism had created it. Marx, followed by others including Lenin and Stalin, insisted that the full development of the productive forces was a necessary precursor to communism. He elaborated on this in the Critique of the Gotha Program , in which he advocated a different distribution of resources than in a full communist society -- some people would get more than others, according to their contribution to society rather than their need. At a later time, the productive forces would be developed to the point that they could provide enough wealth to distribute to everyone according to need, regardless of their contribution to society. (It's not unlike the arguments of some basic income proponents -- automation (productive forces) has created a society in which there is enough wealth to spread around to everyone, regardless of whether or not they have jobs.) Similarly, the Soviet Union initially instructed the Chinese Communist Party to cooperate with the KMT in the 1920s, because they believed that full development of productive forces, under a capitalist regime, was a necessary precursor to communism. Not helpful, or merely good to have, but necessary according to Marx's dialectical philosophy. The reason Marxism and Maoism are distinguished from each other is that Mao rejected that view, which was originally formulated by Marx, and advocated that communism be built by rural peasants rather than the industrial proletariat. Deng's ideology was closer to orthodox Marxism than Mao's was, in many ways. Deng argued that Mao tried to move too fast and skip the stages of social evolution that were necessary preconditions for communism, namely a thriving capitalist economy. If you want to redistribute wealth, you have to create it first. Deng argued that a market economy was the best way to do that, and that some people would get rich, but that's acceptable because it could be sorted out later when the productive forces were sufficient to support a true communist distribution of wealth. This is very similar to the views Marx expressed in Gotha , but more accepting of private property -- as long as it remains useful. Maybe Deng was disingenuous and tried to sneak capitalism in through the back door, or maybe he really did believe what he said. But you can't dismiss his views as being non-Marxist ipso facto, because they are clearly derived from Marx's theory of history and expressed via Marxist concepts. I'm not sure Marx would have agreed that capitalism was good, but rather that it was necessary for society to pass through a capitalist phase in order to get to the really good part, communism. The sad thing is, most people who graduated high school in countries other than the United States know this stuff. Considering the impact these ideas have had on the world, they are worth learning about. I had to explain this stuff to a lot of students when I was in academia, except the foreign students. > I thought that what Historical Materialism held about the necessity of capitalism as a precursor to communism was that in concentrating property and the means of production in the hands of the bourgeoisie, it oppressed the proletariat, giving them an incentive to revolt if they ever developed class consciousness, and caused conflict between different bourgeois groups (e.g. governments), causing capitalism to be completely unstable and necessarily bringing about its demise. That's the most important part of capitalism's role in the dialectical framework, but the theory of productive forces is also very important. Communists were not oblivious to the fact that capitalism is by far the most powerful engine of wealth creation and technological innovation in history. They recognized that fairly early on, which is why Marx believed that it was important to have a transitional stage between pure capitalism and pure communism, which he outlined in Gotha . I believe he discussed industrial automation as a way to free the majority of people from work. When Lenin needed to rebuild the Soviet economy after WWI, he turned to capitalism as the right tool for the job, and openly referred to it as capitalism. I think Deng's approach was fairly well in line with Marxist orthodoxy in terms of the necessity of the development of productive forces, but he was more permissive of private ownership of capital and property than Marx would have been. Marx advocated a society with socialized ownership and management of the economy during this period, but Deng embraced a market economy instead. Both Marx and Deng believed that during this period, people would be rewarded proportionally to their contribution, not their need. Deng's famous cat quote was an attempt to reconcile his use of the market with Marx's theory, by asserting that it didn't really matter by which method one developed the productive forces, as long as the method was effective. After all, it's only a transitional stage, and it's over when the productive forces can generate the wealth and goods necessary to support communism, so if a market economy gets you there fastest, why not use it? It's difficult to know how long Marx thought that would take, but I suspect he had a faster time scale in mind than Deng had. > When I first started using the phone I noticed the Today scope showed temperatures in the weather forecast in Fahrenheit rather than Celsius. This can be adjusted by changing our selected language in the device's settings panel and restarting the phone . Really? You have to restart to change the temperature units? What a joke. No, it isn't. I just did it on my iPhone 6S, and it did not require a restart. Well, sort of. It makes sense to bundle language and display features, such as date and temperature formats, into a single locale. That's what other Unixy operating systems do. However, a locale is a display formatting issue. If the entire system needs to be restarted after a locale change, that's a sign that display issues are too tightly coupled to stuff going on in non-display code, perhaps in kernel space, and that should not be the case. I don't know much about prebuilt end-to-end authentication libraries, but I would use bcrypt for hashing passwords. I've seen conflicting opinions about whether scrypt is better than bcrypt, but I haven't seen strong enough arguments to convince me to switch. > The guy digging proverbial ditches does indeed deserve more How do you know? Do you have some kind of special formula to determine what people deserve to be paid? Otherwise, it's just subjective. Wayfair does, in Boston. In a similar vein, there is evidence that laws which forbid employers from asking about applicants' criminal records on job applications significantly increase hiring discrimination toward blacks: http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2795795 This happens because many employers assume blacks have a criminal record, and asking the question tends to exonerate those who do not, rather than penalize those who do. The default assumption means that things can't get worse if the question is asked, but they can get better. This law only banned asking the question, not running a background check. But employers don't even get that far, because they presumably do not want to pay for a background check on an applicant they assume has a criminal record. Of course, this law was intended to have the opposite of its actual effect. Ok, then what does a ditch digger deserve to be paid? The answer is a number. This is the paragraph immediately following the sentence you quoted: > The impact on everyone else, though, is surprisingly positive. Giovanni Peri, an economist at the University of California, Davis, has written a series of influential papers comparing the labor markets in states with high immigration levels to those with low ones. He concluded that undocumented workers do not compete with skilled laborers — instead, they complement them. Economies, as Adam Smith argued in “Wealth of Nations,” work best when workers become specialized and divide up tasks among themselves. Pedro Chan’s ability to take care of routine tasks on a work site allows carpenters and electricians to focus on what they do best. In states with more undocumented immigrants, Peri said, skilled workers made more money and worked more hours; the economy’s productivity grew. From 1990 to 2007, undocumented workers increased legal workers’ pay in complementary jobs by up to 10 percent. Don't make it look one-sided. Besides, you didn't tell me what you think a ditch digger should earn, which is what I asked. But that's fine, because you can't tell me, because you don't know. In fact, nobody knows. It is an unanswerable question. Much like determining what someone's "fair share" of taxes or benefits is, or their fair standard of living, it is impossible to determine the income they "deserve." There is no absolute standard for any of these things. The only way to know if someone is being fairly compensated is to compare their income to some kind of absolute standard -- but such a standard does not exist. In the case of unskilled American workers, maybe their incomes are 0.4-7.4% lower than they would have been in the absence of immigrants. But that by itself does not tell us anything about fairness. Perhaps they were overpaid before the immigrants showed up -- after all, there were other people willing to do the job for less money, so what did the American workers have to offer that justified a higher salary for doing the same work? Again, in the absence of an absolute standard of what their income ought to be, it is impossible to know if they are fairly paid, underpaid, or overpaid. Poverty is relative. What we call poverty is a lot more comfortable, and safer, than the conditions the immigrants came from. We haven't eliminated poverty in this country because we keep moving the goalposts. If she had shot herself, or her child, or one of her neighbors, while she was in an unstable mental state, people would be outraged that the police had not done anything to prevent it. It's also intolerable in a society with the rule of law that someone could opt out of being subject to the law by waving a gun around and refusing to comply with a lawful order from the police. If that worked, everyone would do it. It would be impossible to enforce the law. If she didn't have a child with her, maybe they could have waited her out. They had already been there for quite a while before they decided to act. But to suggest that they just walk away and come back later is absurd. > Is people getting served really more important than people's lives If the person being arrested is a danger to others, there is no distinction. This was not about a subpoena being served. This was an arrest warrant. > So your argument is that it's okay that we've made it worse for the people who already had it the hardest because the rest of the more wealthy people in the country benefitted from it? Where did I write that? I included the excerpt from the article to demonstrate your intellectual dishonesty in selectively quoting a single sentence from an article that is positive about the effects of immigration. I did not make any moral judgments anywhere in my comment. Quite the contrary -- I argued that a moral judgment in this situation was not possible to make. What legal framework have I dismissed which determines what someone deserves to earn, aside from the minimum wage? We are debating the same thing. I'm arguing that your assertions have no basis. If you don't know what is fair, you cannot know if someone is treated fairly or not. You have no basis for your claim that some people are paid less than they deserve to be paid, unless you know what they deserve to be paid, and can demonstrate that what they are actually paid is a lower number than what they deserve to be paid. That's not a vague argument. It is very clear. It's also not existentialist, and if you think it is, you don't know what existentialism is. I never advocated a policy. Why do you think I did? You are reading a lot into my comments that isn't there. When the police shoot someone who shoots at them, or threatens the lives of others, it is not reasonable to classify that as an execution. > I'm not sure how cutting back social services points to a liberal and progressive government at all. If anything it points to a more conservative one. Most progressives simply call themselves that but, like the Clintons, their actions are the exact opposite. That depends on which services are being cut, and why. If policies do not achieve liberal goals, even if those policies were initiated by liberals at some point in the past, it makes sense for today's liberal politicians to modify or eliminate those policies. For example, if a welfare program is keeping people in poverty indefinitely, it doesn't work. A liberal or progressive would want a program that lifts people out of poverty. That was Bill Clinton's argument for welfare reform. You're missing the point. The fact that they could achieve this so quickly is the impressive part. That doesn't mean this isn't impressive. What's your point? I think that's an entirely realistic possibility. China plans to launch a satellite named QUESS to perform quantum encryption and communication experiments later this month. They also have some other quantum computing projects that seem to be going well. I didn't say that fairness does not exist, or that there are not standards for fairness for some things. I said there is no standard for determining the fairness of what someone is paid. There are plenty of areas of life where fairness can be determined. He didn't say it wasn't valuable. He said it might not be more valuable than 5 years' experience, presumably because technologies change so quickly in web programming. I don't agree with that, but he certainly wasn't being ageist. That makes sense. If all you need is someone with a few years' experience, the younger candidates are probably going to be willing to work longer hours, for less money, than the older candidates. In other words, why pay a 20+ year veteran a lot of money to do Rails programming when a recent college grad knows enough to do a decent job, and can be paid an entry-level salary? Not every engineer on a team needs to be senior. I suspect this is also good career advice: if you don't want to compete with entry-level programmers for jobs, specialize in an area where more experience makes you a more desirable job candidate. Scala has type inference with strong static typing, and a useful REPL. A Crystal REPL should be doable, unless Crystal's creators made some bad choices in the design of the type system that Scala's creators did not. Those were not invented by Sublime. Lots of older editors have those things, including TextMate and even GNU Emacs and XEmacs. XEmacs had a package manager since the early 1990s. What Sublime has going for it versus these other editors is ease of use and a much better looking UI. But VS Code has that too, and it's free. He said something stupid, people didn't like it, and he apologized for it. Where is the bullshit in this situation? There are legitimate historical reasons for assuming the first person who appears in records is a man, but the reason he gave was just dumb: "I’m figuring a he, because writing was a new thing, and males are usually the early adopters." It's easy to modify key bindings to emulate popular editors. For example, Emacs key bindings are trivial to emulate. But Vim/Vi don't just have keybindings; they have modes. Emulating editor modes is a significant undertaking. It's not just a change to the settings file -- it requires a lot of programming work. I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for Microsoft to emulate Vim modes in VS Code. A plugin is your best bet. VS Code does not claim to be an IDE. I think it was called Project Astoria. Missing "fluff" is not the problem. The problem is this: When the next killer app comes out, whatever it is, you may want to use it -- but it is very unlikely to be available on Windows Phone. All of the fixes people normally think of have already been operational for these people. They live in the richest country in the world -- a country with free and compulsory public education, and a social safety net that is better than most people think (not as good as Europe's, but a lot better than nothing). And yet, these people have nothing to offer to anyone -- no job skills of any kind, in many cases. We can't bring the manufacturing jobs back for these people, either. Let's dispel the notion that the collapse of manufacturing jobs in the rust belt, where many of these people live, was the result of political choices. It was inevitable -- the rise of China, southeast Asia, and Latin American countries has revealed the truth that US manufacturing was not globally competitive, but merely sheltered. NAFTA sent some jobs to Mexico, but in the absence of NAFTA, those jobs would have gone to Asia instead. If the US government had decided to protect US manufacturing jobs at all costs, we would have quickly learned what "all costs" means -- the cost of protecting those jobs would have risen quickly over the years until we could not have afforded it anymore. The tariffs required to do so would have been an enormous drag on the economy, and on the well-being of most Americans, and therefore unsustainable economically and politically. So the political choices involved in the collapse of manufacturing jobs could at best have delayed the inevitable. So, whatever we can do for these people is by degrees -- improve the free public education they already have, improve the welfare benefits they already have, maybe cut their taxes, if they earn enough to pay taxes. We can't bring the jobs back, and it's naive of them to believe candidates who promise that they can. But maybe we shouldn't feel sorry for these people, who grew up in the richest country in the world, with free education, and have nothing to offer to anyone. A lot has been done for them already, and unlike almost any other group in this country, they cannot point to any injustices visited upon them as an excuse for their current state of affairs. Let's keep in mind that they were never enslaved, and that they were sheltered from competition from non-whites and foreigners for decades. They have managed to fail in a country designed to promote the success of white people, often at the expense of other groups. Their lives are significantly better, more comfortable, and more secure than those of people in many countries of the world. Billions of people live in poverty these poor white Americans could never imagine. These Americans have housing, enough to eat, clothes to wear, cars, TVs, video game consoles, government-provided health care (Medicaid) and welfare payments in many cases -- all the trappings of middle-class life in many parts of the world. What else do we owe them? Self-actualization? Frankly, I'd rather give my money to some of the billions of people in the world who live in ramshackle houses with dirt floors, no electricity, no education, and no way out. These white Americans have enough that I don't see how they are entitled to any more unless they earn it themselves. > I think you'd be surprised to find that many Americans have no realistic way to know where to earn something themselves. 2 Hrs from NYC can be just as cut off from opportunity as 2000 miles. They have TV, and the internet. It's not like they are cut off from civilization, with no knowledge of life outside of their immediate surroundings. They know that places like NYC are where the rich people live, and where the jobs are. They just can't do those jobs. I'm sure we would be better off if all of these people were successful and productive, but it's unrealistic to assume that would happen, for the reasons I've enumerated in my comment. The bottom line is that they have had many advantages, and they have failed in a country that was designed to help white people succeed. Every country has people like this. Look at England. People tend to assume that if someone is poor, they must be a victim of injustice, and that opportunities need to be created for them. That is sometimes true, but not always. This is one of those cases where it isn't. What solutions do you propose that could turn these people into successful, productive, happy members of society? Your article does not explain why the infant mortality rate is so high there. I suspect that the behavior of people in that community, which the article states includes high rates of violence, including violence against children, is the primary cause of infant and non-infant mortality. You could build a world-class hospital in the middle of that community, and give away health care for free, and that community would still have high rates of mortality. > I don't know if you've looked at how much gov't assistance is paying out, but it's not enough to live on. Clearly it is, because these people don't have jobs and are able to afford housing, cars, TVs, Playstations, etc. How else are they paying for these things? Do you think they stole them? Clearly, the money they receive from the government is enough to live on. Maybe not enough to live comfortably, but enough. No, it's actually being replaced mainly by foreign competition. In the case of jobs that cannot be outsourced, like agricultural jobs (you can't harvest American crops without being in America), illegal immigrants have been doing that work for a very, very long time -- way before the manufacturing jobs started disappearing for white people. Many startups may be worth "pretend" money, but many are worth real money. And even the ones that are worth "pretend" money create jobs, not just for engineers. > And I wish our culture stopped glamorizing startups for being worth a lot of pretend money, and instead valued them on how much they did to advance us as an equitable society. It is not the job of businesses to pursue social engineering goals like an equitable society. That is the job of government, and government needs money to do those things, which can come from taxing successful businesses. People who suggest that businesses ought to pursue social goals don't fully understand what would happen if they got what they wished for -- a world where social goods and services are privatized -- provided by unaccountable private companies instead of elected governments. For example, consider the state of public transit in Silicon Valley. There isn't much of it, and what there is sucks. So companies have started paying for their own bus routes, which are only open to their own employees. Taken together, those bus routes would comprise a very comprehensive public transit solution. But the general public can't use them. This is what happens when companies do the government's job. Consider also the backlash against Bill Gates' education initiatives in Seattle: http://www.prwatch.org/news/2016/04/13085/charitable-plutocr... Besides, if we rely on corporations for social progress, they could easily promote right-wing policies, which is the opposite of what you seem to want. It's really much better when businesses stay out of politics entirely and maximize their wealth creation, and the government redistributes that wealth to the extent necessary to accomplish its social goals. This is a good point. Increases in productivity mean we can manufacture more goods per worker, which means we need fewer workers. If increased productivity is a worker's enemy, that worker really doesn't have much to offer. There is plenty of data, in the article you linked, demonstrating that the behavior and priorities of these people are indeed misguided and violent. That's not what I suspect, that's what I know, and there is no shortage of data to back this up. The thing I suspect is that the violence these people visit on themselves contributes more to their situation than lack of access to government services. I didn't say that more government services wouldn't help at all. By the way, the Baltimore Sun article you cited is not about poor white people. It is about poor urban blacks in West Baltimore. That's not really relevant to this discussion, because blacks have faced enslavement and discrimination for centuries in this country. Discrimination against blacks, especially in hiring practices, has helped the poor white people we are talking about. Having to now compete against non-whites for jobs is a significant component of the poor white anger in this country, although many don't want to admit that. It's totally relevant, because it demonstrates that there are people in the world more worthy of help than poor Americans. Not every company has that filter. Many don't care if their employees went to college at all. I don't believe that. Do you have any data to back that up? There is a major difference between poor white people and poor non-white people in America. The poor non-whites have been discriminated against. That discrimination hurt them, and it helped the whites who did not have to compete against them for jobs and government resources. I didn't say anything remotely like that. > Not often. Actually, almost everyone in America has TV and internet access, including the very poorest. You're way off. First of all, I said that these people already get plenty of help, and are not entitled to even more help. Second, I did not say that "everyone else on Earth" was deserving of help. I said that some people are, because they are poorer than the Americans we are talking about. Third, I did not say that our country should give money to anyone. I said that I would prefer to give my money to the poorest people in the world, and they are not Americans. Fourth, I never said that anyone was evil. I did not even imply it. I suspect you are intentionally making an uncharitable interpretation of my words, because no reasonable person would interpret them in such a twisted way. > the "white privilege" narrative that you rely on here IS actually a way of declaring a group of people as being morally unworthy. No, it isn't. It is simply a recognition that some people are treated better than others because of their race. It says nothing about the legitimacy of a group's interests, and it certainly has nothing to do with the concepts of evil or sin. Most of the companies which target specific schools do so only for new grads. Once you have a decent résumé in the industry, it doesn't really matter where you went to school, or even if you did. States have a lot of control over education funding, which is far more determinative of the quality of their education systems than the guidelines the federal government imposes. Every state has to deal with the same federal guidelines, but some have far better education systems than others -- due to funding. Want to see education improved? Have the Feds take over funding, and give each school the same amount of money. The quality of schools in poor neighborhoods would increase dramatically, and the quality of schools in rich neighborhoods would decrease. Maybe then, the rich would be convinced to support increased educational funding. In other countries, people don't think about the quality of the local school district when they buy a home, because the districts are all similar in quality. Again, a matter of funding. You don't need to work for the big players to get a good resume. I know plenty of people who are in very high demand who have never worked for any of the big companies. UBI won't help because in reality, it will not look like what it's proponents think it will. It is naive to assume that the Congress will pass anything near as simple and elegant as the UBI proposals put forward by advocates. It won't replace many parts of our current welfare system, but will be an additional cost on top of them. It's also naive to expect that everyone will receive the same amount under UBI, which would make it neither universal nor basic. UBI proponents really ought to read this: http://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2013/11/wha... It's also a fact that under every realistic* version of UBI ever proposed, the poorest people in the US would receive less money from the government than they do now, while people who do not need money from the government would start to receive it. It is therefore a regressive policy. * by realistic, I mean "does not have an annual cost greater than the entire US government revenue." The self-documenting nature of statically typed programs is something that critics often miss. Making a contribution to an existing codebase is far easier when it is statically typed. You can very easily understand what you ought to do, because the constraints of the type system help you figure out exactly what things are, what arguments you can pass to a method, how the other programmers used the types, etc. In contrast, contributing to an existing codebase in PHP or Rails is much harder. Nothing will stop you from sending the wrong arguments to a method, or adding members to classes that should not be modified, or even simply refactoring and forgetting to change all of the usages of the types and methods you modified. There are statically-typed languages with REPLs, e.g. Scala, C#, F#, and the upcoming Java 9, so REPLs are not an advantage of dynamic languages. There are even REPLs for C++. Many people's impressions of static languages are based on Java from 10 years ago. It's really quite different now. Not a lot of it. Before the 6th century AD, things get very murky, and belong more to the discipline of archaeology than to history. Aside from some nutty right-wingers, the Japanese are not under any illusions about this. The problem with replacing constitutional monarchs is that they know their place, but the heads of state who would replace them might not. After all, they are likely to be elected, and could therefore have a viable claim to legitimacy in the exercise of their prerogatives. The Japanese emperor has no political power, and really doesn't cost the country that much to keep around. Remember that in parliamentary systems, the head of state and the head of government (the prime minister) are not the same person. In some countries, like Germany and Italy, the head of state is an elected president, usually an fairly elderly politician. The emperor of Japan would have to be replaced as head of state by someone holding some new office, who would do pretty much the same things the emperor does now, at a similar cost to the taxpayer. It wouldn't be the prime minister. There is a similar aspect to the debate around House of Lords reform in the UK. A lot of people in the House of Commons don't want an elected House of Lords, because if it were elected, the Lords would have democratic legitimacy just as the Commons does, and could therefore make a reasonable case that it should have a lot more political power than it has now. So, beware of unintended consequences. It is very long. It gets a little bit murky in the 1300s because there were rival claimants to the throne, but they were all related to each other. It's very likely that the dynasty has been in the same family since the 6th century. Some historians think some of the early emperors might have been unrelated to their predecessors, but even those emperors reigned during or before the 6th century. The throne was not always passed from father to son, but sometimes among close relatives, which means that an emperors lack of children was not a problem for the continuation of the dynasty. Furthermore, emperors have been figureheads for most of Japanese history, so there was no significant benefit to usurping the throne as there was in Europe. People who wanted to control the country wanted to be the emperor's advisers, and later the shogun. On the other hand, consider the example of France. The fourth republic had a symbolic president, and the fifth republic has a very powerful president, because DeGaulle demanded executive power as a condition of assuming the presidency during the Algerian crisis of the late 1950s. That's why the fourth republic ended and the fifth republic began -- DeGaulle had a new constitution written. The situation in Japan is pretty stable. Why mess with success? And if the emperor has no power, why does it matter if the position is hereditary? Not publicly, and she never would. If she took sides in political arguments, she would undermine the justifications for the existence of the monarchy. This whole thing is a result of imperial household laws passed in the late 19th century, to imitate similar laws in Europe. Before then, many emperors retired before they died, and there were several woman emperors. Judging by the results of the last election, the Queen is probably more popular in Australia than any of the party leaders. But I suspect that Australia, and many other commonwealth countries, will vote to become republics after Prince Charles becomes king. It may be a terrible symbol, but it seems like people get over it, if they even care very much. Constitutional monarchies, such as the Nordic countries, are among the most egalitarian countries in the world. Japan is egalitarian, both in terms of how the Japanese view their society, and how the wealth is distributed -- they are very close to European countries in that respect, and far more egalitarian than the US. Do you honestly believe that the Queen should have stepped in? That would have been totally undemocratic, and it would have undermined constitutional part of constitutional monarchy. > "Good for tourism" is another one. Nobody goes to Australia to see the Queen. The modern imperial household law was introduced in the late 19th century, in order to emulate similar laws in Europe. It was amended after WWII, but law regarding abdication/resignation was left unchanged. The problem is, there are likely to be multiple competing proposals, and even if they aren't on the ballot at the same time, they create a lot of uncertainty. Many voters will choose to avoid that uncertainty by voting to keep the monarchy. At this point, the monarchy is the default position, and I think it will stay that way until the monarch does something to piss off the majority of the Australian people. In California, it's been sold by the big grocery store chains for years. The current tech boom started around 2011-2012, and a lot of companies signed multi-year leases around that time. My company leased an office for 5 years in 2012, and our lease will expire in early 2017. We expect the price to increase substantially, and we are considering moving the office to save some money. I suspect a lot of 5-year leases are going to be ending this year, and a lot of companies will be looking for new space. If Twitter might as well get a piece of the action, if they aren't using that part of their building. Juries are instructed to determine the facts of the case beyond a reasonable doubt, and thereby determine the verdict. Mercy is not part of jury instructions. A jury would be a pretty blunt instrument in the delivery of mercy, because they don't control sentencing, but only the verdict. All the jury can say is "guilty" or "not guilty" -- not something like "guilty, but give the guy a merciful sentence because of mitigating factors." The main objection to juries is that judges spend decades developing expertise in the law, but we reduce them to the role of referee and let 12 non-experts make very important and difficult legal decisions. In many cases, the jury comprises 12 people who were too stupid to get out of jury duty. Another common objection, often brought up in countries without juries, is that only a guilty person would desire a jury, because unlike a judge, it could be misled by appeals to emotion and faulty legal arguments. Juries also seem to be unnecessary, because there are plenty of countries that don't use juries and have more just and equitable legal systems than countries that do. These aren't exactly my views, but they are common objections raised against juries. I think you'll find that juries will convict even when the law is unjust. Jury nullification is probably not very widespread, despite beliefs to the contrary. I suspect you are referring to jury nullification, which, contrary to proponents' beliefs, was never broadly accepted, nor designed intentionally as a feature of juries. It has always been contentious. It was certainly not the original purpose of juries. Furthermore, juries were punished very harshly for it in the past. It's optional. How can that possibly bother you? Don't use it if you don't like it. There are cases where the jury has to choose one of several charges if they find the defendant guilty, e.g. second- or first-degree murder. In those cases, the jury instructions are pretty specific about the differences between the charges, but that does not eliminate confusion entirely. I was more excited about them when I believed they were actually enforced. I guess they help with static analysis in IDEs, but you can still get type errors at runtime, so Python is still missing out on the main advantage of static typing. Every command has a name, and you can do M-x and type in that name, with tab completion, if you forget the keyboard shortcut. Even better, you can enable ido-mode and install ido-vertical-mode, and see a list of possible command completions without pressing tab. I also highly recommend remapping your caps lock key to control. It's worse than you think. Even if all politicians agreed on what they wanted for UBI today , there is no reason to believe it would remain that way for long. There are any number of reasons people would want to tinker with it in the future, and some of them will be valid and will deserve to be considered -- for example, should disabled people receive more money under UBI, because they have a higher cost of living due to the necessity of wheelchair purchases, a wheelchair lift for their vehicle, or other kinds of equipment? Should UBI payments be made to people who are incarcerated? There is no country in the world I am aware of that has passed a law that implements a simple, elegant concept, such as the ideal form of UBI, and resisted the urge to tinker with it over the years. Furthermore, our current welfare systems are the way they are for powerful reasons. WIC, SNAP, the EITC, food stamps, unemployment insurance, etc. all exist the way they do for a reason, and those reasons won't go away if UBI is implemented. It's very likely that UBI will end up being a re-implementation of the same ideas behind WIC, SNAP, the EITC, and other programs, for the same reasons those programs existed in the first place. We will end up turning UBI into something similar to the welfare system we have now. Tyler Cowen has been very perceptive on this point: http://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2013/11/wha... > The jobs lost to those trade deals are generally pretty crappy jobs. Not to mention, that if those jobs hadn't gone to Mexico because of NAFTA, they would have gone to China, or southeast Asia somewhere. There is pretty much no way they would have stayed in the US. It's also the case that the US manufactures more goods now than ever before, but with fewer people. We manufacture more goods per worker than ever before -- that's because of increases in productivity, only some of which are due to automation. Those increases in productivity almost certainly would have happened with or without the various trade agreements we have put in place over the past few decades. A recent NY Times article argues that NAFTA may have saved some American jobs in the auto industry: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/30/business/economy/nafta-may... The argument is that NAFTA caused low-wage jobs to move to Mexico instead of to Asia. Suppliers in Mexico work closely with US suppliers, because they are geographically close to one another -- therefore, the supply chain stayed in North America. If the jobs had gone to Asia, the Asian suppliers would probably have worked with other suppliers close to them, rather than US suppliers. So the US suppliers would have lost their business partners, and many would have gone out of business. I think we should also keep in mind that trade happens whether you have free-trade deals or not. Even with US tariffs of 2.5% on cars and 25% on trucks, Japanese car companies did very well in the US and took a substantial amount of market share away from domestic automakers in the 1970s and 1980s, back when all of their cars were imported from Japan (they build many in the US now, though). The Japanese cars were so competitive that Americans chose to buy them even though they cost more than American cars, due to both the tariffs and shortages -- Hondas sold substantially above MSRP for a while due to demand, for example. So, unless you prevent imports from coming into the country at all, you still have to compete whether you have free trade or tariffs. According to Wikipedia ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Jose,_California#Climate ), the average high in July and August, the hottest months, is 81.9 degrees, and the annual mean temperature is 60.5 degrees. I suppose you might think that was "hot as hell" if you were from Scandinavia, but by California standards it's a pretty moderate climate. It's certainly not as bad as many other parts of the state. I know people who make less than $150k who have bought homes and condos this year. It's not like every place costs a million dollars. Condos cost significantly less than that, as do homes in downtown San Jose, south San Jose, and east San Jose. I wouldn't personally have bought a home this year, because why buy at the peak? But it is doable. The down payment is the primary hurdle. Or just make enough money that you can afford to pay your mortgage and travel at the same time. Quite a few index funds comprise members that have very high correlation with each other, e.g. funds that track sector-specific indexes in health care, natural resources, etc. And yet, people say Brendan Eich doesn't believe in equality! > Most of the people who go to good bootcamps already have strong university educations and would likely have been able to be hired into junior dev roles anyway without the bootcamp. That depends on how much programming experience they have. Many boot camp attendees have college degrees in non-technical majors and have no coding experience at all. A boot camp is a way to get coding experience in a structured environment that has credibility with employers. In the view of many companies, self-taught coders don't have that level of credibility, even when they have decent Github portfolios or other proof that they can program. Some of the best engineers I have worked with did not learn CS in college, or even in a boot camp. They learned on the job. Some programmers want to believe that computer science is harder than it really is, because it inflates their egos. CS is not as difficult to learn as law, or medicine, or electrical engineering, or many other disciplines for which self-taught practitioners are exceedingly rare. Furthermore, I've seen new hires with graduate degrees in CS fail interviews horribly, or get hired and produce horrible crap, while new self-taught hires have outperformed them significantly. A degree is no guarantee of any skill level, which is unfortunate. I never said anyone should skip the fundamentals. But you don't need to go to college to learn them. Your nitpick on the difference between engineering and programming is ridiculous, and your definition of engineering is wrong. I think it's partially a new form of credentialism. But there is also the question of a candidate's suitability for the job. If you want to hire a Rails developer, for example, someone who just got out of one of the Rails boot camps is probably a more attractive candidate than a self-taught programmer who did not focus on Rails -- even though that self-taught programmer might know more about programming in general. > Why not just call them mansions? Because they are mass-produced and consistently pretty much the same everywhere -- just like McDonald's products. This is not an article about ethical philosophy per se. The article is concerned with how people actually think when they make moral judgments, not how they should think, or what their conclusions ought to be. In particular, the article asserts that people don't think in utilitarian terms when they make moral judgments. Besides, it's not like every paper related to ethics should contain a summary of every ethical framework you listed. It's a research paper, and its intended audience knows those things already. It's not a syllabus for a sophomore survey course on ethics. For those who aren't familiar with the Bay Area: East Palo Alto is a high-crime city. It is not the eastern part of the city of Palo Alto -- it is not even in the same county. It has such a high rate of crime that there were no grocery stores there for many years, because the shoplifting put them out of business. There are frequent gang-related shootings. And yet, it still costs more to live there than it does in most of the United States. That's pretty good evidence that we need more housing. > Indeed. but it's also unreasonable to expect that homeowners in a city should not be able to decide how much building they want to allow in their city How far away does said land need to be before you think current homeowners shouldn't have a say anymore? Should someone who lives on the border of Palo Alto and another city be able to prevent housing being built in that other city, or just in Palo Alto? It's pretty arbitrary. The people who are trying to prevent housing being built today are the same people who benefited from lots of new housing being built during the 1960s-1980s. Why should they have the right to prevent other people from doing what they themselves did? Should the Palo Alto residents in the 1960s-1980s have been able to prevent the newcomers at that time? I suspect very few current residents would agree with that, which is hypocritical. I think there is a much simpler way to deal with this -- if land is zoned for housing, allow housing to be built. If some rich guy in Palo Alto wanted to control what happened on that land, he should have bought it. Why should anyone be able to veto the development of housing on land they don't own, if it is zoned for housing? > Why fight it when you can simply move work elsewhere? You can't really do that. You underestimate the powerful network effect Silicon Valley has on the tech industry. Almost all of the investors are here, and many of the world's best software engineers choose to live here and will not move elsewhere for work. There are only a few other cities that have a lot of software jobs and also a large pool of software talent, and they also have a high cost of living -- NYC, Boston, and Seattle come to mind. > Your argument about investors and quality developers only being in SFBA is a strawman. That was not my argument. I said most, or "almost all," not all. And that's true! Even the NYC startups have to come to the Bay Area to meet with VCs. I've been told that the huge Ikea-Home Depot shopping center in East Palo Alto was built on top of the most dangerous neighborhood in the city. Apparently it was contested gang territory, and the city used eminent domain to solve the problem by demolishing it and converting it to retail. Because if you don't give credit to the other people in the field, you are less likely to get through peer review, and people will constantly suggest that you read their work -- even though you already have. You prove that you are one of the group by namedropping, citing lots of other papers, and using the same jargon everyone else does. > Whining about not being able to afford to live in a neighborhood where multi-millionaires want to live is not very productive. You make it seem like solely a demand-driven problem, but supply is being artificially restricted, which is a form of protectionism that is unbecoming of the otherwise highly capitalist homeowners of Palo Alto. The point has been made well here: http://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2016/08/col... "The people who bought their homes a long time ago lucked into a windfall and they resentfully lash out at anyone trying to cut in on that windfall. But notice how un-American these claims are. The current residents want to protect their gains by telling other people how they can use their property. When a new restaurant starts to take patrons from an old restaurant we generally don’t think that the old restaurant–the long-term resident–has the right to prevent the new restaurant from opening. The same is true, by and large, for new technologies and ways of doing business. Yet when it comes to residential land we give the old residents a veto on the new." It's also worth noting that Vanguard's index funds are usually offered to the general public in two share classes: the "Investor" shares, and the "Admiral" shares. The Admiral shares have lower expense ratios, and generally require a $10k minimum investment -- down from something like $50k several years ago. Some of Vanguard's funds have corresponding ETFs, which hold the exact same investments the funds do, and usually offer the low expense ratio of the Admiral fund shares with no minimum investment. What are Canada's core competencies? Where does it have a comparative advantage? > A choice job at Google and you still won't be buying a home. That's just not true. Housing is very expensive, but a "choice" job at Google pays enough to buy a home. The same goes for Apple, Facebook, Amazon, and the other large companies. Their compensation for mid- and senior-level people is so good that it's difficult to convince them to leave, even for considerable startup equity. > Most devs with a few years experience won't earn that. You referred to "choice" jobs. Those aren't jobs for people with a few years of experience. Think 5-10 years. Furthermore, I can assure you that a huge number of people at Google clear $200k per year in total compensation, which includes a high salary, stock, and bonuses. I know people at other companies I've mentioned who do so as well, with less than 10 years of experience in the industry. There are also plenty of homes that cost less than the median -- in fact, half of them do... Let me put it this way: I have lived in Silicon Valley my entire life (and I'm not that young), and the only person I've ever met who was raised by a nanny was a rich kid who went to my high school. I've never met anyone who hired a nanny, except that kid's parents. But maybe that's because I don't live in Atherton. A nanny is not a part-time worker. That is a babysitter. A nanny lives with the family. I think you overestimate the number of people who care that much about Go. It's not very widely used. It would also be a massive effort to add generics to it at this point, because of the design choices the team made early on. interface{} is the new void*. There are far better ways to handle generics in modern languages, which preserve type safety and aren't very cumbersome. > You obviously didn't vendor your dependencies in your project's vendor directory. You shouldn't have to! A good dependency management system will produce reproducible builds via dependency versioning without any need to "vendor" anything. What approach would that be? I can see how people think it is native Ruby. Very few people use Ruby without Rails. The most likely outcome is a public option in the exchanges. I don't expect that many private insurers will continue to participate in the exchanges if they have to compete with a public option, so the public option will end up being a de-facto single-payer system for poor people who have to use the exchanges. I don't understand why so many private insurers participated in the exchanges in the first place. It seems pretty obvious that the people who need to purchase from the exchanges are less likely to be healthy than the general population, because they probably haven't had much preventative care in the past, due to their prior lack of insurance, and also because poverty and poor health are highly correlated. Imagine that you ran a car insurance company, and the government set up an exchange where the least-skilled drivers could purchase insurance. Would you participate? If as-of-right passes, and NIMBYs shift to downzoning, we can pass another law to deal with that. After all, if as-of-right passes, the legislators who voted for it would probably also be willing to vote for restrictions on downzoning -- especially when downzoning is done in direct opposition to the intent of the as-of-right law they just passed. SF is one of the few cities where the poorest and the richest agree on housing policy. It's a very unusual situation. Don't be naive. That may be part of their motivation, but they would want control for censorship purposes even if they didn't fear harm from the US. Both the rich and the poor oppose almost all new construction. So yeah, they agree. > If the city suggested building mid rise buildings with a percentage of below market units in leafy rich neighbourhoods far from low income areas you'd see that low income persons would be quite happy about this development. The rich wouldn't be. I don't believe that. There are many in SF who oppose all new construction, and many others who want 100% of new construction to be subsidized housing. Government controls which would enable censorship have been proposed at meetings of the International Telecommunication Union, and have gained significant support. Notably, the proposals are supported by countries known for internet censorship, and opposed by the United States. It is a pretty obvious fact that internationalized control of internet governance will make censorship more likely, and acceptable, than US control does. Here is just one example: https://rsf.org/en/news/new-treaty-signed-not-all > Reporters Without Borders reiterates its appeal to ITU member countries to preserve the Internet as a place of freedom, as a place for the free exchange of views and information. Concern also focused on article 5B of the treaty concerning spam, which says: “Member States should endeavour to take necessary measures to prevent the propagation of unsolicited bulk electronic communications and minimize its impact on international telecommunication services. Member States are encouraged to cooperate in that sense.” The problem stems from the fact that, to block this kind of content, governments will first have to identify it and will therefore have to use Internet control tools. Some governments do this already, but such action has never been recognized in a UN treaty. So this article sets a precedent which governments that have little interest in freedom of information would be able to use to justify the deployment of filtering and blocking mechanisms. Here is another: https://www.publicknowledge.org/news-blog/blogs/itu-wcit-and... > A recently released ITU document summarizing various proposals to modify the existing ITU regulations (“ITRs”) confirms what folks have been saying and leaking for some time now. The Russian Federation, various Arab states, and others have submitted proposals that would expressly ratify the right of member states to disrupt communication in the name of national security, and to limit the ability of parties to route around censorship or communicate anonymously by providing members states the authority to determine routing paths and to prevent “misuse and misappropriation of numbering resources.” (See, for example, proposed MOD 30 & 31A – but there are numerous other proposals that could achieve the same end). I see nothing wrong with it. Otto takes on the risk of developing a new business, and gets acquired if the risk pays off. Uber gets to benefit from Otto's efforts without taking the risk, but they have to pay for it in order to make it theirs. It's mutually beneficial, and risks get taken that probably wouldn't be taken otherwise, which is good for innovation. This kind of thing is pretty common at Adobe and Cisco as well. There is a bit of a revolving door of executives and senior engineers leaving to start companies, intending from the beginning of being acquired by their former employer if their business pans out. Many companies could not take the risk of running an innovative new business internally -- their board wouldn't let them, or their investors wouldn't. This kind of thing probably results in more research and innovation taking place that would have otherwise. This isn't new. People have been doing this for a long time. The main reason for the increase in education costs is the availability of student loans. Lenders will loan huge amounts of money to students, who have often never worked and have no assets, because the loans are almost impossible to discharge or otherwise get out of. In many cases, students qualify to borrow more money than even their parents could. State governments know that students can get student loans in pretty much all circumstances, and they use that as a justification to cut funding to state colleges -- after all, aid is available for those who need it. Colleges increase tuition to make up for the shortfall in state funding. They also need to attract students who have the means, via the loans, to attend the school of their choice. So, colleges build amenities, such as luxurious student housing and health clubs, which increase operating costs and necessitate further increases in tuition. Meanwhile, students are being told by their parents that they will have no problem paying back their loans, but that's not generally true. Their parents went to school before this vicious cycle of loans and funding emerged, and don't fully understand the burden these loans can cause for new grads, especially in non-STEM fields. The students borrow more than they ought to. This is a parable of unintended consequences. Inflation is a general increase in prices. This is an increase in prices for some goods, and a decrease for others. > By socializing healthcare, we destroy its efficiency and drive up prices. If everyone goes to the doctor because of a little cough because it's "free", that is precisely the irrational uncapitalistic decision making we do not need. You say that like you are predicting the outcome of an experiment that hasn't been tried -- but socialized medicine has been tried in dozens of countries, and the price and efficiency outcomes you predicted have not happened in any of them! In fact, people going to the doctor more often for things like a "little cough" is a good thing, because it increases the likelihood that serious conditions will be discovered early, in the course of treating less-serious conditions. The life expectancy of Japanese people, which is the highest in the world, has been largely credited to the fact that they visit doctors more frequently than most other people. I'm not sure where to begin with this essentialist exaggeration. First of all, the history of Japanese agitation for change, especially in Tokyo, has been notable. Consider the massive protest movements of the 1960s and 1970s over security and labor unoin issues, and the protests against the establishment of Narita airport in the 1970s. Consider also Goto Shinpei's ambitious rebuilding of Tokyo, which had been destroyed in the 1923 Kanto earthquake, with a roads, parks, and a transit system inspired by the great cities of Europe and the US, not by Japanese tradition. Japan's current zoning system is a recent innovation, borne of the necessity of spurring growth during their long recession. The system it replaced was developed during the 20th century. You would have to look back before the late 19th century to find more traditional systems. This, along with the history of protest movements and the radical redesign of Tokyo in the 1920s, disproves the idea that Confucian orthodoxy and survival of tradition have much to do with Japan's zoning system. Furthermore, traditional Japanese urban buildings are not a whole lot like traditional Chinese urban buildings in their exterior appearance nor their interior layout. > I wouldn't be surprised if Tokyo's economy was stronger than other parts of Japan The GDP of the Tokyo metropolitan area is about 1/3 of Japan's total GDP. The country is weighted toward Tokyo like the UK is weighted toward London. In the US, the center of finance is New York, the center of entertainment is LA, and the center of tech is Silicon Valley. In Japan, Tokyo is the center of all of those things, as London is in the UK. Even though the national population is shrinking, the population of Tokyo is growing. If I were CEO of Uber, I would want Lyft to survive in order to avoid anti-trust issues. I suppose Uber can point to taxi companies as competition, but at the rate those are dying off, and considering that Uber's app puts Uber in something of a new category, I would want to hedge my bets and keep Lyft around in case a regulator doesn't take the taxi argument seriously. And yet, during the lost decade, standards of living increased, and the highest unemployment rate ever recorded was only 5.6%. > Not sure why you label generalisation essentialism? Because you generalize by deploying tired old tropes about Confucianism and a conformist, "harmonious" society, which were never really true. > Your opinion appears biased in terms of: (a) 20th century; (b) Tokyo. Well, considering that we are discussing Tokyo in the late 20th and early 21st centuries in the context of the article posted here, that seems appropriate. > Furthermore, while protest movements have of course existed I would argue that they are few and relatively late to develop (massive discontent precedes) relative to other societies. Demonstrably untrue. During the late 19th century, and most of the 20th century, protests were a significant aspect of Japanese society -- more so than in many western countries. > It is a fact that many of Japan's oldest buildings are direct derivations of Tang Dynasty architecture, and in some cases (Kyoto) city layouts (urban plans) were directly copied from China. If you were talking about city street layouts instead of architecture, you should have written about city street layouts instead of writing about architecture. In any case, Kyoto is unique within Japan. Within Kyoto, the urban architecture is not really Chinese, even if the street layout used to be. The primary influence of Chinese architecture in Japan can be seen in temples, not in urban buildings. Seriously. I switched back to an iPhone from Lollipop earlier this year, and the difference in battery life is staggering, even though the iPhone has a smaller battery than the Android phone I used to have. I'm glad that Google has signaled that they are going to further tighten the restrictions on background app activities in future releases. I hope they follow through with it. What on earth are you talking about? All of those things you listed as impossible will still be possible. All Google did is restrict what apps can do in the background, and announced that there will be further restrictions in the future: all background tasks will have to be done through the JobScheduler API. This does not prevent apps from doing stuff in the background, it just prevents them from doing whatever they want, whenever they want -- they will have to follow the proper procedure. I wonder if you could get the same effect by turning off only some of the Now cards. Perhaps a few of them are responsible for the majority of the battery usage. It would be a shame to have to turn off all of them. I found most of them to be useful. Sort of. Toyota and its suppliers are there, but Honda, Nissan, and Mazda are not. Detroit was unique because it was the home of every major American car company: Ford, GM, Dodge/Chrysler, and AMC. On the other hand, if it worked, he could write a JSON parser, which most programmers cannot do. I don't get this. Even when I interview people I am going to report to, I grill them on technical questions. > the vision of the Python ecosystem as Python-only packages with occasional lightweight C libraries integrated with cffi looks very nice to me. I have the opposite view. I'd rather have all of the important libraries written in a language with a safer type system than Python's. C's type system has some safety issues, but it's still safer than Python's. If Python 3's optional type hints could actually be enforced at runtime, I'd be sold on using Python for pretty much everything. I think this kind of thing is good for the industry. It may be a good way to avoid the innovator's dilemma. Big companies often can't take risks developing a new business or product line internally. These startups take on the risk, and get the reward if they succeed -- just like any other startups. The acquiring company gets to innovate without taking risk, which the board of directors might be leery of taking on. It's a win-win for everyone. More innovation happens than would have happened otherwise. Cisco and Adobe have been known for doing this. I'm not sure why anyone would object to this. Even if one wants the tech industry to be a perfect meritocracy, one must recognize that even in a meritocracy, people make use of personal connections to get ahead, because connections can be earned through merit. Not all connections are just accidents of birth or other circumstances. If someone gets a job at Google through merit, and succeeds through merit, it is entirely reasonable and just for Google to enter into a spin-in arrangement with him or her. The risk is the risk of failure. They won't get spun back in if they fail. They will go out of business, like any other startup. I don't see how this is anything like cheating on an exam. The founders of spin-in startups are good at what they do -- if they weren't, they wouldn't get such an arrangement in the first place, and even if they did, they wouldn't be acquired if they failed. Meritocracy is not undermined when people with merit are identified and elevated -- in fact, that's the raison d'etre of meritocracy. So what? Lots of startups that deserve to fail and don't have this kind of arrangement also manage to get more financing, or get acquired or acquihired. That kind of thing is not unique to spin-ins. I also never claimed the world was a perfect meritocracy. I was saying that if it was, this kind of thing would not undermine it. It seems that we agree on that point. I brought it up in anticipation of counter-arguments that spin-ins subvert meritocracy. Python has undefined behavior because it's implementations are written in languages that do. Every implementation of it is written in a language with undefined behavior such as C, or in languages which are themselves implemented in languages with undefined behavior (e.g. Jython, which runs on the JVM, which is written in C and C++). There is no guarantee that an implementation of Python is bug-free, so there is no guarantee that any Python problem is free of undefined behavior. So, if you write a Python library in C or in Python, you'll have undefined behavior either way. Undefined behavior is not a good criteria for choosing which language to use. > According to your definition, is there any language that doesn't have undefined behavior? After all, even the hardware can have flaws and undefined behavior, so to mix metaphors, it's all a house of cards built upon sand. That's correct, and it's not pedantic to point that out. It proves that undefined behavior is not a useful criteria for choosing which language to use. But even if we accept your more restricted definition of what constitutes undefined behavior, we still must accept that any language that is implemented in C could possibly exhibit any of C's undefined behavior. Therefore, writing a Python library in Python instead of C cannot help you avoid C's undefined behavior. It might prevent you from introducing more undefined behavior, but that's not the same as avoiding it entirely -- if the implementation is written in C, then that ship has sailed. > And no, writing the implementation in C does not introduce undefined behaviour, although it may require a number of compile and run time checks to ensure that you're never invoking it. This is a valid C program that contains an undefined behavior, from http://blog.regehr.org/archives/213 : #include #include int main (void) { printf ("%d\n", (INT_MAX+1) } It is a perfectly valid program. The outcome is undefined (integer overflow is considered undefined behavior in C by every authoritative source I've ever seen). GCC does not emit any warnings when this program is compiled, even with all warnings turned on. There certainly aren't any runtime checks for it. Any program that adds numbers which are passed into it can run into undefined operations. Here is another example: i = i++ + 1; The result of that operation is undefined. These examples demonstrate that undefined behavior is not something you "invoke" in a special way -- it's often the result of a mistake. It is not restricted to certain operations -- these examples use simple addition! The compiler and runtime checks can't help you avoid it in many cases -- you sometimes won't even get a compiler warning. Here is an example of a bug in the C implementation of Python that caused undefined behavior because of integer handling: https://bugs.python.org/issue23999 It's basically impossible to avoid. Even if your code is perfect, the compiler might optimize it into something that might contain undefined behavior. I suppose that if you never did any math, or anything with strings, or any pointer dereferences of any kind, or any casting, or any recursion, and you made sure the compiler didn't try to optimize anything, you could end up with a C program that could not have undefined behavior. But it's clearly impossible to implement Python without doing all of those things. I don't think my definition is different from the common one. I agree that undefined behavior is behavior that the spec for the language says is undefined. Pretty much every language has some undefined behavior. That undefined behavior can be invoked intentionally, or because of bugs. C has a lot of undefined behaviors. Even simple addition can result in an undefined behavior because int overflow is undefined. Any C program that takes numbers as input (via the shell, or FFI, or whatever) and adds them together can exhibit undefined behavior. Null pointer dereferences are also undefined, and pretty much any C program of reasonable complexity can encounter those, in the form of bugs. A bug in hardware can also cause these undefined behaviors to be invoked -- for example, a friend of mine who does embedded programming had some null pointer dereferences or something like that because the hardware did not set a value when he told it to set the value. Null pointer dereferences are undefined, and if they happen because of hardware bugs, that is a case of hardware causing undefined behaviors to happen. It would not be reasonable to say they were not undefined behavior simply because they were caused by hardware instead of programmer error. The fact that it happened at all is what matters, not what caused it. Even if a language does not have any undefined behaviors whatsoever, that's not the end of it. If a program in that language interacts with other programs that do have undefined behavior, such as C programs, it could potentially trigger or be affected by undefined behaviors in those other programs. If that happens, it's not reasonable to say that it was not undefined behavior simply because it happened in a piece of code in a different language. (So, if the result of running a Python program is affected by undefined behavior in the C implementation of Python, that program has undefined behavior -- even if the Python code does not. The undefined behavior is C's, not Python's -- but it happens because of running the Python code, which caused the C code to run.) In other words, any invocation of code that causes undefined behavior to happen -- whether it is intentional, or caused by a software bug, or even caused by a hardware bug -- counts. Which spec? The one for Python, or the one for C? It's entirely possible that executing a Python program could cause C code in the Python interpreter, or C code called via FFI, to do something that the C spec defines as undefined behavior. That could affect the result of the Python program. If that happened, it would not be reasonable to say that the Python program did not have undefined behavior -- even if nothing in the Python code was undefined according to the Python spec. Are you saying that when a C program, which happens to be an interpreter for another language, does something that results in undefined behavior according to the C spec, it doesn't count as undefined behavior? I suspect that is where we differ. It seems to me that if a C program does something that results in undefined behavior according to the C spec, it is undefined behavior period , regardless of any other factors, because the spec says it's undefined and that's all that matters. > It wouldn't be an example of undefined behavior as given at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Undefined_behavior : "undefined behavior (UB) is the result of executing computer code that does not have a prescribed behavior by the language specification" because Python prescribes that behavior. But the C spec doesn't prescribe any behavior in this case, and the code that is running in this case is C, not Python! It was written in C, it was compiled by a C compiler -- it's C! Whether or not the behavior is undefined for anything a C program does is determined by the C spec only. The Python spec is not relevant. Any C program that overflows an int has done something undefined, whether or not that C program happens to be a Python implementation. In some states and university systems, grad students have been unionized and treated as employees for decades. So while this is a big change for some universities, it won't have a significant effect on others. I wouldn't expect this ruling to have a seismic effect on academia as a whole. > This is false. If your code is perfect, the compiler shouldn't do such optimization. Of course compilers have bugs Then it's not false! Stuff like this is why I try to avoid apps that operate their own syncing services. If Vesper had used some kind of file format you could just keep in your Dropbox, and used that for syncing, all the developers would need to do is stop paying for the proprietary font in order to have zero operating costs. Obviously you can't avoid all problems this way (Apple and Google and Dropbox sometimes change their APIs, or discontinue them, e.g. Google Reader), but it goes a long way to building confidence that even if the company fails, people can continue to use the app. If you think that you will attract enough new customers that you will make more money under a subscription model than a traditional paid model, there is no reason to keep the existing users happy -- if they leave, they have already paid you all they were ever willing to pay, so you aren't missing out on any money from them. (If they aren't willing to pay for a subscription, they probably wouldn't have paid a one-time fee for the next version of the product either. These are the kind of people who buy once and don't upgrade.) Even if they switch to a competitor's product, it's not like you lost any money you would have gotten from them. The Idris example seems to need further explanation: > In Idris, we can say "the add function takes two integers and returns an integer, but its first argument must be smaller than its second argument": > add : (x : Nat) -> (y : Nat) -> {auto smaller : LT x y} -> Nat > add x y = x + y That's all well and good, if you know the values of x and y at compile time. Consider a program that reads x and y from STDIN. The user could provide an x that is equal to or larger than y (or could provide only one value, or values that are not numbers). I see no way to deal with that except to throw a runtime error. Is that what would happen? What would happen if you did not compare them before calling the function, and just passed them in such that x >= y? Assuming they were integers before, what type would they become after they were compared? Even with a consistent standard library, you can't really be confident that you've properly refactored all usages of a class or function unless you have 100% test coverage -- and even if you did, it would be difficult to automate the refactoring the way you could with a static language. By that logic, you couldn't say anything is ever undefined when it happens in binary machine code, or what spec should apply -- you couldn't say it is C or that it is Python. That level of reductionism doesn't get you anywhere. > but now there seems to be no barrier to entry for any competing service except writing an app. If that's true, why isn't Lyft doing well? > If they can kill the competition they can then crank the prices back up and profit of this for years and years. It feels slightly 'evil' but it does make business sense, especially if they know they can outlast their competitors. They can do that, if they want anti-trust problems. I bet Uber wants Lyft to survive so they can have a substantially similar competitor to point to when the government's lawyers come knocking. Your definition leads to a serious contradiction: Case 1: A C program overflows an int (which is listed as an undefined behavior in the C spec). Under your definition, and pretty much any other, that program has executed code that results in undefined behavior. Case 2: A C program overflows an int. That C program happens to be the Python interpreter. Under your definition, based on your responses to previous comments, that did not result in undefined behavior, but was an implementation bug instead. There is no difference between case 1 and case 2. They are both C programs, so the spec for C determines what is undefined behavior for them. They both did the same thing. Either both are executing code that results in undefined behavior, or neither is. Case 2 is also an example of an implementation bug if it affects the result of the Python code running in the interpreter. You could use the Dropbox API with oauth. The same files in Dropbox can be used to sync the web API, phone apps, and desktop apps. You could also roll your own solution with S3 or something like that. The point is that you will be using fairly common and popular services which aren't likely to go away anytime soon, and aren't operated and maintained by yourself. You could also take the approach 1Password does: operate your own sync service, but allow users to use Dropbox or iCloud instead. The onus is on them to make sure the files are in the right places, but they effectively have total control over the files, which a lot of people like. > If the implementation uses C UB, which causes it to be out of compliance with the Python specification, then it is both undefined behavior for C and a failure to follow defined behavior for Python. That's true, but it's not what you said. You said "the C specification is irrelevant" when I brought up bugs in the C code in CPython, and you said they were implementation bugs but not UB, because the Python spec doesn't define them as UB -- even though the code we were talking about was C! In other words, case 2 in my previous comment. Now you say "When run in CPython, the implementation follows the C language specification," and "If the implementation uses C UB, which causes it to be out of compliance with the Python specification, then it is both undefined behavior for C and a failure to follow defined behavior for Python." Those arguments contradict each other. Which one do you believe? You can use whatever definition you want in your own head, but you cannot expect anyone else to accept it. Furthermore, one of the most popular languages in use today is weakly typed: JavaScript! This is a similar project written in Lua, with a different Mario game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qv6UVOQ0F44 > I don't see a similar issue with for-profit schools. In order to attract students they need to to provide good education and foster a good reputation. Or they just need to dupe people who don't know any better. A lot of the people who end up at these places are poor, don't have friends or relatives with college degrees, didn't get good advice, and simply don't know how to recognize a scam. Now they have six figures of student loan debt they can't get rid of, and a low-prestige degree that many employers won't even consider. You're absolutely correct, and this illuminates an aspect of the controversy that I don't think gets quite enough coverage: where did the social justice/progressive left students learn about the terminology and ideology they advocate? They almost certainly didn't learn it in high school, from their peers in high school, or from their parents. (Although that may be changing.) They learned these things at the university, from professors, and from fellow students who learned from the same professors. In other words, academia brought this situation upon itself by teaching these things to students -- -- so I'm rather leery of analyses which blame millennials for pushing a self-indulgent worldview on universities. If the same ideas had been taught to previous generations of students, they too would have advocated trigger warnings and safe spaces.