Exactly. CELT at 2.5kbit/sec: http://myrandomnode.dyndns.org:8080/~gmaxwell/celt/16k_60ms_... So sure, CELT can be coerced to run at obnoxiously low rates— it's far more flexible than MP3 in this regard, every frame size which is an integer number of bytes greater than 8 or so should more or less work (and it should use every bit effectively). This doesn't mean that it'll actually be useful at very low rates. 32kbps is about the limit for 20ms frames where things really start to come apart and everything starts sounding pretty poor. The CELT _decoder_ is more computationally complex than you might guess. We started the design in 2007, and the decoder is pretty comparable to MP3 or Vorbis decoding (though requiring a _lot_ less memory). Using substantially less CPU than that, if there was quality to be gained would have been a sin. So although the overall design is nice and simple— we use a number of 'more optimal' techniques which are decent CPU sinks. E.g. Everything is range coded (so we're not constrained to coding things with probabilities of the 1/2^n form) and we use high dimensionality vector quantization. The encoder, however, doesn't need a psy-model at all nor does the current one have much of a psy-model (it has some simple hacks for a couple psycho-acoustic tweaks, but nothing too complex) Reasonable perceptual performance is implicit in the format. This means that a good CELT encoder can be much faster than, say, a good vorbis encoder. On the subject of DSP stimulating curiosity, checkout http://www.xiph.org/video/ FWIW, mono at32kbit/sec is fairly close to stereo at 64. (Of course, there is some joint coding gain from stereo— but stereo's wost case is just as bad as 2x mono and it's the often the worst cases that limit the quality). For example, mono speech at 32kbit/sec: https://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/spec.orig.wav https://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/spec.MP3.wav https://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/spec.vorbis.wav https://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/spec.CELT.wav The SILK+CELT hybrid does better still, but even CELT alone is still fairly useful at lower rates. Whats the point of paying for MPEG-LA's license for AVC if doing so doesn't actually make the format legal to use? Both sides are saying (if not expressly then implied) that their licensing technique is believed to be enough, but they can't promise absolute protection. This isn't the case. See the HP and MPEG-LA testimony before the FTC. The pool agreement isn't exclusive. The members are free to license their patents through other venues, including cross licensing. In fact, one of the points MPEG-LA made in their initial review letter with the DOJ is that he pool would not be used to force anyone to pay for a license to a patent which they were already licensed for some other means. So a pool member only has to pay royalties iff they've been unable to achieve complete cross-licensing with the other pool members. I'm interested in knowing where you get this idea what H.265 won't be subject to patent royalties? FreeBSD MD5 is pretty strong— Its randomly salted and runs 1000 iterations of MD5. None of MD5's weaknesses are especially relevant in this context. The most important thing is the how slow it is, and it's likely that if they'd taken defaults bcrypt would actually have been faster. The saddest thing is that many of the people howling about MD5 are proposing weaker alternatives like straight SHA-512 with a static "salt" embedded in the source code. In fact, MTGOX almost deployed such a replacement in their upgrade until they were cluesticked by people screaming to not invent you own cryptographic functions. You appear to be advancing a sweat of the brow ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sweat_of_the_brow ) theory of copyright— a view which is rejected by US law (the law in other places may be different). See Bridgeman v. Corel for an excellent example. Of course, I don't begrudge people who scan the ability to get paid for their work. But there are a great many ways to get paid which do not involve forever robbing from the public domain (because, of course, if they are able they will simply keep updating their scanned copies while locking the public away from the originals). And yet Wikipedia manages to do so without charging $19/article. :) Even for historic scanned books, e.g. http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:William_Blake,_a_crit... Likewise, archive.org does as well. I expect these papers will eventually end up in both these places. Maybe. http://www.scotusblog.com/case-files/cases/golan-v-holder/ Probably you don't understand where the line is because no one else is quite sure either. Most of the underlying information on Google Maps is public domain—road locations and physical features of the terrain are all uncopyrightable facts. What they claim copyright to are the map visuals: the particular style of drawing the maps, and the photographs they took. (though perhaps even that is debatable, since the photography is a robotic process) You should be able to take the Google data and extract everything uncopyrightable from it to draw your own maps. (And if you're interested in public maps, you should see the OpenStreetMap project.) But say you want to include some of the other things on Google Maps--place markers for hotels and restaurants, for example. Any one of them is an uncopyrightable fact: that's where it is. But what if you choose to mark the same collection of the same sorts of things that Google has marked--are you infringing on their copyright in the selection? The more you can make an argument that there was some original thought in the selection the harder it is to tell. US law is pretty clear on plain facts being ineligible for copyright, even if it took work ("sweat of the brow") to compile them. But copyright in things like collections of data is much less clear. No, just not stupid enough to write the oppositions briefs for them. But really, you don't need to be a genius to obtain large collections of scientific papers. Many people have them— its a prerequisite for doing meta-analysis for example. The distinction here is making them available to the general public. They don't do full text search on these articles. None of your links are working for me. The only things in archive.org right now appear to be a half dozen issues from the mid-1800s. It's perhaps easier to go the other way. Can you find this online? "Description of the Brain of Mr. Charles Babbage" T1 - Description of the Brain of Mr. Charles Babbage, F.R.S JF - Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London. Series B, Containing Papers of a Biological Character (1896-1934) VL - 200 SP - 117 EP - 131 PY - 1909/01/01/ UR - http://dx.doi.org/10.1098/rstb.1909.0003 M3 - doi:10.1098/rstb.1909.0003 AU - Horsley, V. This isn't true. There are several kinds of built in upgradeablility. First, the relevant structures have version identifiers, so new clients could operate on a mixed network without problems (though with the new features disabled) and continue to parse old messages. Secondly, all bitcoin transactions are governed by small programs written in the transactions (called scripts). Many of the scripting OP codes are 'reserved' and treated as NO-OP by the clients today. If a vulnerability was found in ECDSA and we needed to migrate off it fast— You could write transactions which require a (say) lamport signature PLUS an ECDSA signature.. and encode the lamport signature requirement in script as a NO-OP (e.g. one of the no-ops gets redefined a 'check lamport signature'). Old clients will ignore that requirement and consider the txn good if the ECC key was good, new clients will validate it. The network could run mixed for a long time, though transactions sent and received by old clients wouldn't enjoy the improved security. The script mechanism doesn't let you upgrade everything, e.g. you can't change the hash used for the proof of work or merkle tree that way... but that aspect of the usage is the most robust against attack. E.g. Bitcoin would still be acceptably secure if MD5 were used in the POW as well studied functions tend to fail fairly slowly with attacks becoming more powerful gradually. For those things you're left with the alert... and even there the system can use indicators in coinbase to have mining nodes vote on when to activate the change. Because no one mining would be left on the old network clients that didn't upgrade would just see transaction processing stop, not a significant split. It's arguably unethical to mention solidcoin and link to their PR material without at least a little word of warning: Solidcoin is not a decentralized system like bitcoin. Every other block must be mined by one of several trusted parties. This has advantages and disadvantages. (Because there are only a few bitcoin clients and only one popular one bitcoin has some centralization problems too, but it's not really comparable) The solidcoin trusted parties have used this ability to change the rules of the system substantially on the users. E.g. the payout per block was recently reduced from 32 SC to 5 SC. Users could not disagree by simply refusing to "upgrade" because the trusted parties stopped issuing blocks on the old network. There is a bunch of other funny business as well. Do your research. You laptop has a _hardware_ H.264 decoder? What laptop is that? GPU shader code != hardware. And LLVM was bootstrapped by using GCC as the front end before clang was written to replace it. The freedom to combine with another program _temporarily_ while you bootstrap something better improves productivity significantly. And the world before GCC had a great many commercial compilers. Many of the crap. GCC replaced almost all the crap ones, so that only free compilers and a few commercial compilers that were good enough to offer something over GCC existed. Where do you get no prior contact from? The fact that SolidCoin had stripped the copyright notices from the fails and were fraudulently claiming to have rewritten everything (as part of their process of closing access to Solidcoin and putting it under a restrictive license) was a popular discussion subject on the AltChains forum and had come up multiple times. They also apparently violate the Berkley DB license. And you believe it? Why? Google for solidcoin copyright. You can see the posts on bitcoin talk _months ago_ talking about this. Looking for myself, it appears that they still haven't fixed the copyright notices. The file cited on the github page still has the mentioned code with nothing but a copyright notice by solidcoin. And if there is no issue they could simply file a DMCA counternotice and get everything put back up. No. This really is not the case. The article _specifically_ addresses this misconception. The signal reproduced from your 44.1kHz sampled digital input is not a stair-step like some broken waveform editor might display: On output it goes through a matched reconstruction filter (which may, in fact, be digital and involve an oversampled DAC or it could be analog though those are harder to build without compromise). After the reconstruction filter the output is _EXACT_, assuming the input only contained energy below the nyquist (well, and was sufficiently far away from the reconstruction lowpass). So even a 5khz sine wave is reproduced perfectly with 44.1kHz sampling. Yes, thats basically it. They do this _exceptionally_ well in fact. Typically the technique used inside DAC is to digitally upsample the signal (by duplicating samples, often to a few MHz— also allowing them to use a low bit-depth DAC) then it applies a very sharp "perfect" digital filter to cut it right to the proper passband (half the sampling rate). The analog output then contains only a tiny amount of ultrasonic aliasing which is so far out that it's easily rolled off by simple induction in the output. This isn't just theory. Here is a wav file I made at a 1kHz sampling rate, where every other sample is -.25/.25: http://people.xiph.org/~greg/1khz-sampled.wav (so a 500Hz tone, the highest you can represent with 1kHz sampling). Feeding that file to a boring resampler (I used SSRC, but anything should give roughly the same result— a least when not quite so ridiculously close to nyquist, most will attenuate near-nyquist data extensively) and get this: http://people.xiph.org/~greg/1khz-sampled-to-48khz.wav Here are the two signals plotted against each other: http://people.xiph.org/~greg/1khz-to-48khz.png As you can see— the 500Hz sinewave is reconstructed perfectly. (Of course, a 500Hz square wave would not be (you'd get a sinewave out) but this is because a 500Hz square wave contains energy far beyond the nyquist of 1kHz sampling). Here is a spectrograph of the same signal http://people.xiph.org/~greg/1khz-to-48khz-spec.png showing that the tone is indeed pure (the faint background noise is the dither the resampler applies when requantizing its high precision intermediate format back to 16 bits). First, if you can "hear the steepness" you really can hear higher frequencies, but I assume you meant "maybe you can hear higher frequencies but not higher frequency _tones_"... People have suggested this. It's been tested in rigorous double blind tests— involving both real music signals as well as special test tones (Linked from the article). The tests were unable to show that people could hear the ultrasonics. Moreover, there isn't any physiological basis to expect people to be able to. You can't expect a stronger result than that. Common 48KHz audio already goes a bit beyond what adults are known to be able to hear, so you've already got some headroom for "but what if a few people hear better than anyone the researchers have been able to find!". Audio tweaker with hacker leanings but without carpentry skills? Start your engines: http://drc-fir.sourceforge.net/ Not somewhat unusual. A one of a kind specimen. If you test this and hear something, it's almost certainly because the ultrasonic signal is being distorted by your amplifier and speakers and you're hearing distortion products that are ending up at frequencies you can hear. Indeed, but if there were non-linearies in the ear (there are many, of course) which allowed detection of ultrasonics (less likely, because the first stage of the ear is impressively linear) you'd expect them to show up in the actual listening tests. The TFA does at least make this the-proof-is-in-the-pudding point somewhere in its depths. :) 16 bits is not "very limiting" for anything, unless you think your ears themselves are very limiting. Many things are mastered poorly— recording engineers crushing the dynamics in order to get the loudest possible signals— mostly a problem for pop music, but nothing is immune. It's been observed that the various 'higher-definition' recordings have less brutal mastering— no doubt owing to the different audience they are marketed to. But this isn't a property of 24-bit vs 16-bit distribution. To avoid the trouble of digging up the link: http://www.davidgriesinger.com/intermod.ppt Slides 29-35 address this point. Acoustic "beat tones" aren't "real" tones— you hear them because of non-linearies in the ear-brain system, but you have to hear the initial tones first. (Well, unless you're talking >>130dB SPL levels where the air starts becoming non-linear, but then lower frequency recording would capture it fine) If you could hear subharmonic beats from ultrasonics then it would be _very_ easy to demonstrate, alas. They don't— the air is linear (except at insane sound pressures) so there is no interference. While the ear is not linear, it doesn't respond at those frequencies. If it really worked that way it would be trivial to demonstrate. Alas, it doesn't. Alas, they don't— you can easily demonstrate this for yourself. Startup an audio editor and generate tones at 25k and 28k (make sure you can't hear them— otherwise you have severe distortion screwing up your test) then play both at once. You will not hear a 3kHz tone. The tone you get from an acoustic beat is not a real tone— it's a perceptual quark that requires you to be able to hear the tones in the first place. Not unless you pass them through a non-linear filter like a distortion effect. (yes, the ear-brain system is non-linear too— but apparently it filters out the ultrasonics before they do anything measurable in this regard) Yea, and and if the bandwidth/storage is at all an issue 6x size bloat from 24/192 pays for 6 separated tracks. (Actually more, because multitrack is more losslessly compressible while 24/192 is less). If you're already providing multitrack then 24 bit audio would make sense... otherwise, meh. This isn't true. Sample a bandlimited impulse. The exact timing is encoded into the gibbs oscillations of the signal. So long as you have a high enough SNR you can have timing as precise as you want. (and because the ear doesn't work with ultrasonics— it is itself bandlimited— it uses the same phenomena for timing) This is the core secret of the sampling theorem. It says if you have signals of a particular type (bandlimited) you can do a certain kind of interpolation and recover the original exactly. This is no more surprising than the fact that you can recover the coefficients for an N degree polynomial using any N points on it, though the computation is easier. It turns out that if you reproduce a digital signal using stair steps you get an infinite number of harmonics— but _all_ of them are above the nyquist frequency. The frequencies below the nyquist are undisturbed. Then you apply a lowpass filter to the signal to remove these harmonics— after all, we said at the start that the signal was bandlimited— you get the original back unmolested. Because analog filters are kinda sucky (and because converters with high bit depth aren't very linear), modern ADCs and DACs are oversampling— they internally resample the signal to a few MHz and apply those reconstruction filters digitally with stupidly high precision. Then they only need a very simple analog filter to cope with their much higher frequency sampling. It uses energy to do so— just like a heat pump can heat your home with greater output than electrical input, but not no electrical input. The more exciting detail is that computation itself doesn't increase entropy, at least not if reversible computing is use. Only errors or, rather, their correction do... So things may be more rosy than you might guess: http://arxiv.org/abs/quant-ph/9908043 You probably know this, but for people that don't— "They are" is the wrong pairing. The subsidy halves every 210,000 blocks (~4 years) as part of the innate core rules of the system enforced by every participant. So it would be more accurate to say "They cut" (past tense as this was established years ago), or "The system will" (no human actor). Also it looks like the halving will be early December to late November. (The block number is fixed, not the time, and because the difficult updates lag rapid increases/decreases in computing power can shift the date around a bit) The bitcoin system adapts itself to keep the rate of coin creation constant. So it's impossible to say what their return will be in the future. Perhaps a few monts later someone puts out a run of 28nm ASICS at 1/4 the price with 4x the performance and they're bought in massive waves. You mean 3372% interest— The 7% number is _per-week_. Measuring the point where something becomes perceptually lossless is quite difficult because, by definition, you're measuring at the bounds of perceptibility. In terms of simple objective measures (e.g. the masking weighed SNR, http://people.xiph.org/~greg/celt/NMR.v.c.l.png ) Opus does better than Vorbis (and AAC) at high rates too. Between that and the overall better time domain performance, my _expectation_ is that Opus can become perceptually lossless at lower rates, but this is hard to validate. Getting the lowest possible average perceptual lossless rate is also a product of the encoder having a good psymodel, and released opus encoders have pretty much no explicit psymodel at all (but still manage to be competitive). So this reduces the interest in doing a bunch of very difficulty listening tests to determine the exact perceptually-lossless points, since they'll likely go down with near term encoder improvements. The IETF datatracker link is pretty useless. Pretty much anyone can make any claim they want there and there is no way to remove it. Its just a statement collector, not a review. Most of the results returned are against old versions of the specification, too. Thats a conversation from two years ago... But whats scary about it? What maintenance are you looking to perform on it? Thats code from the inner loop of the algebraic codebook decoder. Its operation is explained by a 117 line long comment in the source, and by a page long description of a simplified algorithm in the spec. Beyond replacing it with an alternative implementation which would naturally have nothing in common there isn't much to maintain in it (and that code itself has been proven correct through exhaustive testing as well as the partially-exhaustive unit tests for it included with the codec). Most of the codec doesn't look like that. Though it's not all easy to read— e.g. a lot of the signal processing stuff is intermediated by macros so that it works for both fixed point and floating point. And if you don't like it then, by all means, write your own. Having more interoperable implementations would be great. Most formats don't give you a BSD licensed reference implementation. ::shrugs:: I want to be really tall like a giraffe. I guess I'll go eat the leaves from the tops of the trees. Nothing is 'hidden'— the image is a stitched panorama from many smaller images, and they didn't (yet?) transfer some of the images which only cover the rover, presumably because looking at the rover is scientifically uninteresting. The black areas are just the boundaries of the missing images. The StorJ example mentioned at the top is pretty interesting: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=53855.msg642768#msg6... It's not resilient to such a thing. If you think _anything_ widely used can be, you are woefully underestimating the power of a modern major state. This isn't a question about technology; as much as the geeks love to obsess over it. Technology is just one part. Non-technology attacks are simply much more powerful. E.g. "Anyone caught using Bitcoin will be executed on the spot by large caliber fire from attack helicopters flying far enough away that you can't see or hear them targeting you", and suddenly Bitcoin is only some obscure and irrelevant thing— even outlaws have no use for outlaw 'money'. There is no question of _ability_ to suppress it, only a question of sufficient motivation. And motivation is where it comes up short. Bitcoin is just another thing people can barter. Not different from beanie babies or lumps of coal, and it shouldn't be legally or politically different. This whole weird concept of something being unlawful until proven otherwise must be some kind of crazy fallout from the drug and copyright wars, and I fear that thinking will greatly harm society in the long run. If Bitcoin turns out to be an efficient 'money' then sane and efficient governments should support it: because a more efficient money will make everyone more prosperous. Some people love to feel all counter-culture and subversive with their hobbies, but as disruptive a technology Bitcoin is it's just not politically disruptive. Most of the few establishment risks that go along with Bitcoin apply doubly to cash, the others apply to other valuable commodities that goverments can't just create out of thin air. The motivation to attack just isn't there. Er. Something doesn't have to be a _currency_ to report capital gains on them! http://www.irs.gov/publications/p550/ch04.html#en_US_2011_pu... "For the most part, everything you own and use for personal purposes, pleasure, or investment is a capital asset. Some examples are: [...] Any property you own is a capital asset, except the following noncapital assets." The definition of 'valid' is adapted by the system so that on a long term average the rate of new solutions is one per ten minutes. (The mental model of 'brute force a valid hash' is often unhelpful. Most people think of "given Y find a specific X such that H(X)=Y", Bitcoin is more like "Given P,B,T find any X,Y such that H(Time||P||H(B||X)||Y) Bitcoin mining is stochastic, and for a given current difficult each calculation performed by anyone has an equal very small probability of being a solution. Like throwing dice and trying to get a 1. If Alice mines 10x faster than Bob then Alice will find, on average, 10x more solutions. The widespread use of a money like thing _can't_ be undetectable by its very nature. If you have to keep it between trusted parties it's not money, it's hawala. :) They should do this anyways. It's well known to the technical elite that dragnet surveillance is going on— but it's not known to the general public. It's arguably immoral that the site doesn't switch to https by default and give the public the privacy they think they already have. As you say, some of the parties engaging in the drags absolutely do have the capability. But not all and stopping them has value. More importantly: A man in the middle attack is _highly_ detectable and will leave irrefutable evidence when detected. So it can only be used secretly if it's used very sparingly. And highly overt interception, if its even tolerated by the public, at least solves the problem of people having no idea (being in denial) they're being watched. Moreover, because MITM can be defeated by de-trusting the rogue CA or via key pinning using it for "mere" surveillance would destroy a valuable and potent weapon, so they won't do it. It simply isn't suitable for dragnet use. Its also practically much more costly to scale. (E.g. instead of passive optical taps and cheap packet sampling for targeting they must fully intercept all the traffic and decrypt/reencrypt before they even know if its "interesting") Simply making the watchers have to spend a lot more money per unit of traffic monitored is a win for civil rights because it should result in more conservative use of the capability. Without the crypto the surveillance is maximally cheap and undetectable... anything is an improvement even if it can still be compromised. It really isn't. It's only "zero" because you're greatly overestimating the cost of intercepting the traffic at all. To do dragnet surveillance you need an optical tap, an expensive phy, and a fairly modest number of gates to apply a stateless filter purely from onchip memory to capture 100% of interesting flows and grab some small fraction of all other traffic, and some modest switch fabric to carry captured data to a modest amount of storage and processing to deal with it. Programmed correctly commodity network processors for switches have all the right logic already, we're talking in the Adding a MITM attack on top of the model used for dragnet surveillance currently, which involves intercepting 100% of the potentially interesting traffic at all times, performing a costly public key operation per every single connection, and then reencrypting the results is insanely expensive by comparison. Before you even get killed by the crypto costs you've long since run out of memory bandwidth. Unfortunately Wikipedia chose to go with a separate cluster for SSL. If they ran SSL on their normal front end then it would already scale up to this: The public key crypto is free on hyperthreaded cpus because it can run currently with memory accesses for other requests, and modern CPUs have harware accel for the symmetric crypto that make it ~free. gah. _in_expensive phy. ESR isn't arguing that you shouldn't be able to license your things however you like. He's arguing that creative commons should not promote a license which has surprising negative risks and that they shouldn't associate their brand with a license which is bad for society compare to the most likely alternatives. Come on, it's only 45kloc. Do you go around insisting every non-trivial piece of software on hacker news is encumbered? And in most those cases people were not making a special effort to avoid being effectively encumbered, while Opus was. Right. This is the advantage of the IETF's patent policy, and it's one of the reasons we wanted to do this work in the context of the IETF. Yes, it's absolutely made for that, which is one of the reasons it has extreme bitrate and frame size agility. Though the decoder doesn't have a back channel to the encoder as part of the format (e.g. a duplex pair is not at all coupled by the codec and could have entirely different settings). So if you want to do rate adaptation the application will have to take care of telling the encoder that the decoder is struggling/losing frames/etc. The codec also includes a pretty good packet loss concealer integrated, and can also use forward error correction to reduce the impact of loss. It's actually in Firefox 15, not just nightly. People on Reddit are saying chrome's position has reversed but I don't have a link. Works in Opera already if you have gstreamer's opus plugin, and they've apparently said they'll ship it. The courts determine the applicability of single patents, or a single parties patents (e.g. in cases of misconduct). There is no legal process that can prove something non-infringing, unless you expect something to go to court millions of times. But this doesn't mean that something can't be designed in a way which avoids all known, and much unknown risk, and licensed in a way which makes frivolous attack less likely. The obsessives here somes forget that when we talk about comparing things what matters is the relative merits. The commercial codes are absolutely and uncertainly encumbered. And the commercial codec providers have generally had a poor track record of creating codecs unencumbered by third party rights (mostly because they don't make an effort to: they erroneously assume the regular royalties will satisfy all comers). Opus doesn't have these issues and even compared to most software an effort was made to avoid infringement, but nothing can escape the impossibility of absolute certainty under the current patent system. Mixed feelings here: * Knowing what the machine is doing is useful and important, especially while debugging. I think every really good C coder I know has been comfortable with assembly at least on some platform. But… * C is not a fancy macro assembler. C's behavior drives an abstract machine, and any machine code that achieves the same output assuming that all the C behavior is defined is equally valid. The believe that compiler is just transliterating your code to ASM is responsible for many serious bugs. C Compilers haven't been like that for 20 years (or more). E.g. aliasing rule violations. The fact that it isn't is utterly essential for performance, especially as things like good SIMD use become more critical for performance. Even when the compiler is mostly transliterating the expectations from the simplified mental machine model can be misleading, e.g. alignment requirements on load on some architectures. > There's no other site where I can talk and keep up with my grandparents, my college roommate, and my girlfriend simultaneously. 'Necrophiliac bestiality, of course! How else am I to screw my food while I eat it?' If these people mean something to you, then you should be able to find the time to have adequate direct person to person communication with them instead of broadcasting to them and your closest 600 best buds. If they don't— then why care? I certainly believe that you find Facebook useful, but don't overstate it. People have had friendships long before there was a friend button. > If a space faring species encounters non-space faring species, the one with warp is probably (not necessary) in the better position. I read a fun science fiction novella once about a interstellar space faring species that invented their warpdrive whatchamacallit before their industrial revolution, no electricity, machines, etc. Flying medieval space galleons. And they were going about successfully conquering a bunch of similar or more primitive species. Then they encountered 20th century earth... Wish I could remember the darn name. The journals do not provide the peer reviewers, it's _peer_ review after all. The reviewers are more unpaid academics. The journal's involvement is running an automated submission system that passes draft publications between authors and reviewers, and maintaining a list of reviewers (mostly built from previously published authors). Some journals have paid editorial staff however, that do useful things like copyediting. In exchange, the public has to pay $15-$30/ea (or whatever, it depends on the journal and field) for access to your papers; probably forever. It's a rent seeking industry that would make even the the music recording companies blush. Yes, they do some useful facilitation, but it's not commensurate with the (completely externalized) cost. It would have been funnier if the flaws in the reviewers arguments were a little more subtle, but this would have required the author to actually _read_ the papers he was criticizing. Even a bad reviewer that only skimmed half of the papers would have not made the errors in these reviews (e.g. saying things were unaddressed which were section headings in the original)... (1) Write webpage for people to 'safely' type their passwords in. (2) Replace Javascript (3) Profit! (Bonus: Give iffy password advice at the same time— "correct horse stapler battery" is only good if you're sure the attacker can't do a billion net-attempts per second. ... this tool tells you a random 128 bit long sequence of "a" "time" is insecure) My moves since I was a teenager were, by distance— 150mi, 10mi, 2mi, 3mi, 2mi, 400mi, 800mi, 2400mi. My nearest family member (other than my partner) lives 2500 miles away. Perhaps when you're a bit older you'll know that such condescension usually just makes you look silly? :P Facebook is not endowed with some unique magical distance busting power. Telephone, Email, IM, public websites, and postal mail all work over long distances just as well. Right— it was a gonzo commentary on the kind of justify-anything fallacious reasoning that comes imposing a mix of arbitrary constraints. "My helo-elephant is the _only_ peanut powered mode of transportation with automatic mouse avoidance!" True, perhaps, but when someone asks why you need a helo-elephant it's often not informative to just say what it does with more words... they're often looking for you to justify why you need to do those things (or do those things at once). Gets a few facts wrong— E.g. the maximum block size is 1MB not 10MB, and there is no facility to increase it without replacing all the software—it's as fundamentally hard to change as the supply of coins because it's also a scarcity which is essential to the security of the system. (without it, the system would rapidly become centralized as miners produced enormous blocks taking every single with-fee transaction; and then no one but miners could afford the computational, storage, and network costs of validating the gigantic blocks; nor would there be reason to pay substantive transaction fees to fund security). Overall it's pretty good. Inspired by the space cadet: http://people.xiph.org/~greg/xmodmap.txt Capslock is left control; left control is greek (gets the two sets of alternative characters listed in the file). task button is compose. I guess I can see how they could control for differential access to preventative care resulting in ER visits with worse outcomes, or dilution by people with insurance visiting the ER with less serious problems... Even how they could control for early treatment in an ambulance vs a drive in. But I'm interested in how they controlled for hesitance to go in the first place delaying treatment? Same condition, but you spent an extra half hour deliberating before going. They didn't have ambulances in your cousin's town? In particular, I find it odd that it seems rather more controversial than pumping much much larger quantities of CO2 into the air. I've seen many kinds of H1B employment. People with excellent skills and experience being paid competitive wages, people with reasonable skills being exploited at low wages at the clear expense of locals, and people who were hardly qualified to warm a seat being pulled in to pad up some contract as cheaply as possible. As usually when you paint with broad strokes you cover some dissimilar surfaces. But at the core the employment market is about supply and demand. Increases in supply relative to some demand decreases what a rational party will pay. It doesn't matter how kind, qualified, equally paid, etc. The increase in supply weakens the employees negotiating position. Are the employees entitled to the 'artificial' supply limitation created by national boundaries? Is it socially beneficial to reduce those barriers? Do increases in supply protect the industry and leave all employees better off in the long run and cause little harm because the demand is already so great? What policy decisions can mitigate the harm and maximize the benefits? These are interesting questions. But I don't think there is any real room to question if H1B's— no matter how well managed— harm employees short to medium term financial interests. This is good news— the rpi is really an embarrassing system. It is shockingly slow compared to other small arm systems clock per clock. A lot of people seem to be trying things on it that would be fine on almost any other arm SBC but fail on rpi… There are many alternatives which are much faster but none are within a factor of two of the rpi's price, so people keep buying the rpi and walking away disappointed. uhhh. You mean like shuf -n NNNN ? Well— it's supposed to halve forever, but it runs out of precision eventually. I expect the moon to be made of green cheese. ... GPU mining is still fairly profitable with the half reward for ~most people (those who don't have electricity over $.15/kwh or so). My expectation is that the difficulty is currently lower than its proper equilibrium because people have opted to not purchase more GPUs while anticipating the introduction of ASIC devices. Some useful arguments but the sarcasm isn't needed… And it belittles some of the complicated arguments such as: If you develop to the test, the test will always pass— but that doesn't mean that your software is any good. Loosely coupled development and testing can result in the tests being more powerful proxies for overall quality. > I assume archive.org has done their homework here, but IANAL. Bad assumption. Archive.org plays fast and loose with copyright law, to quote Brewster Kahle "Who's going to sue a library?" Leverage is a _return_ multiplier, including a _negative return_ multiplier. Another way of putting it is that leverage is a risk multipler. As an investment single family homes are not particularly attractive, a mortgage may or may not make sense depending on the terms, risk tolerance, and the expected market behavior... but it's really only the inherent shelter-short you suffer that makes a mortgage interesting in most cases. (Because that short is what makes not owning a home also risky) (%i1) float(solve(sum(y*1.08^x,x,0,25)=1500000,y)); (%o1) [y = 18760.69004076126] Rasing 1.5M in non-inflation adjusted dollars in 25 years requires saving only about $1563/mo. It's quite possible that they did better with their leveraged housing purchase than they could have otherwise since they needed housing anyways... but they were fortunate to be in a location that went up in demand, many places barely kept up with inflation. But raising 1.5M in 25 years is no astounding feat on its own. I've personally saved more than 1/3rd of my _pretax_ income over the past 14 years. Does that count? People don't talk in public about their finances very much, so I don't know about other people. Especially because when people realize you have healthy savings they start asking for 'loans'. Perhaps that is another benefit of owning an expensive house: it's a way to stash away value that less thrifty friends and family won't mistake for free money that you can give them. The long term housing values are net positive, yes, but not relative e.g. to the broad stock market. The fact that housing can be a "great passive way for people to save for retirement." is largely because they already need housing, which was part of the article. I wasn't stating that the prior poster's figures were correct... just pointing out that the 1.5m figure isn't that impressive and that achieving that depended on historically atypical appreciation, and that it could have gone the other way. I don't think there is any failure there: - You are inherently short the hypothetical minimum shelter requirement home— this is your future housing obligation. - You may also be long a highly correlated actual home asset. Appreciation of the latter is not beneficial to you when it is matched by the former. This means, for example, that you should think carefully before obtaining a HELOC against "appreciation" because you can have paper appreciation while staying equal or actually becoming worse off relative to your future obligations. There is an unfortunate flipside to this— people who show up with ALL CAPS demands, proclaiming your incompetence, because of some missing functionality that they believe to be so obvious but can't seem to completely explain on their own. The best way to respond to that is to politely request what you need and then ignore if they won't be helpful. ... but humans don't always respond in the best way: Another possible response is to respond harshly and critically in order to generate a hierarchy: "I am not here to serve you. Your patches may be accepted if it suits my fancy.". Neither extreme of being high and mighty nor of allowing people to simply abuse you is ideal. If it's (3) saying in _zero_ harm then it's almost certantly a lie ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linear_no-threshold_model ), if it's a (3) saying the harm is very low and so it wins on cost benefit — well, that is possible but it seems really unlikely considering how insanely low the base rate of terrorism is, much less the subset of attacks which the scanners actually prevent (vs just shuffling around the attack mechanisms). I'd hoped that rust would have a lot of powerful tools for typing and exposing invariants and contracts— tools to help create provably reliable software. As sexy as new programming tools are, the big problem in software today is that we simply can't manage the complexity of it and as a result _everything_ is full of bugs and unintended behavior. Addon layers like ACSL are hard to use and messy because they work at odds with the language, instead, e.g. of being integrated with the typesystem. I was hopeful that rust could really advance the art here in the context of practically usable systems (vs academic toys) and I suppose it does, but it also lost features for formal analysis between versions and as its now becoming stable I suppose they won't return. Perhaps I missed where it was explained— but I don't see how rust enforces the type predicates (e.g. acquire vs wait state) there without typestate. But the polar opposite where companies like qualcomm are aggressively patenting techniques their employees 'contribute' to LLVM/CLANG with nary a suggestion of offering licensing that makes it lawful for anyone to use... thats okay? What the FSF does has its costs and limitations, but when the mobile patent war spreads to LLVM and renders it unusable except in the underground and by a few large patent mongers, we'll be thankful for the FSF's licensing stewardship on GCC and the rest of the GNU projects. >rather, all the good methods of compression are being hoarded by patent trolls Nah, that is simply untrue. Theora was designed in the late _90s_ and targets a different computational envelope than AVC— it's pretty darn good compared to MPEG-2 (or even MPEG4 part-2/DivX) which are more contemporary. Today there is a much large computational budget available, plus new experience and understanding. The folks working on H.265 have already been producing material ( http://phenix.int-evry.fr/jct/doc_end_user/documents/10_Stoc... ) to counter the belief that you must have hardware accelerators for video decoding. And they have a point: the _screen_, radio, etc. ( http://www.ietf.org/mail-archive/web/rtcweb/current/msg03785... ) of most mobile devices is already using something like 90+% of the power, so even in the impossible case that hardware accelerators make decode itself use no power they can't make that much of a battery life difference, so long as the device was fast enough to decode in the first place. And this trend will only continue as devices becomes faster and process shrinks lower the computing per joule. But it's amusing to see some of the same people arguing that hardware accelerators were _must have_ are now arguing the opposite now that its their latest format which is suffering for the lack of them. It won't be in "webm" because WebM is a very narrowly defined profile of MKV+Vorbis+VP8 (which is important for compatibility), and Google already made a decision to not use Opus in "WebM" to avoid confusion. Perhaps you instead meant MKV? (now responding to the comment on frames/MP3) Yes. That is an issue for MKV with Opus. The problem is that the MKV container has no mechanism to signal a stream level or seeking level preroll other than just having frame boundaries. With Opus you need to seek several frames back and decode forward (not just a single frame) in order to converge. This isn't unique to Opus: Various video formats can be encoded with rolling intra (e.g. H.264) a mode which is useful for conferencing because it avoids fat keyframes. Since the movie 'backup' scene doesn't encode this way the mkv ecosystem's solution to these sorts of streams appears to be, so far, to fail to seek in them. I'm sure it will get worked out eventually. > they can keep the licensing costs for H.264 and its successors down. It's easy to speculate that if H.264 were the only game in town it would probably be more expensive That isn't even a very speculative speculation. The release of Vorbis triggered clear drops in the MP3 licensing costs— at a time when there seemed to be no other reason to drop the prices. Strategically, one major methods of success for royalty free codecs is simply to keep driving the— otherwise monopoly-class— profits out of the non-free codec space. They don't have to be the #1 choice to achieve this, just enough of a threat with enough installed base that the marginal cost of switching is kept low enough to present a real ceiling on the price of the non-free stuff. (Though the wider the adoption and the more competitive the harder and lower the price ceiling it creates) Especially once you factor in all the disadvantages royalty bearing codecs have: Overheads from profit motivated engineering decisions, the need to constantly cannibalize the last generations revenue stream to keep the installed base on the 20-year patent expiration hamster wheel, the non-trivial base of users that just want something that works and is easy to integrate who don't like having to apply and pay for licenses and track and report usage quantities, etc… it's pretty clear that the RF side will eventually win this fight so long as they keep cracking away at it. The only real question is how long and how many billions extra will the public pay before we get to that eventual outcome. > Perhaps if you are a Theora developer (or know one), you can clarify. I am a Theora and Opus developer, although I'm not exactly sure what clarification you'd like. I can tell you that in my codec experience the patents have seldom (never?) been a major direct barrier to progress by precluding an essential technique... By their nature they tend to not absolutely foreclose anything except outright copying a technique— and even then only in a specific context, and video coding and signal processing are old enough and mathematical enough that the basics are unpatentable. (Keep in mind— the patent office does not believe it allows patenting pure mathematics, their definition of "does not" and "pure mathematics" and mine may not agree, but their evil is finite and thus surmountable) The impediment from patents seems to most often take the form having to spend time and effort in patent research and negotiations, not being sure that you can just implement some randomly discovered research, erroneously discarding some useful techniques which could be used but isn't worth the effort to clear, and the cost of spending time with attorneys teaching them enough codec engineering— or, frankly, spending time correcting misconceptions on the Internet— rather than coding. Or in short, _A patent_ is almost never a big problem for a designer, but _the patent system_ wastes a lot of effort by creating big largely non-engineering overheads that sap engineers time and energy. The system also complicates or discourages cooperation by creating odd business motivations and incentives to be secretive (especially about defense strategies). But the non-free codecs suffer from some of these costs and pressures too— plus additional ones like arguing over which winners and losers get their techniques in the format and thus a share of the fees (and access to cross licensing). This mess also exists just as much outside of media codecs. But the enforcement is less active— I suspect partially because codecs are unusually attractive to monetize due to network effects (switching is MUCH more expensive) and because they make nice attorney-understandable atomic units of infringement that map to visible features. "I own h264, you have h264. Pay up!" works better than "I own computing the absolute value by this series of bit operations. You may or may not do this, I can't tell because of your obfuscated binary. Pay up! Maybe?". The network effect also makes very narrow patents more useful— it's much easier to write a patent that reads on implementations of H.264 (a single format with a fairly exact specification) than one that reads on any format similar to H.264. Very narrow patents are less costly to obtain and enforce (Less risk of invalidation), and the network effect says that you must implement H.264 not almost-H.264 so they are no less good at extracting royalties. But no one really cares if their kernel uses xor-linked-lists or not, and it's usually no compatibility problem to switch if someone starts making threatening noises. If you were thinking of Jason Garrett-Glaser's early technical analysis of VP8, I don't think he was saying quite what you walked away with... but it's also important to note that Jason didn't (at least at the time) have substantial video coding experience outside of his work on x264 (and some related things in ffmpeg), and didn't have substantial experience working with patents, and had never been involved in a RF codec effort of any kind (including the ones attempted in MPEG). He's "just" a particularly brilliant guy that came in writing assembly code like a force of nature and made x264 much better. To the extent that he could have been emitting the impression that everything in video is patented he would have been just repeating the not-very-well-informed conventional wisdom. Patent infringement is all about the fine details— so even a patent expert's off-the-cuff comments are going to be somewhat useless. I'd take Jason's thoughts on the latency of PAVGW as the word of God, codec patents, when he'd not even looked at the involved patents? meh. Later revisions of his analysis substantially softened some the remarks, but few people went back to read them. (I recall that I was especially amused by some of the things he derided as being 'unnecessary', as I thought I had a reasonable guess which patents Google/On2 had been specifically dodging). > a bit slower The rpi is far more than a bit slower, more than the cores and clock counts imply. The pi is a slower microarch and is cache deprived too. For somethings this doesn't matter but many of those things should probably be done on a proper microcontroller. The odroid stuff appears to have a lot of users too, and these devices are less 'weird' than the rpi— they're more like the pandaboard and beagleboard— so there are less sharp edges to figure out. The site is down now, so I haven't seen the article— but I hope it just says "(1) give up and beg the author for their implementation, which undoubtedly contains 2 megabytes of opaque unmentioned magic constants." Except that the access fees paid by any single large university would be enough to completely fund an open digital archive. Yes, the fees are paid to the publishers— who themselves do not pay the authors, reviewers, and even (sometimes) the editors of the journals. As part of the NYC non-profit high society Jstor is far from the most efficient non profit— but their fault is not their inefficient spending and high salaries. Their fault is facilitating a system which is amoral and harmful to society. Absent Jstor the universities and libraries would have an easier time reforming the system because writing a single big check per quarter wouldn't remove most of their problems (while leaving everyone outside of those institutions without access). It was Carmen Ortiz who was responsible for the unjust overzealous prosecution of Aaron Swartz which ultimately contributed to his death. Carmen Ortiz's blind ambition has caused her to run roughshod over people's freedom in the past: http://thephoenix.com/Boston/news/141253-15th-annual-muzzle-... We can only discourage the over-zealousness of prosecutors by making sure that it becomes a career limiting move instead of a career advancing one. Lessig was kind enough in his writeup to not name names: http://lessig.tumblr.com/post/40347463044/prosecutor-as-bull... but this kindness is both undeserved and unwise. Carmen thinks big convictions will get her a federal judgeship or other appointment. The public needs to make sure this isn't the case. Also applicable: https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/remove-united-stat... JSTOR has happily allows publishers to restrict documents which are lawfully in the public domain and over which the publishers have no say except via the TOS they clipwrap you with when you try to access them. Excusing JSTOR is like saying "Hate the game, not the players". While JSTOR isn't doing everything in their power to fix this broken system I say: Hate the game _and_ the players. The law already is what it needs to be. JSTOR has limited access— and continues to do so through their terms of services— access to even old documents which are already lawfully in the public domain. Read along side: http://thephoenix.com/Boston/news/141253-15th-annual-muzzle-... You couldn't a week ago. This isn't some accident. Their openness comes hard won with threats of their reputation. Their digitization is largely done by a for-profit company. It's not competitively bid. There are many parties who would digitize these works at no cost— archive.org and google for example, and could afford to do it without pay walling the results. In the US the metadata is almost certainly not copyrightable, no matter how laborious its creation was. A work must be creative to be copyrightable, and mere facts are not as a matter of law. > Many are the result of partial or complete university funding. The universities are not paid by the journals, — quite the opposite: they pay handsomely for access the work of their own researchers. Sadly, coercive plea deals are the norm in the US, especially in Federal cases. It's the same most places, but it doesn't have to be that way: http://digitalcommons.law.yale.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?artic... These are federal documents, they're not related to a living person, and there is no more case/investigation. Presumably they should be available to a FOIA request. Has anyone requested them? What he's missing is that he seems to think this is unique to gaming or tech news. It's not. I've worked with 'Journalists' from prestigious institutions like the New York times and the New Yorker, and it's little better. Collect some dirt, regurgitate some quotables with a little polish, copy some "facts" from Wikipedia (without attribution, ensuring that Wikipedia eventually cites the crap news article for non-factual facts), and we're off to the races. H.265 will 'add' a bit more than ten years of life to the encumbrance, so in that regard it is worse. The competitive pressure of RF formats against H.264 drove the licensing fees _very_ low (with many use-cases made no cost, but even the w/ fee cases are basically 1/10th the AAC royalty rates). H.265 looks like it will have many more patent holders too. But it will likely be several years before there exists an even incomplete H.265 pool license, so it may be a while to see how much worse (or better) the rates are compared to H.264. There is no shortage of laws against criminal conspiracy and contributing acts which are applicable for the scenario you describe... but they charge the property instead of the person because the property doesn't have civil rights and so the states' burden is much lower. Civil forfeiture is outright evil. Wink and nod arms-length crime can be handled without it. No, because the government attempted a civil forfeiture. See also: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Just-world_hypothesis No pity required— that man doesn't exist. If people actually thought that way they'd be disabused of the notion after the first few counterexamples they encounter. Just-world, like other stereotyping biases is so insidious because the mistaken belief starts with the truth: "The government is usually right, so it's (very likely) right in this case (and the rightness justifies the outcome)". You can, perhaps, debate the "usually" but that misses the point: In terms of _justice_ and human rights it is improper and immoral to reason using coarse prior probabilities: You should be no more likely to convict a black person because statistically black people commit more crimes, people should be judged on their own merits. The underlying fallacy in many instance of just-world is the mistaken belief the its proper to apply your belief that the world is generally just to a specific case of potential injustice. So there is no dissonance for most— they think "well, I always believed the government was only usually right. No one is perfect, and see— the system worked!". That Wikipedia article appears to have been whitewashed. So much for justice. Testing with a single not very representative clip is a poor idea, See the comment on the github: https://gist.github.com/4645784#comment-756444 Because of texture this clip benefits enormously from 8x8 transforms (as well as substantially from an activity masking aware encoder). On an intra frame in prior testing Theora did enormously better than VP8 on this clip for these reasons. If your test was to compare an intraframe between vp8 / baseline h264 / and Theora, you would have concluded Theora was the best by a wide margin. But this would be an erroneous conclusion. And sure, perhaps you'd get the same result on other clips. Over high-profile H264 the only obvious format feature that come to mind that could really let VP8 get ahead are the 'truemotion' intra-predictor and creative use of the synthetic reference frame (though I suppose the vp8 developers might have other suggestions) and I'd expect those features to only be big wins on a small number of clips so it wouldn't be hard to miss the cases where VP8 really shines over high profile h264. But you (or I) could have said that without doing the test at all, and there would be 100% fewer clueless people going around claiming that something was proven here that wasn't. Your opinion (or mine) is a fine thing, but it's not proper to launder an opinion as fact by dressing it up in an inadequate test. > pessimistic arrogance [...] > Self-esteem, needless to say, was definitely not Aaron’s problem. Probably the first comments I've seen about Aaron since his death that rang true to me as someone who'd interacted with him. :P :( But sometimes the arrogance and self-importance is just a shield that hides something more fragile on the inside. After hearing about his suicide, I'd just taken that to be the case. > While I can empathize both with academics who might either want to monetize their research or those who might want to make it freely available to all—the choice, ideally, should be the authors’ It's unfortunate to see that the author here wrote in such length about a subject that he is obviously pretty clueless about. The authors of academic publication do not receive royalties for their publications, peer reviewers are— likewise, unpaid peers—, as are many (though not all) journal editors. None of the people responsible for creating these works are getting paid. Their only choice in this process is the choice to publish with established and prestigious journals. The journals are what put up the paywalls— but in the US they don't have a lawful copyright interest in the works. You've misunderstood that defintion. Economically speaking fiat is a currency that exists by rulemaking instead of having an inherent value— it's constructed. The definition doesn't say who does the constructing or how. Bitcoin is a fiat currency— the fiat is embedded in the software that runs on and is enforced by all the Bitcoin nodes, it's the rules that make the currency exist and work. It's largely immutable, participated with by consent, transparent, and cryptographically strong in the way no government fiat is— bit it is technically a fiat currency. This is no big deal unless you make the Internet-liberitarian/goldbug mistake of thinking fiat is a dirty word. That is confused. If I smash the hope diamond and then get the pope and four world leaders to urinate on it— then surely the resulting mush would be the most rare and costly constructed substance on earth. It would also be worthless. You're making the mistake of consulting a medium writable by throngs of InternetLibertarians™. :P There is nothing inherent in the economic concept of a fiat currency of government. What is a law or a government in any case? Bitcoin is created by rules. The rules are embedded in a program instead of a law-book. The governed users opt in by using the software rather than by living in some geography. The rules are enforced by being mathematically unbreakable rather than with courts and prisons. These factors alone shouldn't be especially significant, other than that they make Bitcoin more just and efficient. > and splitting it is ad-hoc patchwork What are you talking about here? > The network was obviously not designed for such a thing Are you talking about Section 7 "Reclaiming Disk Space" and section 8 "Simplified Payment Verification" in the initial design document, which have a profound influence on the design— as Bitcoin uses a hash tree to aggregate transactions instead of just a simple hash in order to accommodate those design features? > There is still no easy integration method with extant payment systems. Unfortunately existing online payment systems are highly reversible for months after the transaction completes. This is problematic for many kinds of merchants and it's one of the reasons that digital goods sales on the Internet have mostly been a failure outside of a few special marketplaces. > In many cases you must supply a lot of personal documentation to do anything meaningful on the exchanges. This is common anti-money laundering law conformance— same thing you deal with w/ paypal... not exactly a limitation of Bitcoin. > The system of block verification makes it impossible to do truly instantaneous transfers. Nothing requires you to do payments in Bitcoin by directly transacting on the Bitcoin network. Scalability and speed require that not all transactions are made directly— likewise, the USD is a dumb piece of paper that can't be sent over electronic networks... and yet the USD is a widely used currency. You can do instant transaction trivially in Bitcoin, e.g. using mtgox codes and less centralized systems can be built if anyone cares. > The system is vulnerable to 51%+ attacks. Can you suggest any currency or system of agreement that doesn't have an analogous weakness? At least in the context of Bitcoin the things a majority hashpower attacker can do are strictly limited: they can reorder transactions (and only recent ones unless they are a very big supermajority). Compare this to a government created currency which can be inflated boundlessly by a small percentage of the population choosing to mint a trillion dollar 'coin' on a political whim. > single-home GPU farms are going to be enough to compete Mining's rewards are linear. Participants make on average their share of the new coin relative to the computing power they provide to secure the currency. And indeed, it's specialized. Is the USD uncompetitive because printing your own gets you imprisoned or gold uncompetitive because gold mining is hard? Get a job, Kid. It's a currency not a free-money-for-nothing-thing. > Many of the perceived benefits of bitcoin are illusory or misunderstood. Well, that's true of many things. > every transaction ever made with bitcoin is published publicly Not so— a significant fraction of transactions are made off the blockchain, perhaps even a majority. Even within the blockchain the transactions are pseudonymous. > I have "actual reasons" for it. You may, but many of your perceived weaknesses are also illusory or misunderstood. > A currency that doesn't have (at least most of) these issues will be super awesome, and bitcoin is an important predecessor, but it's not the end of the story The most important difference between Bitcoin and your hypothetical perfect digital currency is that Bitcoin exists and it works. Satoshi didn't waste time waxing philosophical on the internet, he shut up and wrote code. If there is one thing you could learn from Bitcoin, this should probably be it. God forbid you want to save the data for personal archival or bulk digital analysis. If they allowed that you might defeat the museums careful control and curation of the data and potentially even use it in ways they don't agree with! :P It's patents, so the terminology has to be confusing! The "First to" is speaking about what happens in an interference proceeding between two patent applicants. What counts as prior art is largely unchanged— it's arguably even strengthened a bit (as a dishonest player could previously get away with more backdating of his lab notebooks). Third party— that is, not derived from the applicant's work— public practice (which is pretty broad, including publication and use in a product available to the public) is an absolute bar to patentablity. After one year the "not derived" part goes away and even the applicants own publication (and work derived from it) constitute prior art. (this was all also the case before, though the details a somewhat subtly different) To quote the statute: (a) NOVELTY; PRIOR ART.—A person shall be entitled to a patent unless— (1) the claimed invention was patented, described in a printed publication, or in public use, on sale, or otherwise available to the public before the effective filing date of the claimed invention; or [...] (b) EXCEPTIONS.— (1) DISCLOSURES MADE 1 YEAR OR LESS BEFORE THE EFFECTIVE FILING DATE OF THE CLAIMED INVENTION.—A disclosure made 1 year or less before the effective filing date of a claimed invention shall not be prior art to the claimed invention under subsection (a)(1) if— (A) the disclosure was made by the inventor or joint inventor or by another who obtained the subject matter disclosed directly or indirectly from the inventor or a joint inventor; or (B) the subject matter disclosed had, before such disclosure, been publicly disclosed by the inventor or a joint inventor or another who obtained the subject matter disclosed directly or indirectly from the inventor or a joint inventor. I don't know how anyone can call it a Bitcoin competitor. Instead of a proof of work decentralized consensus ripple depends on a consensus of _trusted servers_. In Bitcoin language ripple is distributed but not decentralized. Then multiply that out by the fact that its native currency XRP was all pre-created and given to the founders and their org... people like to call Bitcoin a ponzi scheme, but policies like this make me wonder if Ripple isn't a joke designed to point out the comparative equality Bitcoin provides. It might be more accurate to call it a paypal competitor but it retains the Bitcoin scalability challenge of requiring global synchronization, so its unlikely to be a great one. > which is the problem Bitcoin elegantly solved. I like this solution as well. Why do you like it? The ripple model depends on picking trusted servers which cannot be controlled by the same party/common interests. The system cannot automatically pick trusted servers because there is no electronic way to determine independence, except the way that it currently works— fiat of the developers: they hardcode the servers. To me it seems that when encountering the fundamental problem bitcoin solved, "How do you achieve a fair consensus when its cheap to make sibyls?" their response was to completely punt on the issue. They can be useful experimental platforms... also, the fundamental rules of Bitcoin are fixed— changing how Bitcoin works could be rightfully argued as theft from all the people who hold Bitcoin at the current moment. If you wanted something like Bitcoin but with different properties, different security, different inflation— an altcoin is the only way to get it. Unfortunately, practically all altcoins have been almost identical to Bitcoin. > There are simple ways to gather lists of likely independent servers. For example, agencies you trust could publish such lists. This isn't a procedure, it's a hand-wave. How do the agencies make their lists? And why should I trust them? If I can trust the agencies, why don't I just have them process all the transactions and then dispense with the inefficient global consensus stuff? What happens when courts order the agencies to direct people to processors who seize particular funds or block particular traffic? When the agency servers are hacked? https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Hardfork_Wishlist https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/User:Gmaxwell/alt_ideas If you use blockchain.info you're depending on a central server. Might as well use paypal— at least they are regulated. The multibit client is a much better, though still reduced-security, option. The sync comments there are outdated— I installed a new Bitcoin node two days ago and the sync only took about 2 hours from nothing. You've seen the first one, right? http://xiph.org/video/vid1.shtml They take an insane amount of work, so they are slow in coming. This latest one had about 50kloc of code written to build the demo software, animations, and to improve the FOSS video editing software that was used. > Can the converter itself not create the signal incorrectly? Certainly the converter can be bad or malfunctioning... but there is only one bandlimited signal that passes through the sampling points. The ideal behavior is perfect and described by simple (if surprising) math and we can measure any converter against the ideal. It turns out that _very_ good converters— ones with variation from the ideal are at the level of the thermal noise in the electronics— are commonly and cheaply available. There was another chapter of the video that got dropped due to length, the desire to get something shipped, and because the tone didn't quite fit with the rest which compared the performance of a couple of consumer grade DAC/ADCs and basically showed they were all very good. Hopefully it should make its way out as 'bonus material' sometime soon. How does this compare with Mozilla Persona? Persona uses cryptographic tokens so that identity providers can't spy on what sites you're using, and can't selectively deny service to various sites. I think that people should resolutely refuse to use any identity service that doesn't have at least those properties. I'm wondering if you watched the video yet? It spends some time on exactly this point. > as there's so much more that can go wrong Uh. Everything that can go wrong in C can go wrong in C++ by definition. C++ also adds a lot of extra things that can go wrong which don't exist in C. There are plenty of arguments to be made for C++ over C but "so much more that can go wrong in C" is not one of them. The C++ FQA is strongly recommended reading: http://yosefk.com/c++fqa/ There are plenty of malloc alternatives (tcmalloc,jemalloc, etc)— and yet I'm not aware of any that has bothered with a realloc_only_if_you_dont_need_to_move(). I'm not aware of any higher level language construct that reduces to that— where your program flow changes depending on details of the systems memory management. If this were an interesting case, I would have thought someone would have implemented it somewhere. Seems to me that you're making a weird strawman argument there. 0.8 clients were wrong to accept it, because doing so caused a failure of consensus. Unfortunately the limit that was hit (which isn't quite as simple as 'size') was implicit in BDB and how Bitcoin prior to 0.8 used BDB. So no one was aware of it. Extensive testing during 0.8 turned up several consensus breaking issues that were created during the database switch out, and very large blocks were tested... but the particular kind of very large block required to reveal this difference in behavior was not. The fork is now resolved, sites like mtgox should begin processing deposits again after a couple more blocks. Sunlight is the best disinfectant. Aaron's name was released in all the court materials— those of his accusers should be too. One of the most awesome things about this is that there is a tremendous profit reward from diamond consumption brainwashing— so tons of money flows into doing it. Profit available from stopping it? Probably none unless you're going to just replace it with another kind of brainwashing. Often the truth is simply out competed by manipulation in the market because the truth belongs to everyone and can't be monetized well. After seeing my girlfriend's Facebook session plastered with wedding crap and her recently married friend's Facebook plastered with baby crap it became clear to me how potentially harmful to society as a whole this grand brainwashing infrastructure— all of these advertising platforms invading every moment of our lives— we've built is… and I try to stay as far away from it as I can. Because that is all I can do: I certainly can't outspend it. An illicitly copied movie is still fun to watch— even if none of your friends watch illicitly copied movies. Illicit money? Thats _far_ less useful. Money like goods get their value from being accepted as valuable by large numbers of people. It's a simple sequence of opcodes: https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Script The code has been thoroughly audited by many people with substantial experience. Finding an important flaw in Bitcoin would be a major feather in any Whitehat's cap, and a major skull on the mantle for any blackhat. Script adds extreme flexibility to Bitcoin, allowing the complete decentralization of services which would otherwise require trusted servers like escrow. It is statically validated and purposefully not turing complete. For extra conservativeness scripts not matching a set of standard forms are ignored by the unmodified reference software until transactions show up in blocks. This is important because its what makes it possible to build other safe distributed transaction systems on top of Bitcoin... it's also what will allow Bitcoin to backwards compatibly upgrade its signing primitives if ECDSA begins looking weak. C not for applications? (or LISP for that matter) A little bias showing there. It depends on how you're defining "executable instructions". There is a small set of operators and a single conditional. No looping, etc. It's strictly less powerful than CSS, for example. The implementation is a very simple loop over a switch with a simple 'stack'. The size of a script has a hard maximum of 10kbytes. Chaum's system was centralized. A chaum token bank may be blinded but is still a great big single central point of failure and control— they can still inflate the currency— they can still selectively deny access. The centralization created a huge operating risk and would make any such effort untrustworthy just from the perspective of political exposure. The whole point of Bitcoin ( http://p2pfoundation.ning.com/forum/topics/bitcoin-open-sour... was to build a zero trust decentralized system. Chaum's system provides some properties "perfectly" but they aren't the properties such a system needed to have in order to exist, much less be successful. Funny how random HN posters seem to have better reading skills than PHD holding paper authors and their peer reviewers. > Some rules, though, are social. For example, why does everyone try to extend the longest branch in the block chain? Sure, the protocol says it's the rule, but why should that mean anything? People don't follow rules because they want to. They follow rules because it's in their enlightened self interest to do so. You're taking a fundamentally confused position here. Consider: You have UberCoin— it is whatever spherical cow cryptocoin. EvilPal(Inc) then forks UberCoin and replaces its insides with a frontend to their EvilPal website (which then also copies in all the UberCoin ledger). By reduction, all digital currency systems are "social rules". It's not a useful description. The longest chain rule is a rule that comes about for creating consensus in the system. If you change it in yours you will eventually break off into a private universe. The behavior actually does work by construction— but like my EvilPal example, that doesn't stop a stupid user from changing their own software to break off into another universe. If you would like a longer formal analysis of the consensus mechanism in Bitcoin please see: https://socrates1024.s3.amazonaws.com/consensus.pdf > the 51% attack, which is pretty serious flaw even if to carry it out is unfeasable There isn't anything magical about the number 51, the original Bitcoin paper gives a program that can be used to compute the success probability for an attacker with a given share of the computing power to reverse transactions to a given depth... At >=50% the probability becomes one but at that point only if the attack is of infinite duration. But, for example an attacker with 40% hashpower can reverse six blocks with a 50% success rate. Any kind of consensus system is going to be vulnerable to a majority attack of some kind— otherwise you'd have "minority imposes a wrong outcome" attacks. At least in Bitcoin the "consensus" only controls transaction ordering: a majority attacker can't inflate the supply or spend other people's coins... they can only DOS and remove transactions from the fixed consensus (and thus replace their own). Which is powerful but still limited. I'm not contradicting myself: In the same comment I wrote "It is statically validated and purposefully not turing complete". There is no contradiction between between being very limited and also allowing extreme flexibility. I don't think many people here would agree that CSS is "executable code", and yet CSS is turing complete and substantially more complicated than Bitcoin's script. This is why I said it depends on what you mean by "executable code". There is nothing that is jumped to, no looping, the processor never jumps to and runs anything fed in off the network, etc. Just a simple set of operations for manipulating a stack and doing comparisons. But, even though the implementation is simple the results are powerful. There are several implementations of script evaluation— I can think of at least 6— now though the reference is by far the norm on full nodes. Yes, indeed. And yet he thoroughly and aggressively misunderstands Bitcoin. They also claim that Bitcoin stores its data in HTML files and other crazy stuff that made it clear that the paper must have somehow passed review on the name alone. Just so— and most sane Bitcoin users hold this position too. It's only a small number of vocal extremists that create unrealistic rants. > "that all Americans are created equal..." Except the ones the executive branch orders to be assassinated: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/03/05/us-targeted-killing... It's unsurprising that the "SEO" industry is taking gender equality seriously: They obviously wouldn't want to besmirch their reputation for ethical conduct. Ugh. Promotes (or, at least, inadequately rebukes) the bad and common misunderstanding that quantum computing provides a _general_ exponential speedup. It does not. QC is only even theorized to provide a exponential speedup for a few things, for other things QC cannot provide a better than sqrt() speedup (and this is tightly bounded for general non-linear search). I strongly recommend Scott Aaronson's thesis http://www.scottaaronson.com/thesis.pdf for anyone who doesn't want to be made QC-stupid by articles like this. The beginning is interesting and generally accessible as it goes into the details you need to be comfortable with linear algebra to follow along. I'm quite confident that he wouldn't have. There were two small dogs. One red and one blue. One day the red dog found a bone and the blue dog was jealous. The blue dog appealed to the queen and the queen said "spongebob rutabaga" and there was never again a red dog or blue dog. Now you are all as enlightened as I was after reading this story. Will be pretty funny when we get a matching duty for their services thats twice as much as typical salestax. :) https://socrates1024.s3.amazonaws.com/consensus.pdf Not simply "most": "Virtually all". A split that was near 50/50 (e.g. 'most') would be an utterly pessimal outcome, while a 99.9/0.01 split is probably pretty harmless, at least if you talk in terms weighed by some kind of amorphous economic significance. Bitcoin is a distributed consensus algorithm. Software which implements a subtly different algorithm might be able to join the consensus until some case arises which triggers the difference, after that consensus between the implementations would be impossible. Unfortunately, it's rather hard to demonstrate that two dissimilar complex programs actually implement exactly the same function. This is doubly true because performance is very important, so some techniques that might help— e.g. define a kind of abstract turing machine, write the rules for the distributed algorithm in its language, then different implementations use the same rules and only have to prove their turing machine implementation is functionally identical— aren't readily available. It can be hard to gain confidence through testing because some of the most important rules are for cases which are forbidden, so these cases will not show up on the production network— they only happen when an attacker produces them. There are an infinite number (subject to memory, and already the function input is gigabytes of data) of valid and invalid cases, so exhaustive testing of the whole function is not possible. They can also arise out of implicit behavior, "what happens when this value overflows?", "what is the maximum size of this structure", etc. This is further complicated by the fact that Bitcoin implementations use third party code that wasn't written with this kind of must-have-exact-behavior in mind. The reference implementation uses things like OpenSSL's crypto and bignums, various boost data structures, BDB (previously, now leveldb)... and subtle potentially undocumented and unknown behavior from this third party code may be leaking into the definition of the consensus algorithm. The reference implementation has been slowly disentangling these dependencies, but things like the hidden BDB locking limitations (which depend on the layout of the database on disk) are easy to miss. (Third party code isn't just a reference implementation issue, e.g. BitcoinJ's full node code has had algorithm inconsistencies arising out of undocumented behavior in a database library it uses) Satoshi's answer for this was that there should only be one implementation of the full node software. However, "create your own Bitcoin implementation" seems to be the new millennium's "create an IRC client" so it seems that this is unrealistic... and there have been more than a half dozen attempts (including two nearly complete ones in java, two in C, three in C++, one in Haskell, one in erlang, one (two?) in javascript, as well as several non public ones (including one in ruby, I think)). It assumes an anonymous protocol. The identity of the nodes does not matter. > a step towards proving that there will always be a polynomial time attack against such protocols I had considered that to be the definition of a majority consensus. I find it sort of surprising that you'd think otherwise. Lets just assume that some alternative protocol has a property where a an attack with the >50% computing power would be ignored. Then it follows that it would also allow an attack with Even if you dispense with all the crypto-computing-power-mumbo-jumbo: A _consensus_ ultimately depends on linear energy applied to an attack. Lets imagine a magical version of Bitcoin solves the sybil problem completely and counts the consensus of _users_ instead of computing power. China (for example) could reorganize the consensus by spending a lot of energy to manufacturer a lot of additional people. So long as the attacker put in more energy mining people than all the honest participants they'd always eventually win. Short forks happen all the time, it's a natural consequence of the finite speed of light. So long as any divergence is detected and resolved within the window of typical forks (e.g. The natural thing to accept is the history acceptable to most distinct makes of software (least common denominator) which would be the automatically successful one with no intervention at all if not for the extreme consolidation of hashing power on a couple overly large pools. In that particular case it was weird because something like 80% of the public network nodes / users / services were on Whats your leverage? Browse over to about:memory I run nightly and I don't use addons beyond adblock and don't run flash so perhaps my experiences are different, but I haven't had problems with Firefox leaking memory in a couple years. The profiling tools at about:memory may let you see where things are breaking. Thanks, Mr. McCullagh, for doing some actual journalism and not just repeating a rumor. An example of the bids and asks on one exchange: http://bitcoincharts.com/charts/mtgoxUSD/accumulated_orderbo... I'm sure there is truth to an argument that people with 'intense' opinions are over represented in trading activity, leading to increased volatility then there would be otherwise... but this is far from unique to Bitcoin. This is good news: Don't pretend to not be logging something they're actually logging (and, can't really choose not to log since they can be ordered to secretly do so). This has an expedient solution of only making devices which are able to play DRMed media (perhaps with permissive flags), and having all authoring tools use a per-user content creator key. Then the same broadcast encryption keying that allows players to be selectively disable also allows the cracked transcoder to be disabled. Of course, this isn't terribly compatible with general purpose computing but operating systems intended for the public have been moving away from general purpose computing for some time and tables and mobile devices are pretty close to that now. If we go far enough down that path the makers of these handicapped devices can even get legislative help in preventing competition from more user friendly devices by outlawing their sale as was the case for macrovision. Indeed. It doesn't surprise me that the actual freedom available to users wouldn't be important to them, but it surprises me that the Bug#1 would have spoken so clearly about it if they didn't understand the issue. I must confess to giggling at the authors examples of 'signal': > "Lots of signal. Lots of friends becoming parents. > Getting engaged. Couples falling in love. Babies. [...] > Friends and acquaintances off on adventures. Beautiful > mountain photos [...] Family outings. [...] orphanage > a good friend of mine runs in Nepal. [...] updates on > the dog back home on the east coast" All that stuff sounds like the expected output of a random human condition generator. Knowing those things wouldn't change my life at all. I trust that that kind of stuff is happening all on its own without having to take any of my attention. Different strokes for different folks, I suppose. However, I suspect he may be missing the mark because the audience he's addressing with his "just use hide!" may well be like me and find all that stuff inane. 'Use hide to reveal the signal under the noise' doesn't work when there is no signal. Which section of the §215 authorizes this activity? Perhaps it's performance art. They'll have a great big community on a pervasive surveillance platform in order to be personally the first against the wall. Sorry for the wall of text. I think this is a place where the people on Hacker News can actually _do something_ about the surveillance. But bringing in a bunch of unformed yelling people into the IETF won't help. Bringing in a bunch of concerned but informed people _can_ make a difference. But like most things that make a difference it will take a bit more of your time than just clicking a form. This is why decenteralized systems are important. WebRTC itself can be used in an entirely peer to peer manner. Do you foresee CALEA being successfully imposed on open source software (e.g. firefox) where users connect directly to each other without an intermediate server? > I don't think this is correct. You may have adopted a somewhat definition of interception then I was intending there. Certainly it will not prevent traffic analysis but the content of the communication can not be discerned by a computationally bounded adversary under the assumption that the underlying cryptography is secure (and if it isn't... there are bigger issues). Modern cryptography isn't something you just wave CPU power at: the energy required to crack these constructs via brute force on non-reversible computers is not currently available to man kind. > 2) Persona does not prevent against MITM. Persona is, effectively, a distributed PKI system that binds ephemeral signing keys to a human recognizable identity. There is, in fact, a draft on using Persona (or any other cryptographic identity service) to authenticate the WebRTC session IDs: http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-rescorla-rtcweb-generic-idp... but it only protects against server-cooperating MITM if DTLS-SRTP is used and not SDES. > Unfortunately you always need someone in the middle because even in 2013 probably 99.9% of 'things' on the internet are behind NAT Having a signaling intermediary and and ICE/TURN service to get past NAT is completely orthogonal to having ephemerally keyed end-to-end encryption which cannot be tampered with by site controlled JS. With DTLS-SRTP you can have a conversation signaled and NAT traversed by, say, Facebook which cannot be spied on by Facebook without— at a minimum— causing the two endpoints to show and record different session fingerprints making any interception detectable. > This is silly and trying to tie it into the recent NSA revelations is disingenuous [...] (a) will not be enabled by default; the developer would have to enable it explicitly?* ; The point of showing the relationship here is to point out that site/service operators ("The developer") in your example cannot be trusted to not be coerced into acting against the user's interest. > (b) is mainly intended for compatibility with existing SIP systems WebRTC cannot be directly compatible with existing SIP systems because the data transport channel must use ICE to negotiate permission to send. (Otherwise JS bugs on webpage could turn random browsers into traffic flooders. > where the server can do whatever kind of interception it wants by modifying the page JavaScript SDES always sends the cryptographic keys to the signaling service, so the traffic can be undetectably captured. DTLS-SRTP does not make them available at all— even to the JS. So you never get unconditionally undetectable capture— at worst you get is capture which is only detectable by users that bother to page-info->media->session ID and compare. > a downgrade attack Whenever a less secure channel exists you can be forced into using it by blocking the more secure one. In particular, the thread model pointed out by the recent revelations is that the "developer" (site operator) can be secretly acting against the user's best interest. > NSA taking over WebRTC Huh? I wasn't ambiguous about who was pushing it because I wanted to suggest it was some shadowy force. I don't think it particularly matters _who_ is pushing it. I believe that when technology creates backdoors available to third parties those backdoors will eventually be used. As an engineer in this space I believe we can only protect the public by building systems which, to the best of our ability, are structurally immune to being subverted. Various well informed parties ( https://twitter.com/ioerror/status/66237140035579904 ) have been advocating DHE ciphersuites for some time... but they aren't widely used. (Though Google is— now— a major counterexample) If you hold the theory that the traffic is being intercepted and the parties have compromised the TLS keys: The test for complicity is obvious: failing to rotate out the TLS keys, failure to HSTS, and failure to switch to EDH ciphersuites everywhere. These are all moderately 'cheap' steps if you believe you're being compromised in this manner. Yeah, but you'd need a Dynamic Tasking Control Protocol. A big mirror makes a big beam. Some of these warnings start delving a bit too close to "Warning: Competent C programmer detected", ... too eager to flag "less common" usage like the dreaded 'original definition of the insertion operator' rather than specifically targeting things that are genuinely suspicious. A lot of people— sometimes the most technically competent ones— were busily telling them that wholesale surveillance was infeasible... greatly underestimating the available funding and ingenuity. So it was easy to imagine that only a few things were being intercepted: Communications be an amorphous "bad people". A distant problem for someone else. In the mean time digital communications devices, cloud services, social media, etc. have become increasingly central to our lives— mediating more and more of our most private communications and storing our most trusted data. Most of it has built on an architectural house of cards which provides little systemic security beyond "hasn't screwed you yet". The fact that this is happening to _everyone_, that the data is being correlated and stored— perhaps forever— that the argued legal basis of the program itself is cloaked in secrecy, that the public has been denied the ability to question something that potentially impacts the entire world, that the leaders of technology companies that we trust with our most personal data are either clueless or lying— as they make claims that appear to contradict the whitehouse. And now it's becoming clear enough that its harder to say "well, maybe it isn't really happening" (even as you say "which may ver well be fake!)or "the black box rooms are for someone else" and so instead of ignoring it people are being forced to process the information. Some of them feel violated and upset. "Hasn't screwed you yet" is starting to look a little too weak once considered in the sunshine. Not if Mozilla itself doesn't have the data. A major part of the purpose of persona is to build a system that designs out the capability to engage in surveillance against the users. Avoiding the overuse of classification doesn't automatically mean creating a live feed of all troop motion. You're using a strawman argument here, I think. Knowing the location of the troops months or years ago isn't likely to cause much harm: A competent enemy can probably know all that anyway, if they care to. Perhaps not a good mix with all those offshore-for-tax-reasons assets! > Note that these folks have the same college loans to payback This isn't always the case: http://www.studentaid.ed.gov/sites/default/files/public-serv... (At least employees of the ACLU foundation are eligible for loan forgiveness, and $59k is low enough that it would actually matter) The same kind that run third party provided spyware on their personal computers in order to take exams in law school. (In other words: Practically all newly minted attorneys in the US) There is no education in law school in the US at least on responsible data handling, and— in fact— schools often direct students to behave irresponsibly with respect to data security. Sure, the practice is ubiquitous Example software and policies are things like: http://www.exam4.com/ (used by Harvard, George Washington, etc) http://www.law.wisc.edu/help/for_students/securexam/ http://www.law.columbia.edu/academics/registrar/Laptop_Exams https://www.law.umich.edu/currentstudents/registration/exams... Most (all?) schools offer students the ability to take their exams on paper, but doing so is a substantial competitive disadvantage because examinations are usually timed and writing on paper is much slower, students are marked down for legibility and copy-editing noise, etc. I don't have a citation studying it— but by all appearances it's only a small minority of students that opt out of using their laptops. ("Most Stanford Law School students take their examinations on laptops") IIRC the California bar exam now also uses one of these spyware exam packages. I'm mostly amused that we have a whole information-security critical profession who is nearly required to behave negligently wrt information security from day one. :P Overheard on IRC: "Mr Snowden's employer, defence contractor Booz Allen Hamilton, said on Tuesday it had fired the 29-year-old infrastructure analyst for violating its ethics code." … They found out that he had some. You're prohibited from running it in a VM, and at least some law schools have the students sign some form under penalty of the school ethical code yadda yadda that you won't do that. (And then— some students do it anyways, because thats the only way to use it on their otherwise non-supported system or because of some other incompatibility. And nothing comes of it... I guess until something does. Better not make too many enemies) There is also a difference between not having younger people (like, ahem, '30') in charge vs not even having them as part of the discussion at all. Experience has value, so does a diversity of backgrounds. Presumably the authorities in question avoid issuing gagged orders to anyone who would use such a thing: They're likely to fight the gag, or likely to leak— better to use another approach. Facebook? Hah, NSA— you almost tricked me into clicking on that. You keep making these statements but they don't agree with your own links. "The National Security Agency has obtained direct access to the systems of Google, Facebook, Apple and other US internet giants, ___according to a top secret document obtained by the Guardian___." (Em mine) This is text from the message of yours which you are linking to here. It agrees with the quote bstrand provided. > Please share your vision of that party's platform. "It's like libertarianism meets communism but with promiscuous transparency and cryptography instead of classlessness. Get ready people, Libercommusharepunkism is about to disrupt!" The story is missing some context for me. I can see how banks could induce default by putting people onto modification trial payments for long spans then denying the modification and demanding the difference... but what crazy incentive structure made it in the interest of bank employees to do this? Like a lot of things I think this stuff will make more sense if I could understand how the incentives were setup. Thanks! Thats exactly the detail I was missing. Doesn't eliminate the non-trivial cost of enforcing access control, which is a major part of the point. It isn't a new one— it's the longstanding behavior with respect to information held in third party care. Whats changing is how powerful a surveillance tool it is— especially with service providers intentionally blurring the boundary between local and cloud data for unrelated business reasons. In 1787 there would have practically no reason for you to hand over your most personal papers and effects to a third party. Today its increasingly hard to avoid and can even happen without any real knowledge or consent. The obvious fix isn't statutory: Keep your private data local, don't use software that will cloudify your data without your knowledge, and when you must use third party systems always use encryption. ... but this is complicated by the fact that there are multiple industries whos revenue is threaded by prudent behavior like this. Hopefully they'll realize that taking the immunity only solves the lesser of the problems this presents and they'll provide the resources needed to create the legislative change to insure privacy for the data they hold in trust. But maybe it's just cheaper to convince everyone that they don't need any privacy? I still think we should have pointed out that the same thing that makes feistel ciphers invertable is what makes integer lifting invertable. Yup. There would be no problem raising _reasonable_ costs to relocate them. I suppose this certifies the authenticity of the released claims, for those who have been continuing to deny it: If the documents weren't real he'd just be a liar and lying in the media isn't generally a crime in the US. It's weak speculation, and hardly related here. If we allow our suspicions to recurse, perhaps I might suggest that your comment here is in fact disinformation designed to make people concerned about Barrett Brown's treatment sound like a bunch of conspiracy theory wackjobs. :) > Wouldn't the PD need to show in court why they suspected you in the first place? No, not really. They have to show e.g. probable cause but they can happily use secret information to create serendipity: "We happened to be parked outside the suspect's location at just the right time to wittiness them talking to a known communist sympathizer." Its not unusual for information from paid informants to get washed in this way in order to conceal their identity and prolong their usefulness. Endorsed by a brain. Because the US is not a monolith. Though there is no need for dissonance. Openness comes in degrees: Android is pretty open compared to IOS. Firefox OS seems more open than Android. The FSF would point out something like that the Firefox OS devices still use binary blob video drivers. Without the basic hardware/software ecosystem that android has supported it isn't clear that Firefox OS could (so easily) exist. Modern smartphones have substantially reduced platform openeness and freedom compared to the desktops of old, but the ratchet doesn't only click one way. It's a 501(c)(6)— the fact that they are a non-profit is something you should have known in an instant if you bothered looking. Even their bylaws are online: ( https://github.com/pmlaw/The-Bitcoin-Foundation-Legal-Repo/b... ). ::shrugs:: The bylaws github page is linked on the Bitcoin foundation's website. > The Bitcoin Foundation has not filed any documents with the SEC according to an SEC EDGAR search, nor can I find any existing IRS 990 record. I'm not a lawyer, and especially not a corporate lawyer, but I think you're required to file with those entities if you're a company and if you're claiming nonprofit status, respectively No. SEC only deals with publicly traded corporations, and only some non-profit organizations must file a 990. Bitcoin foundation hasn't existed long enough for any 990s to be publicly available in any case— they're filed a year behind and there is usually a year lag before anyone posts them. Strong crypto is only one step... but it's the no brainer softball step, it's _just code_ and it doesn't have to have any gnarly UI impact. We won the important battle getting the regulations largely out of the way. If we can't achieve pervasive always on encryption— and at least kill passive dragnet content collection dead— then can we achieve anything at all? Where are the documents? The text seems to be referring to something that isn't showing up for me. There isn't really a "flood" of newly minted BTC. The system performs closed loop control keeping the supply relatively constant. Absolutely, but what makes you think that the people with increased hash power will have less tight handed behavior than the others? Why not the opposite? NEON isn't GPU, it's just the ARM equivalent to SSE/MMX. (Though a fair bit nicer to work with). It doesn't require extensive refactoring. There are patches to use SIMD that aren't merged yet— though pure C improvements have tended to be more important since NEON isn't available on all ARM parts. There is Opus support in VLC, but I don't believe that RTP is working for it there yet. (Obviously simple HTTP streaming works) No go for RTP— as thats not the standard and an additional container doesn't provide anything useful, but its fantastic for HTTP streaming. Uh. On a Raspberry Pi you should be using the Opus encoder compiled as fixed point. It will be a _ton_ faster than Vorbis, as the floating point on the rpi is very slow and there is no fixed point vorbis encoder. (Unfortunately, if your input requires resampling, there isn't currently an option to compile the opus-tools front end to use the fixed point resampler, so that will add some slowdown— I guess that should go up in priority) Although ... rpi ugh. I often feel that device was an evil scheme to turn people off of arm. It is _remarkably_ slow for its cost and power consumption. For $100 you can have an arm device which is easily 32x faster for most DSP-ish stuff, and which draws similar power. I seem to remember it being mostly advertising even in the early 90s. My thought on the headline was "and nothing of value was lost", but thats perhaps unfair since the last time I looked in one was probably 20 years ago. I'm trying to think of some that doesn't work in the pattern of " will prosper until governments or banks decide to crush it". Excepting the trivial cases of things that won't prosper regardless, I'm not coming up with anything. :) Some of the assumptions in the article seem pretty weak to me: E.g. "Anonymity threatens control" uh, cash is a lot more anonymous than Bitcoin. The structure of cash's anonymity limitations are somewhat different than Bitcoin's but it's hard to argue that Bitcoin is too different on that point. ... and it's not just cash, any other valuable commodity is fairly anonymous, and easily argued as more so than Bitcoin— yet, as far as I am aware, there is no great effort afoot to outlaw coal. AES of a counter and a key set from a table based on your CPU serial number also "meets various standards for RNGs and the dieharder tests don't show anything of concern". And, of course, if you make it the kernel /dev/random you're making it the source of randomness recommended for long term keys and other important things... while you don't know what the users will use it for, you can safely assume it will include some of "the most critical of applications". Even reversing the silicon won't likely help— and, uhh. Reversing a state of the art CPU is not do-at-home stuff. The reason it won't help is that the design is _explicitly_ microcoded. E.g. RDRAND triggers running loadable microcode which is supposed to read the real RNG and AES it. Maybe there is an unrelated "bug" that allows that microcode to be corrupted after some particular instruction sequence happens. All your investigation would turn up everything looking like normal. The annoying thing is that the Linux RNG is really limiting without something like RdRand. It used to be that most drivers contributed to the randomness pool, so it seldom ran short. It used to be that you could configure the size of the pool, so if you were running short you could make it larger. But then it was discovered that the pool resizing had a locally exploitable vulnerability so it was removed, leaving it always at the smallest value; and it was realized that many driver sources weren't very random and/or were externally controllable so most were removed. The end effect is that much server hardware only gets about 50-100 bits per second added only to a pool of 4096, and /dev/random is constantly running out leading to weird performance problems (like ssh connections taking a long time). This results in a desperate need to replace /dev/random with something like RdRand when it could just otherwise be another untrusted contributor if the rest of the system around /dev/random were sane. Meh. Simply making the default pool larger would go a long way towards moving systems out of a desperate situation. With that done there would be a lot less reason to short circuit it and go RdRand only. No one is concerned about RdRand as a contributing source— with other genuine source of randomness RdRand isn't likely a back door once mixed in. This doesn't preclude RdRand from being _worse_ however. If your software— by design— eliminates side channels and isolates out timing. Then your hypothetical evil AES() would have a hard time screwing you over— it still might, somehow, but the window may be very narrow. The only way to narrow the exposure from a bad rdrand is to never use it directly (e.g. without whitening via a CSPRNG with other truly random inputs). P4 micro-optimization. ... what the heck are people doing here that this is relevant to their interests???? :P CMOV on current CPUs is quite fine— when it doesn't make a dependency mess, when the alternative is a poorly predicted branch, and when the dual execution is cheap / can be hidden. The purpose of running a distribution— any distribution— is to outsource a bunch of basic work that all systems need. After all, I could do all that stuff myself just from source, but I'd like to get something _else_ done with my life too. The problem with Gentoo is that it just doesn't have an active enough development community to keep up with that task in the way that Fedora, Ubuntu, Debian, or even arch can... so you're stuck doing a lot of stuff yourself, or using old software that you wouldn't be otherwise. Important bug fixes get left marked unstable forever, etc. I think this is really unfortunate because Gentoo does better capture the inherent advantages in running an open source operating system. As an upstream developer, I've found that Gentoo users seem to pretty much the only GNU/Linux users who send _patches_ with their bug reports— even more so than the _packagers_ of other distributions. It's especially remarkable when you consider how many more users these other systems have. I don't believe that it's just because Gentoo attracts the geekiest of the geeky, it's because the distribution inherently gives all the users the tools to contribute back and makes them take some of the startup costs, empowering them to contribute. I wish all distributions were more like gentoo. Innovations in other areas are also important, but there is something to be said about recognizing what makes your system uniquely good and maximizing it— rather than imitating the competitions' strengths... in contrast to what I see with the major distros copying MSFT's and Apple's Signed-everything secureboot stuff, and their bondage and discipline tablet oriented UIs. http://www.hardkernel.com/renewal_2011/products/prdt_info.ph... The U2's ( http://www.hardkernel.com/renewal_2011/products/prdt_info.ph... ) are great, and the performance is a substantial multiple of the RPIs. One of the issues with arm is that its a whole separate world of compatibility and performance from x86— it's easy to get a order of magnitude less performance accidentally if you're not careful with what you're buying. I'm sure the same is true for x86 too, but people coming from that background have the experience to avoid it. I'm really looking forward to getting a Cortex-A57 based U2 like device, aarch64 sounds fun. Access to data isn't the same as having enormous databases of it, there are whole categories of abusive use for which moderately costly individual access is harmless but a big database is terrible. Yea, great so you complain about that and then they solve just that narrow case. Doing so reduces some fringe harassment risks, but actually makes the power inversion worse since then only a privileged minority has access to the data. In practice the stalking/harassment stuff isn't actually happening with any great frequency: The mentally ill people who would do this are generally not competent enough to go on a big data data mining exercise. Complaining about that just creates an excuse to remove access to the public to data they're paying to create while leaving access to it to authorities and commercial interests who might use it against them. If your nutrition is poor enough you will be dead. It is well established that dead people necessarily have low IQs. Q.E.D. I thought we started that program in the 80s? Part of the potency of FUD is that it's so easily believed and you'll seldom ever hear FUD from someone who doesn't personnel believe it. It shouldn't be a personal insult for someone to call out potential FUD when they see it. At the same time— a lot of well respected people also called it out and did not participate. (And made all the same points which are also obvious in hindsight...) This was one of several rumors he benefited from (and carefully, quietly encouraged). There doesn't appear to be any strong factual basis for it beyond speculation, but it sure helped people believe the insane rewards. It doesn't really make a ton of sense when you think about it: "Laundering" Bitcoin doesn't really do you a ton of good as you still end up with a bunch of inexplicable Bitcoin, and if you were laundering it a service where people put coins on deposit and then got returns forever doesn't produce the right kind of transaction patterns for laundering. Who cares about "real currency"?! It's irrelevant here. Say you own a bunch of coal. Some guy tells you that if you "invest" your coal with him he'll return 7% of it per-week risk free. He returns a bit and then he vanishes with all your coal. The fact that coal is not a currency is irrelevant. Its something valuable to you and you got scammed out of it by a phony investment. > Testing is so easy to fluff over. Good testing leaves artifacts, bad testing is easy to fluff over. I'll put an example in techie-English: Say the government has a giant No-Bus-list of suspected naughty people that shouldn't be allowed to ride busses. The complete list is highly secret, because we wouldn't want people improperly listed challenging it in court. Ahem I mean we wouldn't want terrorists to change their strategy to evade. A Bus operator needs to query passengers against the list, but doesn't want to tell the government the names of all their passengers (Because they know the government will leak the data to their competition. What? You thought they cared about privacy? Give me a break). So what the government does is computes a digital signature for each national ID number in the naughty list using a private key known only to the government and puts the digital signature instead of the name in a bloom filter. They send the whole bloom filter to the Bus operator. (The bloom filter is much smaller than the list— which is good because the list is gigantic) The bus operator learns nothing about the list except an approximate upper bound on its size. Then when a passenger shows up the bus operator encrypts the passengers ID number and sends it to the government— imagine the encryption as a sealed envelope. The government can't read it because it's encrypted. The government performs a blind signing operation— sort of like signing a piece of carbon paper inside an envelope without opening it (this requires the encryption and signing methods be a kind that allows for this) and sends back the blind-signed passenger name. The Bus operator decrypts to obtain the signature and checks it against the bloomfilter. If they get a hit on the filter they redirect the passenger to Guantanamo for enhanced interrogation. (A bloom filter, of course, has no false negatives: exactly the property we need to keep America safe from Terrorism) Indeed, I wondered if the dark humor of the last comment might be a little too subtle. :) One of the bummers about this scheme is that it doesn't have the property of making the bandwidth for all queries constant (get the bloom filter) instead of linear in the number of lookups that the regular non-private use of bloom filters has. But thats the tradeoff for the bi-directional privacy. I could actually imagine a production system using this, which is something I can't say for most privacy preserving query techniques. It would be nice if the substance of the article actually backed up the title... it doesn't really show this: Yes sure, it's more portable: but plain C is way more portable still. The places where assembly is justified these days tend to be SIMD inner loops where intrinsic use isn't effective (e.g. due to compilers being pretty lame at vector register allocation) and where a lot of gains can be had by bitops level micro-optimization that depend very precisely on the instruction behavior. I would be surprised if writing LLVM IR was actually better than using intrinsics in these cases. If it were so it would be neat to see it— an example of taking some well optimized multimedia codec library and converting (some of) the SIMD asm into LLVM IR and showing equal performance would be impressive. Vendor lock-in isn't good for users either. A lot of people agree with this thinking. It's not the only possibility— e.g. Bitcoin could putter around for a long time basically where it is now, maybe acting as a very mild threat the keep the alternatives on their toes enough that Bitcoin never gets widespread adoption. Right now it's possible to make a decent amount _today_ with mining as a small / hobby business, supplying coins to people who don't want to get into the mining stuff, without engaging in major speculation yourself. The supply of "subsidy"— newly created coins— declines exponentially over time. So a long time before all 21m is mined, sometime around the year 2140 the amount of new coins created this way will be insignificant. Bitcoin transactions can optionally provide transaction fees which are paid to the first miner to include their transaction. Blocks have a limited size in order to prevent the biggest nodes from centralizing the system by producing more load than smaller ones can handle, so there will be competition for access to that limited space. Miners can then be funded collecting these fees. > what I meant by a waste of electronic computing power is that it does nothing for the world beyond pumping out more bitcoins. This is a deep, though common, misunderstanding of what mining is for. The purpose of mining is to achieve consensus and protect transactions against reversal. The dissemination of new coins is a wisely-aligned side effect. The computation here is computation spend making the history of Bitcoin secure and permanent. It's not a waste. Maybe. Puttering could still have a small positive or negative slope. Green addresses, specifically, are not a great solution because they thoroughly disrupt Bitcoin's privacy and frangibility model by making that source identification highly public. But fortunately you can do something which is almost exactly equal: Have the trusted party just hand a buyer a signature of the transaction ID, which they hand to their vendor. No one but the involved parties see the data... and it allows other models like ones where you retain control of your own funds and the signing party just agrees to take the risk the you cheat (and the cost of tracking you down if you do). He didn't even write the scrypt integration, IIRC Artforz (author of the first GPU mining code) did. But hey, there sure were a bunch of lines of code changed to change the name! :P The propagation times are very important here. You can get away with faster if and only if the network communications latency is low enough. If blocks are too fast you start getting very large reorganizations. Today litecoin has almost no transactions, so its lower interblock time is not a problem... Yet. This has shades of a comparison between security by architecture vs security by agreement/trust: https://groups.google.com/d/msg/mozilla.governance/tMt7-amcK... It's been being weirdly suppressed on reddit: http://www.anonmgur.com/up/17832a6eafb09376d012090ff1b06dbe.... Every time a thread on this hits the top it gets mod-deleted. My first experience with proper olive oil was ordering some from http://www.amphoranueva.com/ after one of their coratina oils was suggested by someone on some forum who'd done chemical assaying on a number of oils looking for polyphenol content, as relevant to some moderately supported study results on positive health outcomes. I couldn't have been happier with the result... and even if you use a fair amount of oil it still takes a while to go through 750ml of the stuff, so that fact that it's $18/bottle doesn't break the bank. (and it keeps well if kept isolated from air and light) Er, well, I mean used properly: raw in food, not for cooking. You shouldn't heat good evo as its smoke point is lower than random supermarket mystery olive oil, and heating it removes most of the flavor anyways. Opinions may differ though, I could certainly see some people really disliking the grassy acidic flavor of strong EVO. Sad to see it not make the Kelly criteria argument for ruin, even where there is a positive scalar expectation: http://r6.ca/blog/20090522T015739Z.html Kelly criterion has nothing to do with the marginal utility you gain from more money, it's about the risk of ruin in an iterated game. And indeed, you can say that purchasing one ticket is a one-off event... but if you buy that one, why not every one that happens when the expectation is in your favor? Thus the risk of ruin becomes interesting to consider. Pfft. If they were doing things like that then they would have blocked or best-offered the purchase of ICQ by the mail.ru folks. facepalm One thing you could do is take an interesting piece of subject matter from later curriculum (like next years or later in the current year) and present it as a puzzle for the students to explore with the inquisitive techniques presented in the paper. Award participation credit, etc as relevant to help keep people engaged who need it. The fact that it's "future" material can also help students who need the extra goals pay attention. Most likely you can't actually cover the required curriculum like this— as you note, a lot of things do not lend themselves to compact discovery. (It's all ashame, it's not like the students actually retain into adulthood all those procedures that they don't really understand in any case :( ) But maybe you can still inspire people with a few things which do lend themselves to compact discovery, and that inspiration may also make the rest of the subject more accessible to them. "This things have a reason and a pattern to them, even if I don't know what it is right now." I had some challenges in math in school because I studied calculus, analysis, linear algebra, discrete math, etc. on my own and would derive solutions— sometimes the same as they wanted me to memorize, sometimes not— on my own instead of memorizing the fixed routines, and this was unwelcome. It would be nice if more teachers made an effort to at least not penalize students that were independently interested. Yup, same in the rest of the civilized world. People scaremongering about Bitcoin and taxation really have no idea how taxation works. Sure, there will be small amounts of fraud— there always is— but if cash didn't kill taxes, Bitcoin sure won't. The incentives are just setup to make tax fraud at any real scale unattractive. It's intentionally non-spendable, by doing so it keeps that data from having to be stored forever in the dataset used for block validation. Good to know that _none_ of the technical people or authors of the software are important as far as NY is concerned! :P personally I was more amused by the "ordinary course of business" defense— that an otherwise (as argued by the plaintiffs at least) unlawful activity could somehow be made lawful by it being part of the defenses "ordinary course of business". I look forward to seeing bank robbers use that one. :P The government didn't seize Bitcoins, they seized USD. But your general idea cannot work either. Bitcoin is _primarily_ a zero trust system, the vast majority of the system's rules are autonomously validated by all the participating full nodes. Straight up reassigning coin would require changing the Bitcoin software _everywhere_, not just winning in a consensus algorithim. The Byzantine Generals problem only comes into play when deciding transaction _ordering_, since in our universe ordering can't exist as a simple decentralized function. Moreover, the ordering work is cumulative to make it jamming resistant. The consensus can't undo a little piece of ordering in the past and leave the rest alone, changing any of the past requires rewriting all the future consensus as well. [Edit: I'm sad you deleted your post. The misleading title making you think they seized USD wasn't interesting, but I think pointing out that your idea to simply retake stolen coin isn't as easy as you thought was substance for an interesting discussion] > What is this trying to accomplish? Did they really think the Guardian has the only copy of that data? Of course not. The idea was to frighten people who haven't been obedient and to create a lot of costs to reduce the profitability of running stories on unwelcome subjects. > People your you you you your you you you they You them you they People who do not understand technology to the depth and detail that you do are not halfwits or children. They know what they intend to accomplish and giving up their most personal information for perpetual archival is seldom a property they are asking for. If the technological tools they possess do not faithfully obey their intentions with a minimum of unintended side effects then the problem is with the technology or the services not the user. Technology is neat and important, but it exists to serve the user. Faithfulness to the users needs and intentions are the only criteria by which we can judge technology. What they patented, however, is more broad than that still: 1. A computer implemented method of scoring a plurality of linked documents, comprising: obtaining a plurality of documents, at least some of the documents being linked documents, at least some of the documents being linking documents, and at least some of the documents being both linked documents and linking documents, each of the linked documents being pointed to by a link in one or more of the linking documents; assigning a score to each of the linked documents based on scores of the one or more linking documents and processing the linked documents according to their scores. Shared library code already gets shared, so this may not be as bad as you think. It's pretty sad, considering that if the buyer sent the bitcoin address to send to through paypal you can prove to paypal cryptographically beyond any and all doubt that you really sent the coins. Even when someone isn't claiming their account was hacked (which would be a problem no amount of cryptographic proof would solve) paypal simply doesn't care. I guess that really sums up paypal: Paypal doesn't care. More info on the #bitcoin-otc advice on paypal: http://wiki.bitcoin-otc.com/wiki/Using_bitcoin-otc#Notes_on_... > PKDF2 is worse than bcrypt (by roughly a factor of 5) Both Bcrytpt and PBKDF2 have security parameters. You can make them whatever ratio you want. (also scrypt) I especially like it when "don't use MD5!!!1!!" cargo culting causes someone to switch off _md5crypt_ to plain, unsalted, sha256 as a password hash or kdf. The best protection is having nothing to leak. There are better alternatives to Zerocoin that don't require "adoption" because they don't change the protocol... in fact, they cannot be blocked: See CoinJoin https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=279249.0 They can police it just as well, in complinance with the law by granting him a license. "We'd rather not bother you, but this guy who charges us by the hours insists that we spend many of his hours sending weird pointless letters. To wit: To whatever extent you need to license our mark, you hereby have a license to use it to show if our site is down or not. Have fun." Perhaps. But the problem is that we don't actually know any specific way that NIST could have selected malicious ECC constants. So the problem is that whatever bad property they might have selected for may also exist in your randomly selected ones. > However the ones used for ECC are not of this type. Yes they are. The P-XXXr curves which are used by most of the ECC using web (and Tor, when it uses ECC) were generated by using a deterministic strongly pseudo-random procedure which you can repeat for yourself. See page 187 of FIPS 186-3. Okay, I need to eat my words here. I went to review the deterministic procedure because I wanted to see if I could reproduce the SECP256k1 curve we use in Bitcoin. They don't give a procedure for the Koblitz curves, but they have far less design freedom than the non-koblitz so I thought perhaps I'd stumble into it with the "most obvious" procedure. The deterministic procedure basically computes SHA1 on some seed and uses it to assign the parameters then checks the curve order, etc.. wash rinse repeat. Then I looked at the random seed values for the P-xxxr curves. For example, P-256r's seed is c49d360886e704936a6678e1139d26b7819f7e90. _No_ justification is given for that value. The stated purpose of the "veritably random" procedure "ensures that the parameters cannot be predetermined. The parameters are therefore extremely unlikely to be susceptible to future special-purpose attacks, and no trapdoors can have been placed in the parameters during their generation". Considering the stated purpose I would have expected the seed to be some small value like ... "6F" and for all smaller values to fail the test. Anything else would have suggested that they tested a large number of values, and thus the parameters could embody any undisclosed mathematical characteristic whos rareness is only bounded by how many times they could run sha1 and test. I now personally consider this to be smoking evidence that the parameters are cooked. Maybe they were only cooked in ways that make them stronger? Maybe???? SECG also makes a somewhat curious remark: "The elliptic curve domain parameters over (primes) supplied at each security level typically consist of examples of two different types of parameters — one type being parameters associated with a Koblitz curve and the other type being parameters chosen verifiably at random — although only verifiably random parameters are supplied at export strength and at extremely high strength." The fact that only "verifiably random" are given for export strength would seem to make more sense if you cynically read "verifiably random" as "backdoored to all heck". (though it could be more innocently explained that the performance improvements of Koblitz wasn't so important there, and/or they considered those curves weak enough to not bother with the extra effort required to produce the Koblitz curves). It leaves the specifier of the parameters free to pick ones subject to arbitrary non-disclosed criteria, subject to the limitation that criteria happen frequently enough relative to how many times he can afford to run SHA1. E.g. If he can afford to run SHA1 2^32 times as part of preparing a curve, he can pick curves that have non-disclosed strengthening or weakening factors which tend to be found at random 1:2^32 times or more often. Basically it shows that the parameters are random subject to a computationally bounded attacker. But the bound is unrealistic: They're only random if the attacker tries only once. As the attacker tries multiple times, he gains selection over the parameters proportional to his effort. E.g. he could pick curves that have twists with particular structure, or which are have pairings to extension fields which he could solve the discrete log problem in. (This is only mostly speculative: Certainly there are weak curves which occur with this frequency, the procedure itself directly excludes one type: supersingular curves. If we didn't know that the DLP problem was trivial over super-singular curves then this exact procedure could have selected for them or excluded them without revealing that the selecting party was doing anything non-public.) This wouldn't be alarming to me except for how trivial it would be to provide a higher level of assurance in exactly the same framework: Start with an initial sleeve provably specified after the framework with no control over it, and increment it one at a time and take the first set of parameters that pass. Failing that, a very low entropy set of parameters (like starting at zero and incrementing) would produce good evidence that the parameter selecting party wasn't selecting based on hidden characteristics. I note that the brainpool curves ( http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5639 ) come much closer what I'd expected had been done here. There is no specific reason to believe ECC methods on these standard curves (or other well selected parameters) to be insecure. But at the same time if someone argues that the NSA could have influenced the parameters to create hidden weaknesses predicated on math unknown to the public, that argument can't be denied. It might even be supported on the basis that they could have easily closed off that argument but did not. (OTOH, equally I could argue that the same selection may have been used to make it stronger). As far as RSA goes, their usage involves fewer free parameters... but to get RSA up to the security levels people are demanding today require increasingly large and slow keys. If the crypto is too burdensome it'll get avoided, and thats worse than whatever speculation you might have about NSA weakening of EC systems. Please reread my post, you seem to have misparsed it. I was not saying that we don't know how they were generated, you can see that I was posting otherwise at the same time elsewhere. The parameters are derived from the SHA1 of high entropy values of unspecified origin. It means they very very likely couldn't have algebraically produced a single set of specific magic evil values that enabled them to crack the cryptosystem, a true backdoor, since it would have been computationally infeasible to get SHA1 to output the right values. However, they could have tried billions and billions of sha1 seeds looking for parameters which met some unknown to us characteristics which made the parameters stronger or weaker. Their "veritably random" procedure could have easily foreclosed this possibility, as was later done for some different parameter sets, but they did not. I've actually seen someone choose to use Dual EC DRBG until I yelled "NOOOO DONT": Their software was implementing ECDSA signing, so all the primitives were already there! Seemes kind of odd to fixate on a self-contained copyright license (The license of GCC doesn't impact the code compiled with it) while at the same time the LLVM/Clang contributors are not required to release their patents for use, and some (many?) of them are filing patents on techniques they use in LLVM. To me it seems that they are ignoring an important practical concern (usage of LLVM/Clang may be unlawful in the US and Europe without going out and obtaining patent licenses) in order to address a purely philosophical issue with no practical impact. It's sort of amusing how the tables have turned over the last twenty years. Twenty years ago it was the FSF/GNU crowd who was making impractical decisions for philosophical/political reasons. ... and as time has gone on the practical importance of strongly free software has become greater and greater. > there are no secrets once you are in. Which is why this guy is feeling around in the dark with bit-errors, because even though there are no secrets on the inside not a single one of intel's 104k employees is willing to throw this guy a bone. Right. Many people aren't aware of it but the backend Bitcoin system has no concept of "addresses". Instead when you make a transaction it specifies small bits of forth-like program code ( https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Script ) that provides rules that redeemer of the coins must satisfy to spend the coins. The normal 1xxx addresses are just template for a ECDSA checking script. There are also 3xxx addresses where the address is a hash of an arbitrary script, and the redeemer provides the script and satisfies it. This can enable powerful applications like "trustless escrows" with no mediator trusted to hold the coins, or bindings to external zero knoweldge proof systems ( https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/User:Gmaxwell/why_hash_locked ). In the posting linked here the author has paid funds to be redeemed by someone who can provide collisions for a non-linear (SHA1, RIPEMD160, SHA256, RIPEMD160(SHA256()), SHA256(SHA256()), and ABS() are the respective bounties) Anyone who has Bitcoin can add to these bounties by simply sending funds to the respective 3xxx address which is a hash of the rules that check for a collision for the given function. The Bitcoin system itself arbitrates the rules, so there is no other party that must be trusted to pay or whom could withdraw the bounty after you begin your effort. The SHA1 bounty has address 37k7toV1Nv4DfmQbmZ8KuZDQCYK9x5KpzP ( https://blockchain.info/address/37k7toV1Nv4DfmQbmZ8KuZDQCYK9... ) A disassembly of its script is: OP_2DUP OP_EQUAL OP_NOT OP_VERIFY OP_SHA1 OP_SWAP OP_SHA1 OP_EQUAL Or, in English: Duplicate the last two elements on the stack ([A] [B] -> [A] [B] [A] [B]), then compare if the top two elements are equal and push the result, if they're not equal remove the result and continue processing, then compute the SHA1 of the top element on the stack ([A] [B] -> [A] [sha1(B)]), then swap the top two elements ([sha1(B)] [A]), then compute the SHA1 of the top element ([sha1(B)] [sha1(A)]), and compare the result. If the final state is true the script passes and the spend is permitted. Yes, or _disclosing_ one (see the 'Why hash locked' link for example of how that can be used to bootstrap more powerful protocols). No problem, a lot of the "block explorer sites" give a very highly cooked view and really obfuscates the underlying behavior (e.g. makes transactions look like they have a from address, translates scripts into addresses and don't let you see them directly, or doesn't show output indexes, etc). There really isn't a good low level viewer out there other than the Bitcoin-qt debug console or the bitcoind rpc. Not a shame: At least so far as has been envisioned proof-of-stake doesn't appear to actually work. The fundamental problem with proof of stake is that there is nothing at stake: Its in your rational best interest to mine all possible subchains that you can mine in, and not only in the single unique chain you believe to be most likely to survive, as is the case for PoW. PPCoin's security is not provided by proof of stake but by cryptographically signed lockins broadcast to the network by its creator... so you have to trust this anonymous party to behave honestly. It sort of defeats the purpose of having a cryptocurrency. Ripple is even worse in that regard— an opaque ledger implemented via a closed source system. How many lives are lost by the increased range that people drive because the TSA is obnoxious, or because of ever so slightly reduced preference for telecommuting because of surveillance state concerns? 9/11 was horrible but it was also noise compared to boring sources of death that we struggle with every day, and whos risks may be increased by our overreactions to 9/11. Desire _everyone_ to live forever. What kind of monster are you that you don't think thats a laudable goal? I have. Have you? I suspect not: http://www.nickbostrom.com/fable/dragon.html Of course, the result won't actually achieve that. But it is not an unhonorable goal. Involuntary death is not a virtuous thing. The recognition of involuntary death as a terrible tragedy does not require the slightest fear of it. I am also not afraid of illiteracy or racism though I also consider them terrible. If your ability to not fear death requires that you trivialize it, to pretend its something wholesome, then I regard that with the same kind of mild contempt that I hold for people justify their bigotry by convincing themselves that people of other creeds are inferior and so its /natural/ to discriminate against them. I hardly think that a fictional child's excuses for committing genocide, themselves constituting a bit of an Author Tract by a writer with well known outspoken religious views on the proper nature of human interactions, is really much of a contribution here. The suggested vague possibility of living forever doesn't force it on anyone, I wouldn't agree with that either. I think you should be free to stop existing on your own schedule. With involuntary death removed, I think and hope that instead people would "die" a different way— by becoming different people over time, ending a chapter in their lives and adopting a new one, being reborn without ever dying, and hopefully conserving most of the best about themselves in the process. It's a PRNG based on a trapdoor function where apparently the NSA has the key. With that key they can recover the RNG state from just a small amount of it. Thats a backdoor by most descriptions. This isn't just a bug. I too clicked looking for the tptacek comments… But I also expressed the view that no one would have used this. I guess it makes a lot more sense now: It seemed weird to put it in the standard, as no one was going to just use it. I'd been guessing that they hoped that it would be made an option and then they could do some negotiation attack to force it. I was missing a more obvious explanation: Someone was already willing to ship it, but they wanted the plausible denyability of it being a standard, because it looked too suspect otherwise. > but is a complete non-starter in my country where retail bank accounts with a positive balance usually are usually fee-free, But not penalty free. A few months ago, I clicked a form twice in my online brokerage and accidentally doubled a ACH transfer from my bank account. Since I was transferring more than half, the double transaction was too much. My bank hit me with a $25 fee. No big deal to me— but to many poor people a $25 fee could start a spiral of overdrafts which would leave them hopelessly short money. To someone in that situation an arrangement which charged them 5% per transaction would be preferable to one which carried any risk at all of an overdraft spiral of doom. Considering all the apologies I get from people after linked in spams the everlasting crap out of me and mailing lists I'm on, I'm having a hard time believing that there isn't _something_ wrong going on there and that Linkedin doesn't know about it. I'm not a fan of social networks— but Likedin seems like an actually reasonable idea... However, I've never made an account there because before I ever got to it the floods of invites (many clearly not intended) provided ample evidence to me that this wasn't something that I wanted anything to do with. DJB posted to the NIST SHA3 mailing list a couple days ago suggesting fixing R at 1024, giving the hash a capacity of 576 and a security against preimage attacks of >= 256 bits in all configurations. This sounds pretty prudent. It avoids any security gotchas, and will also make life easier for implementers because the hash will consume a nice round 1024 bits of data at a time for all hash sizes. This config would have slightly greater anticipated security at 256 bits than the submission, somewhat worse at 512 bit output— but in both cases be better than NIST's proposed parameters... and the performance impact would be relatively modest. The weird thing for me is that I predicted skein would not be selected on the basis of it being the only finalist without the full 2x output capacity (which was a NIST requirement that DJB had bucked, and was part of the reasons cubehash had bee removed), I was so confidence in this that I bet money on it and won. :P > Its deeply troublesome when People just assume exponential growth goes on forever. You're giving a counter argument to moores law. Moore's law is not physical law, and physical law says otherwise here. The amount of energy needed to update a counter 2^128 times on a non-reversible computer with the highest efficiency permitted by understood physics requires the energetic equivalent of something like 2 megatonns of TNT. The additional state that brings security against brute force preimage attacks also tends to increase security against analytical attacks, as well as speculative QC attacks. So it's not worthless, at all— but your moore's law argument is not credible. Of course, the change also means your play might have an impact still: If you use it and find something about the design stinks, wastes your time, induces errors, etc... while the language is still in flux there exists the possibility of fixing these things. In this regard it couldn't be a better time to try it out. >The Ripple network works a lot like the Bitcoin network It doesn't work like the Bitcoin network at all. Except that its computer software for handling transactions. Bitcoin is based on a primarily zero trust model, where every node validates all the data completely and cannot be tricked— except for transaction ordering which (due to relativity) can't be evaluated like that, and so Bitcoin uses a computational lottery to establish ordering. Ripple has a small number of server nodes which can freely set all balances, no validation at all. Its an entirely different model. The servers believe according to a majority of configured trusted peers. It doesn't even appear if the ripple model can be stable even absent attackers if the peering are not centrally controlled. See this thread for more discussion: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=144471.0 (esp the later posts with the network topology diagrams) Careful what you read about ripple. A yearish ago some business people bought the ripple name from the academic who was working on it, and built something almost but not quite completely different under the same name. Anything written about the old system probably doesn't apply to the new one. > (I'm one of the architects of the Ripple network.) Please see the thread linked to above. There were several trust topologies given than are obviously non-convergent in your model and you appeared to have no answer for them. Effectively you have ripple servers which must have central selection/control (or the system is not guaranteed to converge), and they can set balances to whatever they want. ... and then clients that simply believe the majority of the servers they are pointed at. > Don't confuse the Ripple payment network with ripples, its native currency Funny, you were arguing that XRP wasn't a currency not so long ago. It looks like from the code that all the orderbooks are XRP<>other. Seems like you can't opt out of trading XRP for your other stuff... so the fact that you and the other opencoin people own zillions of XRP is pretty material. Perhaps because a 2br is typically less than 2x a 1br. So you can divide these numbers by two and also give the city an affordability benefit-of-doubt that people would pool living spaces. It didn't make much sense. Toy version of the conversation. FC: Give me money so I can pay my debts. DP: Lemme talk to your creditor. RW: I'm FC's creditor, whats up. DP: I don't owe FC money. Rather I want him dead. Can you do this. RW: Sure. $250k. DP: I normally pay 80k to kill people. Split the difference? ... uh. wtf? The whole exchange really makes no sense, unless you assume that DPR knew he was talking to the same guy all along and was working on terms that would make the guy not bother him by scaring him off. Edit: Nevermind! Apparently the 80k "hit" wasn't just a negotiation technique: http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/crime/blog/bal-sil... At the moment: "total_amount" : 11784364.79571183 Though some of that is lost forever, of course. Why the @#$@# did they let this guy go free for almost 8 months after this? It was long enough that he attempted to put out another hit... it looked like a con in retrospect, but someone might actually be _dead_ because of this delay. What were they thinking? For several days Jacob Appelbaum has been complaining that the Guardian has been sitting on articles about Tor at the request of intelligence agencies. You could speculate here that their response to his public pressure was to release with additional redaction and on a friday. ::shrugs:: Malicious attacks are not the same as consensus failure. Consensus requires agreement, malicious attacks are orthogonal, unless you're hypothesizing a malicious party introducing an intentionally incompatible node and a significant fraction of users switching to it. > Seems like he's doing the best he can to explain what happened without being taken to a secret prison. National security letters are only supposed to be used for national security, not random drug busts. If they used an NSL it was unlawful. If this was just a sealed request it should be open now that the indictment has been handed down. If it was reasonable and lawful they should be asking for it to be unsealed and the request should be granted. > There are of course other avenues available to obtain your data. Our colocation providers could be compelled to give physical access to our servers. Network capturing devices could be installed. And in the worst case an attacker could simply force their way into the datacentre and physically remove our servers. > These are not things we can protect against directly but again, we can make it extremely difficult for these things to occur by using strong encryption and careful systems monitoring. Were anything like this ever to happen we would be talking about it very publically. Such an action would not remain secret for long. > Ultimately though, our opinion is that these kinds of attacks are no different to any other hacking attempt. We can and will do everything in our power to make getting unauthorised access to your data as difficult and expensive as possible, but no online service provider can guarantee that it will never happen. This kind of frank disclosure should be highly rewarded. I provided similar frank disclosure text (elsewhere) only to have it whitewashed. When everyone is underplaying the real limitations it's impossible for people to choose alternative tradeoffs— "Why should I use this slightly harder to use crypto thing when foo is already secure?"— because the risks have been misrepresented. Underplaying the limitations also removes the incentives to invent better protection— "Doesn't foo already have perfect security?". It could be argued that integrating basic developer tools is also a statement about the kind of internet we ought to have: One where people are as empowered to understand and contribute as they are to consume. I've seen not-terribly technical people— or at least people who'd never otherwise have firebug installed— go and edit braindamaged forms to get a webpage working right. Having it built in is practically empowering. Why not save the auditing for things without crappy non-OSI licenses? Asks me to make a google+ account. Does that mean I'm already immune? Above all other things, BTC is an autonomous zero trust system: You don't trust that something else is right, you verify it. (you might argue that the software is trusted: but you can verify that too, if you have the interest and resources) Practically everything that Bitcoin does is a pure mathematical function. So long as everyone applies the same rules they will also come to the same conclusion about what the state of the system is— autonomy and consensus are not incompatible. Unfortunately, there is _one_ thing that can't be decided autonomously with consensus in a distributed environment of mutual distrust: Transaction ordering. There are a bunch of superficial reasons why this must be so, but it can also be understood from the perspective of relativity: The apparent order of events depends on your frame of reference. Without a single privileged point of observation ordering can be ambiguous. Ordering is important because the order decides which of any repeated spends of a coin is the correct one. Bitcoin uses a special kind of election to decide ordering, since consensus order cannot be achieved autonomously like everything else. Instead of voting by number of people or by number of computers— which is easily compromised by sibyl attackers— it votes using energy: The network selects the history that has the most sum-total energy spent crunching on it. Because the energy is spent confirming the whole of the history, going back and reordering old parts becomes very costly the further back you go... and participants who don't go along with such an effort have an inherent advantage, since they're not losing the sum total of work after that point. And even then— all they can do is reorder the history, they couldn't reassign coins without having ever owned them. The people spending energy to validate transactions have their rational incentives largely aligned with the rest of the system by virtue of the fact that if they spend energy on a losing version of history, that energy is lost forever and any income they would receive from subsidy (the initial minting of coins) or transaction fees is lost forever. Their income is generally maximized by mining on the single chain with the best odds of surviving, and this makes the system converge. So could some quorum of Bitcoin users seize back the coins? If by quorum you mean all surviving users after the change, yes: If all the users want to change the software can be rewritten arbitrarily. But it would sort of moot the system if they did. Could a simple majority do it? No way. Bitcoin isn't that kind of consensus. You sure? I'm now getting a banner at the top of all my google pages that directs me to a page that tells me that I need to opt out (of course, I get the same useless upgrade to google plus screen). Ugh. Should the government be able to order you to give a blood sample so they can pop out a clone of you, which they can then use to impersonate you towards _anyone_, say, your spouse, in order to potentially perform arbitrarily broad collection whos scope they'll hide under the guise of national security? They're not asking for evidence, they order the operator of the service to be complicit in aiding the government in impersonating the service towards all of its users. It actually had as-high/higher rates of growth in 2011: http://bitcoin.sipa.be/speed-ever.png The rigidity page calls schemes "fully rigid" when the scheme used to select their generator point is unspecified. This is unfortunate. Better make sure you run adblock while browsing through your VPN to home- wouldn't want anything commercial to go on. It's all good: Google is just trying to protect you from the evils of money. Wow, -1. I know I was being a bit snarky. But the definition of "commercial use" is horribly ambiguous, with basically no broad legally defined meaning. If viewing ads on Google wasn't a commercial use I could hardly imagine anything else being one... but presumably they don't intend to reject commercial uses that make them money. The whole idea about rejecting commercial uses is wrong-headed. It presumes that you can draw a bright line between someones activities being commercial or not. Really, just like the no-servers prohibition this is a frivolous field of use restriction which serves to act as an excuse for arbitrary enforcement. Their "solution" is also pretty blunt. Basically replacing the whole thing with a construct that looks a lot like AES-GCM (basically using a field multiply to mix in new random state)... which they show is strong for their particular complaint, but would abandon all the existing reasons to have any confidence in the current approach. (and also appears(?) to substantial shrink the random pool size) I'm really happy to hear that entropy collection on other interrupts is being brought back. After struggling with "entropy exhaustion" on servers (non virtual ones!) that were only getting 50 bits per second or whatever from the timing interrupt this should remove some unfortunate sources of annoyance. This really makes little sense. The service was designed so that the data was encrypted. He could just let people download their data and decrypt it locally. Instead the site is prompting you for a password which it could freely capture. Well, it's factually inaccurate from the very first paragraph. Bitcoin has had several end-of-the-world vulnerabilities found and corrected. e.g. OP_RETURN bug (let anyone spend anyone elses coin) Value overflow bug (let anyone produce billions of bitcoin) Block merkle tree hash practically vulnerable to second preimage attacks (allowed anyone to select and kill arbitrary blocks, and thus rewrite the consensus) Plus a mountain of smaller design bugs and more conventional software crashes issues. The overall design is highly idiosyncratic in many ways. Novel integer serializations, random byte endianess. I'm not sure what you'd have him say. McDonalds is surely turning aways scads of customers by not providing their food for free. Certainly there are many things Wikipedia could do to be more welcoming. But not permitting editing by others and/or paying people to edit are not within the Wikipedia model any more than McDonalds giving away all their food would be. There is nothing wrong with being polite but firm about what something is and what it isn't. Sometimes I wonder if I'm on hacker news or "Sky mall". This seems to be strangely devoid of the kind of concrete evidence that I'd personally look for before making these sorts of claims about my own computers. Instead it provides a lot of weak correlations and handwaving. "Suspicious fonts on my system! Better drink my own^w^w^w assume I have malware from the plot of an AI-takeover-thriller." I hope people are able to get real evidence on this, stuff like information from bus-analyzer or execution inside a in-circuit emulator. > and increase inequality. Because quantitative easing is totally pro-equality? I don't really know much about gold, but that chart is a little questionable: from 1934 to ~1975 private ownership or trade of gold was restricted by law in the US. So depositing the QE money directly into Donald Trump's bank account would "favour the lower classes more than the already wealthy" because it increases the money supply? :) Is there one of those snazzy four letter codes like "TLDR" which means "This was a video with insufficient information to determine if it was applicable to my interest, so I didn't watch any of it"? Or a little more parameterized: http://www.cydeweys.com/blog/2008/07/02/better-fizzbuzz-solu... > If you live in a country which doesn't allow patents for software, this is great news What country is this? H.264 is patented in every EU country: http://www.mpegla.com/main/programs/avc/Documents/avc-att1.p... Robbing homes is possible and rewarding. Saying that doing something wrong is rewarding is not sufficient. Exactly. The first step in this is speaking up and saying, "Hey, this is really obviously wrong". Part of the reason that the law doesn't have to get every incentive and disincentive right is because there are other mechanisms available. I'd like to say that I was going to avoid doing business with these parties, but I already wasn't doing business with these parties, at least not to the best of my knoweldge. it's boring until 30 or so, and once you die there starting all the way from the beginning is no fun. If you're aware of anyone being strong-armed with your patents you could make amends with your conscience by offering to consult with them to help them workaround or invalidate them. Because this litigation began before the acquisition of Motorola Mobility? Or because the patents in question were H.264 ones, which the defendant themselves already collects royalties on? Using pgp anonymously is really hard, esp because PGP has no integrated way to do authentication without non-repudiation. Is there a way to have your master identity key offline and delegate even certifications (signing other people's keys) to a subkey? To be honest, signing other people's keys is one of the _more_ frequent activities I do with PGP, and I'd rather be able to independently revoke that key without tossing my identity. All of my best ideas, Lamport invented them first. Lots of great and important ideas and the lucid writing required to convey them to others. My (Greg Maxwell, a developer of the Bitcoin reference client) preliminary look at it is here: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=324413.msg3476697#ms... In short, the new thing here is the assumption that the attacker uses a network positional advantage to eliminate the loss associated with delaying blocks. I am not fond of their proposed solution, since it creates a size advantage for large miners (of sizes which have already existed) in all cases, even without the network attack. I'd rather initially focus on strengthening the network against the formation of the positional advantage in the short term. (There is already some belief that there is extensive peering between miners making the attack ineffective, but its impossible to know if its adequate, so there is no harm in in strengthening that some.) The requirements have been formalized, e.g. https://socrates1024.s3.amazonaws.com/consensus.pdf Your thinking is sensible, the additional assumption they're adding is that their attacker can sibyl attack the network and get between the miners so that when the honest miners find a block that triggers the release of their delayed block. By doing this, assuming they can, they don't suffer from orphaning due to their delays. Unfortunately the cited paper is terrible science which was written in ignorance of how common Bitcoin software works. They basically declared any coin "horded" if it was currently assigned to an address which had never spent. But the default behavior of the reference client is to always send your change to a never used address, which will only ever be spent from once. Additional, the common and strongly recommended pro-privacy behavior is to use a new address per transaction, and businesses need to do that to sort out which payment is which. So it was actually surprising that the figure was as low as it was... but what it wasn't measuring was "hording". You can go to any of the major bitcoin markets and sell thousands of dollars of coins while hardly moving the price for USD. E.g. on MTGOX right now the best bid is $271 and a market order to sell 100 bitcoins right now would net 27056.5448 USD and would take the last price down to 270.1650 USD, resulting in an average price of 270.5654 USD/BTC. Selling 1000 BTC would result in an average price of $266.9482. Its certainly not the most liquid thing and getting funds to and from exchanges (or buying other things) isn't as available as one would hope, but it's not highly illiquid by any means. There are good markets for other major currencies too, though none are quite as liquid as the USD ones. So much for net neutrality. :( You cannot "steal the block". You must commit to the full solution (including who it pays) before testing it. The reason this doesn't prevent defection is that while you can produce a provable commitment that you're mining with the ES miners in one moment, all other moments you can be defecting and sharing the ES state with your friends. > We must support all of our researchers, particularly the wrong ones. We must support researchers who behave like researchers. I wouldn't have made the claims he's made without first obtaining ... some evidence. I'd expect people to call me a liar or a loon if I made claims like these without a shred of evidence. This seems more like an art project than research. Hook the USB to a logic analyizer, boot a disk in an in circuit emulator. Something. ... Don't just speculate about the sizes of ttf files in windows. http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5647 If you can produce a collision against SHA-1 the Bitcoin network will pay you 2.47 BTC (which is worth about $1111 at the current market prices): https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=293382.0 This is _highly_ misleading. The actual number of nodes that they're measuring is 11,664, which is a sudden increase from a slowly declining level of about 4,400 as of a month ago. The 196,123 number is a count of the number of distinct IP addresses being rumored between nodes. Most of them are never working garbage sent into the network by confused software, misguided would-be DOS attackers, etc. And that addresses' EC public key is not public. The original Bitcoin "Rich List" predates that paper by years. Sadly that paper is pretty poor. It's adequate for informing someone bitcoin isn't anonymous though— but the bitcoin.org website also does that without being littered with basic misunderstandings of how Bitcoin works. > I like the idea of a currency which doesn't allow politicians to introduce inflation, but perhaps we should have one which has a finite set of tokens on setup, and doesn't attempt to also attract people as some sort of investment with mining etc. Bitcoin _does_ have a fixed set of tokens on setup: 21 million of them... but you need a way of giving out those tokens without handing a windfall to a centralized decider that gives them out. Mining isn't an "investment" thing: It's the @#$@ fundamental consensus process that makes the whole thing possible: Node autonomously validate the rules, but transaction order is not decidable autonomously and so mining produces a hard to rig / cheap to verify 'vote' on the order of transactions. Bitcoin smarty aligned these two processes by making participation in the consensus also accomplish giving out the original tokens. > I heard a suggestion for a gold-backed digital currency once. Yep, and now go look up how that went. It's not possible to "gold back" a digital currency without centralization which carries a multitude of risk, as has been demonstrated by the many failures along the way. > this joining provides very strong evidence that the same user controls all these addresses. So if one address is known to belong to a particular user, we now know Not quite: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=279249.0 Trezor supports exporting the key for backup purposes. Unfortunately, the authors of the paper did not understand the relationship between wallets and addresses very well either. The recommend use of Bitcoin is that every payment you receive should be to a new address. This maximizes privacy and its necessary when you may have multiple concurrent payment in order to sort out which one you've received. Common wallet software (including the reference client) also always pays change to a new address. ... so it's a bummer that the authors of the paper went on to describe every coin assigned to an address which has never spent as in savings (roughly 60% of them), if not for a couple things engaging in the bad practice of address reuse they would have found 100% in "savings". ::Yawn:: The insurance contract approach is lame as it makes you lose your funds if the other party suffers an honest failure (e.g. they get hit by a bus). Better protocols are possible: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=321228 (CoinSwap) Describing it as "laundering" is more than a little hopeful-eyed. These sorts of things are privacy mechanisms, which make Bitcoin's privacy a bit closer to traditional banking... but they don't provide an apparent legitimate origin of the funds, so they aren't themselves useful for money laundering. In particular, it seems to not manifest itself for the technical folks who are likely to actually solve it if they can reproduce it and yet be quite frequent for others. I wouldn't be shocked if it ultimately turned out to be due to some setting that gurus would never have enabled. :) Bitcoin is a consensus system. It is paramount that all participating nodes reach the exact same state. If undefined behavior could make some nodes accept a transaction while others reject it the state would become inconsistent and potentially mutually exclusive. From one currency, you'd have two and every coin could be spent twice. Here is an exceptionally fun example of Script use: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=293382.0 Beyond script there isn't a whole lot— nlocktime lets you make transactions which cannot be mined until a specified time in the future. This lets you build protocols that have "refunds", so that they don't cause funds to get stuck if a participant walks away. But even just using a few features of script and nlocktime is exceptionally powerful: Securely and privately trading Bitcoins for other cryptocoins (including Bitcoins): https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=321228.0 or Buying computationally verifiable information in an environment of mutual distrust: https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/User:Gmaxwell/why_hash_locked One of the most important things script does is allows you to produce transactions which are bound into more complex protocols occurring outside of Bitcoin in a secure way. This allows you to extend Bitcoin's trustless decentralization into things which aren't part of Bitcoin proper. Thats not correct. They're executed, and fancy scripts are sometimes used on the network. Common wallet software just uses templates to create and decide which scripts are relevant to them— but the network itself absolutely does validate them. Indeed, you can, but then you have a very exact requirement on exactly how the interpreter is implemented which can never be optimized, and any disagreement between implementations can cause a world ending consensus failure. By not having looping or recursion script naturally gets an operation limit by virtue of having a size limit, and this is _relatively_ easy to get right between implementations. (Though, so far several of the alt implementations have gotten it wrong). I'd make a reasonable bet that those motions were to one of the early exchanges, — based on the timing, maybe Britcoin. I'd consider it doubtful that the later owner of those funds was the same as the earlier one. I'm not sure why they'd hypothesize that someone who apparently used Bitcoin only some time after it was widely made public, and then used it in a rather poor manner anonymity wise (the aggregation), was the founder— other than to make headlines like this one. :( In any case, the address in question ( https://blockchain.info/address/12higDjoCCNXSA95xZMWUdPvXNmk... ) doesn't belong to Satoshi, it belongs to Dustin Trammell: http://bitcoin-otc.com/viewgpg.php?nick=I}ruid ... who was actually my first guess, and could have easily been discovered by anyone with 20 minutes and access to google. :( I really can't understand why such a respected name is attached to work of such low quality. > There are alternatives to hashing proof-of-work Not really. Peercoin's security comes from the developer of the system signing every block. It attempts to use a "Proof of Stake" system where ownership of coins controls mining, but the problem with PoS is, ironically, that there is nothing at stake. In PoW when you attempt to mine you must expend energy and so you should only mine on a consensus which is likely to be the surviving one if you want your work to not be wasted. In PoS the same is not true, and an optimally rational PoS miner will attempt to concurrently mine all forks which he does not hate. Originally the signed blocks in PPC were supposed to be a bootstrap mechanism until most of the mining was PoS based, but then some clever miner started mining many possible histories and finding ones where he magically got lucky and his coins were the selected stake for all the blocks. Primecoin's work isn't scientifically useful— no one had bothered describing it as interesting before it got pulled out as a PoW, and it's far less clear that its not trapdoored (that someone knows how to mine it much faster) than the one way function based proof of work. You can convert basically any stochastic search into a PoW, but not necessarily a good one (e.g. it might have trapdoors). More deeply, if your mining work has independent value that that dilutes your incentive to mine on the one true best consensus, since you'll still gain that value even if you mine on a losing consensus. And ultimately the energy is _not_ wasted: It provides security for the system which is shared by all it's users. In Bitcoin you don't mint coins (with enormous energy costs) or print notes, you don't need bank vaults, or armored cars. You don't need to incarcerate counterfitters, fly around agents, or suffer counterfeiting losses. All currencies have operating costs, if Bitcoin's costs are comparatively good is a complicated analysis which I don't think anyone's done. Are you suggesting that there is _nothing_ the time you spent writing that message might better be used for? :) Allegations which are just that. They're unsubstantiated, not even supported by the hashrate visible on the network. People are trying to rationalize out how someone they though was trustworthy would be so overdue in delivering. People actually went as far as to sneak into Butterfly Labs' facilities and found no evidence of it. There is some scale level where you've captured all the manufacturing efficiencies (e.g. the asicminer boards in those pictures are only 10GH/s per board), and once you've crossed that it's generally more efficient to distribute the hardware because you can make better use of low level waste heat as home heating (or at least not having to actively cool it). It was a simple white paper, offered up anonymously for only what it was. It made no claims which have been demonstrated to be false, which is more than you can say about the paper being discussed here. The Bitcoin whitepaper does what it says on the tin, you're the one inventing criteria for it that it doesn't meet. The white paper is also remarkably readable, which is something you can't say for most academic works. Founder's syndrome ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Founder%27s_syndrome ) is a common problem that Satoshi nicely sidestepped for Bitcoin. Bitcoin is a zero-trust system, it should be judged on its merits, not extrapolations of its creators motivations. The 1.5M claim is bullshit, however. People come up with these gigantic numbers by claiming that all coins unspent mined in the first year (or all coins mined in the first year at all!) were Satoshi. This is known to be untrue because there are many other people who mined in the first year and have coins unspent (or lost!) from then. > If a paper does not cite the relevant previous work, This is elevating form above substance. Ron & Shamir's work has the proper form, the proper names, and yet the material it contains is rubbish. It cites "relevant previous work", so long as you think that none of the work in industry is relevant. The gold standard should not be if a work follows a set of practices, advisable as they may be, it should be if a work advances the understanding of mankind. One of these papers did, the other does not. Yes, but the 1M number there is simply counting up all the unspent blocks in the first year. Though the author presented an argument for further distinguishing blocks into "maybe satoshi" "not satoshi" sets, that wasn't actually done for the count. Well he stopped saying there was no formal security analysis once someone linked him to one, I think. :) This is a similar commercial design, currently available, using the bitfury chips: http://eligius.st/~gateway/products/hashbuster-micro Unfortunately the tremendous demand for Bitcoin mining hardware means that although there are several chip vendors now the market is not very competitively priced— the chips are selling a huge multiples of their marginal cost. Because your 400 gazillion degrees of freedom machine learning core was not already ill conditioned enough for you? Oh no, another free software project on github without software license. Good thing someone thought to fix it: https://github.com/torvalds/linux-ng/pull/4 When you exaggerate points like this you undermined the reasonable advice you're trying to give people. Product and service availability for Bitcoin is very small, indeed, but it's not zero and the point you're trying to make is probably lost on anyone who already knows that you are either exaggerating or confused. Unfortunately that graph is not terribly useful, even ignoring the "legitimate" filter— it both overstates transaction volume because lots of "non-transaction" events create transaction (e.g. consolidating wallets) and because it doesn't show transaction volumes of Bitcoin value which happen invisible inside systems (many Bitcoin wallet services will clear transactiosn between customers internally) > a bitcoin-fork coin that has no value outside of the game, used for transactions. Seems like a cool idea to me anyway. Unfortunately, without the right economic motivations the system isn't secure. Many altcoins have been exploited in the past. Perhaps as part of a game thats okay, but it might be hard to balance things so that the game didn't become entirely about exploiting its currency-thing. This addresses some of the limitations of Bitcoin compared to classical payment networks— the lack of reversibility, even where you want it. I found the site super easy to use. Well, one of the general elements of this approach WRT regulatory regimes is that there really is much less _justification_ for heavy regulation. With a normal escrow the escrow must be trusted to hold all your money! With this approach they can only release with the consent and cooperation of one of the parties. The lower trust means such a thing would be fundamentally more difficult to regulate too, since it can come and go, disappearing into the mists because not so much trust is required. It's just a basic feature of the protocol from day one, the website provides a nice interface to it— provides arb introductions, etc. Thats a really inefficient way of encoding it. It would result in a much smaller scriptPubKey to encode something like this instead: S_pub OP_CHECKSIG OP_SWAP B_pub OP_CHECKSIG OP_ADD OP_DUP OP_DUP OP_VERIFY OP_2 OP_EQUAL OP_NOTIF 0 2 A1_pub A2_pub A3_pub 3 OP_CHECKMULTISIGVERIFY OP_ENDIF Or something like that— only the 5 pubkeys involved instead of adding extra ones. It's a bit more complicated than "longer confirmation times" since normal nodes will not relay them. Realistically, production use of non-standard transactions is unwise, but we'll make anything standard that people have a usecaes for and tests for. ... though in this case, you'd really want to use a script like I described instead of inefficiently using multiple keys per player. Maybe? https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=359323.0 And misconduct like that results in clear evidence which none of the people who claim to "know" can produce. A lot of people who just do not understand how thing kind of market works make these allegations— due to things like issuing a market order and then having the trade execute at prices which are dissimilar to the last price but completely explained by the published orderbook. Yes, but its a fitting one that does pretty much characterize the field. It also highlights how remarkable the Bitcoin whitepaper is… Is anyone able to determine whos running this company? All the records seem to be anonymized. Why would they spend time trying all those things and reinventing the wheel when a tool for doing exactly this has existed since time immortal (in bitcoin terms): https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=25091.0 >The trouble with that is, nobody knows why we would want to add Dragonfly to TLS. TLS already has a PAKE option, SRP. [...] nobody uses TLS-SRP. No browser implements it. SRP exists under a cloud of patent uncertainty. A lot of people would like to use SRP (perhaps not with TLS, but for SSH— for example) but deployment has been deterred by patent concerns. Minor pangs of irony seeing Gwern whine about being accused of being Satoshi while he's been concurrently been stalking and accusing people of being Satoshi himself. ... complete with a misuse of "we" and claims of secretive methodologies. Gwern responded unfavorably to a similar comment I made on reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1thnq3/i_am_not_sat... > Another good reason to stay anonymous and never use your real name online I suppose thats a good plan, until someone decides that you'd make a good subject to use to "emphasize to the whole world that privacy is really important because anonymity is highly limited & breakable for even the most competent and motivated person". (I'm quoting Gwern's comments about his own initiative to unmask Satoshi.) Because it's really hard to argue in favor of that particular RNG. It's kludgy, it's slow, the quality of the numbers out of it— by basic RNG tests— are not very good. They could have tried to suggest all other options were weak for secret reasons but that seems like a pretty big risk. > Let's be careful about who we're valorizing So perhaps this guy is indeed a slimeball. Fabricated up claims are by their nature nearly indistinguishable from real ones, and outright fabrication isn't the only unethical recourse: there is always panopticon powered selective prosecution— how many felonies have you committed this month? Regardless, we can observe now that the result will be time in prison and tptacek on HN diligently countering any claim of governmental misconduct. The insight here isn't related to Nacchio's character, it's that claiming that the government is retaliating for failing to comply with their unlawful demands doesn't provide protection. > assume it was publicly documented at the time that BSAFE defaulted to Dual EC Was it? Before it was revealed to be the BSAFE default I was going around saying that no one would have chosen to use it anyways, so it was probably a pretty ineffectual backdoor except if it ever was option for a downgrading attack. I was intentionally a bit vague there because I didn't want to lend additional credibility to those concerns, especially without researching the current status. Though IIRC only the limited form of SRP which doesn't provide bidirectional authentication (e.g. where you can't be MITMed even by a sever that knows your password or has stolen the server's 'hash' database) was covered under the royalty free grant. Implementation of the full protocol required a license from Stanford, https://ietf.org/ipr/31/ Perhaps you're being down-voted because this thread has drifted off-topic. Sorry, this subject matter has been discussed and debated at great length in a dozen places. No one has the time to hand-hold each and every person who learns about it and freaks out, especially if they come off as demanding and abrasive rather than inquisitive and helpful. Saying that it is considered a non-issue would be a misrepresentation. It exists as part of a large collection of things which are potentially concerning but which are not currently problematic. Your proposed urgent deployment of "fixes" carries enormous risk and so it absolutely will not be done. So far as I've seen none of the proposed "fixes" are compromise free and many carry new, subtle, and difficult to analyze risks which may have far greater practical implications than the problem they claim to solve. From a more practical perspective, action has been taken to improve network connectivity so that achieving alpha much greater than zero should be impossible in practice, and do the extent thats successful then there is only an issue with >33% consolidations— which are already problematic for other reasons (e.g. they can reverse six confirms with a 20% success rate). Your specific concerns seemed to be mostly related to mining pools engaging in this activity without the consent of their hashers, this particular threat is eliminated completely by hashers that use GBT and submit blocks themselves— as you were pointed to. In any case, in the future when you find yourself sending demands to volunteer developers asking them when they will solve your pet concern you should first ask yourself when _you_ plan on solving it. Here is what happens when you _mention_ P2Pool in Bitcoin forums: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=325737.0 Note that the subject of the post isn't p2pool but the responses are pages of anti-p2pool FUD. Except it pays the wrong people. In Bitcoin, at least, miners are kept honest by other people running nodes that limit what miners can do. In this protocol the validation would become very expensive but only the miners are paid. This sounds like trouble. No it doesn't. Or rather— it's not necessary or sufficient: you can already trade distributed cryptocoins, and no amount of cryptocoin magic can completely distribute USD or other non-cryptocoin assets because their differential counterparty risk makes every promise different. Has anyone explored using a covering code for spelling correction? (e.g. https://eprint.iacr.org/2012/731.pdf‎ ) Nothing is absolute, you might be hit by a meteor in the next moment. So what that there is a non-zero chance that if you're targeted by the right parties you may not be able to keep secrets? Moreover, cryptography is more than just secret keys being kept secret. For an example of cryptography which doesn't depend on secrecy, consider SNARKs (succinct non-interactive arguments of knoweldge): E.g. I can run a program and give you its output along with a compact proof that the output was the faithful output of the program. The size and complexity of verifying the proof is only a product of the cryptographic security level. Given cryptographic assumptions it is computationally infeasible for me to generate a fake proof. The ability to prove the validity of execution in basically no more time than it takes the read the program being verified is a very powerful result of cryptography which doesn't depend on secrecy. (The most efficient constructions of this currently need some secret data, but it's not a fundamental requirement) See the protocol diagram here: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=321228 (alice and bob can be played by the same party for a cross chain transaction). There are some additional timing considerations for reorg safety when multiple chains are involved, but simply delaying all chain operations by enough blocks to make a reorg infeasible should be sufficient. But these fees are only paid to miners— not all the other nodes validating the transactions. If only miners validate, what will keep miners honest (e.g. from writing themselves a blank check for more coins). The distinction for Bitcoin is that a smartphone can keep up with the maximum possible computation load from validation. The design is very purposefully limited to keep the validation computation so cheap that it is effectively free, and no amount of fee paying can convince miners to allow more computation since the limits are a property of the system enforced by all nodes just as the supply of coin is limited. I think it's a less useful mental model to think of what Bitcoin is doing as execution. What a Bitcoin script is really is a witness of an execution that the signer performed— proof that he executed it faithfully— rather than the computation itself. It's just a product of engineering that the simplest (to implement) way to verify execution is to perform it again, but its not intrinsic. "Us" is literally the entire world, _including_ the proprietary software companies— up to the point where they start making encumbered versions of the program. So it is far from as simple as straight up competition. RMS's free software work isn't against capitalism any more than anti-slavery people's work is against capitalism. RMS has steadfast refused to even entertain anti-business terms in software licenses as something fitting for a free software license, except to the extent that the "business" involves taking the free software in question and making it non-free. Here is a visualization of the tax policy (married vs not) in the US system: http://taxfoundation.org/sites/taxfoundation.org/files/docs/... If the German policy just lets you use the mean it sounds like it would be free of the effect of creating a penalty for marriage for equal incomes that the US has. I never used TorMail, but people who emailed me did. So they have private email from me even though I never used the service. The Justice Department press release is the ultimate source for all these stories and is the most informative: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nys/pressreleases/January14/Schr... I guess this bodes poorly for the people who were hoping to get their coins back from Bitinstant: http://bitinstant.info/ I expect that this is no accident. I'm pretty sure those posters are making fun of the thinking that says you can just use some replacements and magically be safe. The 'safe' versions of the functions have their own risks too. No amount of use-this-thing is a replacement for conscientious programming and review. Beyond having it backwards, gini over persons looking at timescales going to the 40s is probably distorted by women entering the workforce massively increasing the baseline equality. Thank you for pointing out that its a sardonic observation, this goes too often omitted— and it's an omission that had irritated Mike Godwin greatly. How dare you teach someone and get paid for your time without asking permission from the state of California first! 0_o Why doesn't civil law provide adequate protection for people against sham schools? Has anyone complained about these organizations? Unfortunately for Blockchain, Apple taken over all legal responsibility, under all applicable laws, in all jurisdictions, on matters criminal and civil, including allegations of patent infringement, and fully identified all developers for their platform. So you can understand why they'd be conservative about this sort of thing. Really as a matter of public policy we shouldn't allow them to have it both ways. If Apple wants to behave as some kind of common carrier and have no liability for the applications they chose to include or exclude they should be held to some kind of reasonable standard of fairness. Coinbase recently imposed a kind of ludicrous $3000 a day outbound limit on accounts that had previously been limited to 50 BTC/day. Removing the limit involves buying coin from them, waiting 30 days, and solving some seemingly impossible credit report based identity quiz (some people report passing after 10 tries, you're limited to one try per 24 hours). hm. the common understanding (from Russians) in Bitcoin IRC back in 2011 was that all transactions for foreign currency _and_, insane enough, all _barter_ was technically illegal in Russia, and so Bitcoin probably was too... but at the same time no one cares about those laws so it was irrelevant. Except it is the law. Liberty dollars were intentionally similar in design with US currency— any random joe would confuse them. Literature from their maker encouraged (with indirect language) people to pass them off as US dollars and they were priced to make it profitable to do so (E.g. $8 in melt value silver, sold to you for $15 with a "$20" stamped on the front). (See: http://truthalliance.net/Portals/0/Archive/images/news/2012/... plus there are a whole _additional_ set of laws covering the minting of coins of precious metal in the US which aren't relevant for Bitcoin discussions). The counterfeiting charges in the Liberty dollar case basically went uncontested. See also: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_community_currencies_i... To do otherwise rapidly runs into a mess of regulating every single private interaction people have. Some reasons why that might not be so easy: http://www.coindesk.com/localbitcoins-users-criminal-charges... > any coins of gold or silver or other metal, or alloys of metals, And you think this is applicable to Bitcoin because? In any case, I was going to chide you to read the ruling, but it seems to have vanished offline. It was previously online. Fascinating stuff. Here were the actual charges (from the BVNH wikipedia article): Von NotHaus was charged under counterfeiting laws with one count of conspiracy to possess and sell coins in resemblance and similitude of coins of a denomination higher than five cents, and silver coins in resemblance of genuine coins of the United States in denominations of five dollars and greater, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 485, 18 U.S.C. § 486, and 18 U.S.C. § 371; one count of mail fraud in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1341 and 18 U.S.C. § 2; one count of selling, and possessing with intent to defraud, coins of resemblance and similitude of United States coins in denominations of five cents and higher, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 485 and 18 U.S.C. § 2; and one count of uttering, passing, and attempting to utter and pass, silver coins in resemblance of genuine U.S. coins in denominations of five dollars or greater, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 486 and 18 U.S.C. § 2. You need to be somewhat careful with non-court sources on this, people on NotHaus' side have been making a strenuous effort to cast this as persecution of alternative currencies, and they've had some help from some inept law enforcement people who— as usual— don't understand the law. If you go and actually read the indictment and conviction you'll see that it wasn't really at all. These are not all that directly related— they're the start of a set of changes which will probably take us one to three years to fully deploy... what mtgox was talking about in their press releases was just some simple standard way of generating a stable ID, this wouldn't be a protocol change at all... and is only a few lines of code: https://github.com/sipa/bitcoin/commits/normtxid But whats more important is that this malleability stuff is not very much related to fraud risk, I explained more here: http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/message.php?msg_id=319565... It tracks the coins you were spending when you made the transaction. If they were expressing a concern about a legitimate risk in the system wouldn't something like the security list been the right avenue, and not an accusatory press release? You'll note that mtgox had funds taken from it, none of these other sites are. They're just being flooded with junk that screws up their transaction processing. It's not really the same thing at all. I (Greg Maxwell) am the one of the two "Bitcoin core developers" mentioned in the MtGox press release. My source is Mark Karpeles directly. I do not know how much they lost. Most of my discussion with them was before I think they knew exactly how much they lost. I had assumed, by the nature of the issue, that it wasn't likely to be much. I'm a little less sure of it based on their behavior since this weekend and due to finding out that there software was automatically issuing reissuing transactions that it didn't think had been paid out. > (1) Find all confirmed transactions that have a signature that appears in non-canonical form (and thus likely confirmed under an unexpected TXID); Unfortunately, you can't— MtGox had a long standing bug where they would author transactions which were themselves non-canonical form (they encoded the variable length values in DER as fixed length with excessive padding). This is one of the reasons their transactions were getting stuck. People mutating their transactions removed the padding, making them canonical. All of the transaction except the "signature"s is signed. The modifications come from modifying the signatures and/or their encoding. > One is the MtGox problem where you might not realize a transaction was successful and you are duped into sending the money twice. This isn't really a malleability issue however. Lets say it wasn't successful: You send again. Opps, someone pulls the original out of a hat and both go through. The only way to safely reissue is to double spend the original transaction. Then you get atomic exclusion, and it's completely safe: only one can possibly get into the longest chain. This safety still applies if there is mutation going on. MTGox's reissuing was automated and running on a timer, fwiw. > The only way you can have double transfers Is if you replace the transaction without double spending it, which is unsafe. > The nice guys don't last out there Because San Francisco is a war zone? Give me a break. It's better to name your child something so common that any listing of their name would be insanely disruptive. This protects against more cases, and also doesn't degrade their privacy. It's too hard, even with the right answer 10/10 times I can't get through the first pipe. I'm afraid you've misunderstood it. The goal is to be no less non-reputable than unencrypted plaintext is— It's a rather large shock when using encryption increases you risks, and OTR prevents this. It, obviously, cannot make anything more reputable than plantext was. It bothers me that this uses "quantum computing" since it plays into common, frustrating, misapprehensions of what quantum computing is even theorized to do. They could at least call it a hyper-computer or acausual timeloop processor or something. Bitcoin builder only pays out BTC once per 24 hours (apparently it's manual), it also doesn't have a lot of liquidity (e.g. selling 1000 GOX there would drop the price to half what it currently is). People looking to make a profitable goxusd->goxbtc->btc->bitstamp usd chain of trades should probably do an OTC trade on IRC on freenode #mtgox-otc: http://webchat.freenode.net/?randomnick=1&channels=mtgox-otc I believe this was most extensively discussed as part of a long chat that Peter Todd was a part of, so no surprise that you've seen him talk about it. Off-chain banks stuff has been a long term pet interest of his. In that discussion we applied a merkel-sum tree data-structure— a pet datastructure that I'd previously proposed for making compact proofs of blockchain invalidity in Bitcoin (in order to make a future bitcoin world where no one runs full nodes safe from inflation and theft by miners)— to PT's bank fraud proofing application. You may find the log interesting: https://people.xiph.org/~greg/bitcoin-wizards-fraud-proof.lo... Search for "auditable off-chain transactions" and "Merkle-sum-tree" (I left in a lot of unrelated stuff since it makes the meandering conversation make a bit more sense. Though a lot of this continues a long running dialog about cryptographic-wankery that has been going on for years) Ultimately these schemes require the use of a jamming free broadcast network of some kind... otherwise they run into the same problems certificate transparency has where you can substitute the commitment on the fly. Fortunately, Bitcoin provides a global consensus mechanism which could be used to directly attach the commitment to the coins being spoken for. This requires one transaction per trade, effectively. While systems like that have many applications— and should be used where they can, they aren't a replacement for large scale markets like MTGox or for ultra-low-cost instant payment systems. No. In theory if you know all the addresses you know how many coins they have— but to know the exchange is not fractional you must also know something about its obligations. Unless the negative valued customer and the surrounding customers never logged in... But thats a limitation of the scheme that can't be avoided. If a user never logs in you could just steal just their balance (and correctly set it to zero). You also must make sure that all customers are seeing the same root, and that you can't do funny business like constantly update it to swap out which customers you're robbing. (e.g. it should be a daily or weekly updated thing). Yup. This is an example of how Bitcoin is superior to USD— USD is not so readily subject to cryptographic proof. :) You could use it to show that USD obligations jive with third party audits, insurance, or accounts in a bank if you could get the bank to produce signed attestations... though the trust isn't eliminated there, just shuffled around. Oh sure, you can sum and compare the balances under ZKP and even hide the total amount. But the problem is that as soon as you invoke a ZKP for general computation you take into the realm of barely practical moon math. ... And you still don't fix the problem that balances which are unchecked can be diverted. In the IRC log I posted I went on to suggest that a service could have a rule that _permitted_ them to take your balance if you don't check it periodically— e.g. they could just withdraw it into their own pocket. You could prove you checked it (or that you tried and they wouldn't let you). By doing so you'd actually create a real incentive for people to check, though I suspect boobytrapped balances wouldn't be very welcome. Regardless— it still confines the extent of fraud that is possible. This proposal doesn't prevent loans and fractional reserve or whatever schemes people may want. What it does is makes it much harder to fail to disclose the truth of the matter. What kinds of terms people choose to transact under is their own business— but all the better when we can be more confident those terms are being followed. E.g. say you have two customers with a balance of 100. You report the total is 100— so 100 BTC has gone missing. When customer A logs in you give them one root and show them their balance (and B has a balance of 0). When customer B logs in— oops balances just update— you show them a new root, and in that one B has a balance of 100. So you need to pin the commitments strongly enough so that the prover can't swap them out at will. > > And you still don't fix the problem that balances which are unchecked can be diverted. > Okay, I'll admit I might be missing something here; what do you mean by that? Say Alice _never_ logs in anymore and the site has noticed this. The site can just go "oh Alice, her balance in now 0" and go and gamble away those coins— sure, their holdings go down, but so do their obligations. Since Alice never logs in anyone, she's not going to protest that her coins are all gone. Go read that IRC log. :) If the balance is negative enough to subtract from any real users balance it will be visible to at least that user. This is why you must present the root via a broadcast channel, and quantize the timing (E.g. just daily). Otherwise it has the same problems as certificate transparency). People should really go read the original discussion. One fun way to address the root commitment is to just commit to it in the coins being proven in the balance. This can be seen as a variation of the general risk that goes like: Site proves balances, a moment later site takes backing funds to vegas. The proof shows funds, but it doesn't show what they'll do a moment later. It's still a massive step forward from the current conditions, but doesn't mean that people shouldn't avoid putting their funds in third party hands. > The main issue with this is that services may be reluctant to give out this information if they consider it useful to competitors. Well, if thats the issue it's possible to use more complex cryptographic techniques to make the entire process completely zero-knowledge. The idea is that you basically take the protocol I described but then execute it in an environment for zero-knowledge proof of general computation (e.g. http://www.scipr-lab.org/ ). You'd make a number of different performance tradeoffs to optimize for that environment, but thats basically the idea. There would need to be some development needed to turn that into a production system, but if the improved privacy is the _only_ holdup, it can certainly be fixed. I'm quite skeptical of Ethereum's ability to meaningfully contribute to these matters. An enormous amount of trustlessness is already possible in Bitcoin, but people just do not bother using it: They believe they can trust their counterparties (or they wouldn't transact!) and implementing trustless systems is substantially harder to do and harder to monetize (no central point to seek rents from). Witness Ethereum itself: Instead of targeted improvements to Bitcoin it's proposed as a whole new currency to be funded by eager speculators before it even exists. It is my experience that the limitations of trustlessness in the Bitcoin ecosystem have arisen almost exclusively from a lack of interest or knoweldge and not from any missing technological capability. You can't really solve it with "UX" as a blanket thing. To build trustless service you must design cryptographic protocols that use the bitcoin "script" expression language— it's form of programming. Don't hold your breath for a good UI there. :) Once you've done that, you can slap a nice UI on it to make it available to mortals. An example: https://bitrated.com/ > Bitstamp was bitten by exactly the same bug (the malleability bug This is not factually correct. Bitstamp and MTGox's issues were unrelated, and the transactions that caused problems for Bitstamp were never seen on the network prior to a couple hours before MTGox's press release (and in volume, until after it). > Bitstamp suspended operations to fix the issue. How can you possibly say they are unrelated? Because they were unrelated. Bitstamp was spending its own unconfirmed change, and those spends got hung when the change was mutated by the attacker— with an attack that didn't exist while MTGox was processing withdraws. MTGox happened to never spend any coins that weren't at least 6 deep in the blockchain, even it's own change. > and is people grasping, in the absence of anything else It's actually MTGox's own claims. Their actual issues in this space were because they reissued payments without conflicting the original payment— allowing both to go through. No one else, as far as I can find, was performing reissues at all— much less in such an unsafe manner. > ethereum tremendously exciting, from a pure technology standpoint I don't. I think it's the wrong model and it's only interesting when you don't have a very complete model of what computation is doing inside a consensus system. What script is actually doing in Bitcoin is not "running code"— running identical code with identical on hundreds of thousands of nodes just for it own sake would be stupid and wasteful. What happens is that users of the network run the code themselves and their scriptSig is a proof that they ran the code correctly (and that the code accepted their inputs). The simplest way to do this is to replay the execution, but now it makes sense: The network runs the code to verify you ran it right, and by doing so the contract embedded in the script is made trustless. Running the code in the network has a lot of downsides, however. It completely lacks privacy (except to the extent that we have an opcode that implements a zero knoweldge proof of knoweldge of the discrete log of an EC point), and there is tremendous pressure on the computational complexity, implementation complexity risk, and size of these scripts because of the cost of verify them. Script execution is a pure externality that we only safely know how to cope with by making sure that it is very very cheap (we do this in Bitcoin by making sure that trivial static analysis can determine the execution cost (measure the size), and then bounding that cost). But actually executing the script isn't the only way to verify computation was performed correctly. Using cryptography it's possible to have constant size and complexity proofs, independent of the program size. This lets you cook up stuff like: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=277389.0 and I find that a lot more exciting. Especially since these kinds of enhancements don't demand the risky tradeoffs that making script more expensive demands. I'm also excited about distributed oracles— programs that sign transactions conditional on user specified code, including— potentially— external inputs. The ability to have external inputs (trusted by the oracle) greatly increases the expressive power beyond what any in-consensus system could have, and using multisignatures with multiple oracles you can achieve good security though not trustlessness. E.g. "This tx pays to bob if bob.com is on the first page of google, otherwise after april 1st it can be redeemed by greg". I would expect to see any attempt at more powerful script first implemented via multisignature oracles before even considering making it trustless by merging it into the network. See, for example, http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB1000142405270230489970... They certainly had made withdraws within months. Here is a random address receiving payments from MTGox (the ones with the 0.001 fees) https://blockchain.info/address/1AacEsKeXqnUqtYQWKDHJV3JtpJk... if the API were still up I'd show you how to query the vin scrippubkeys to have mtgox themselves identify the txn as theirs— but it's not up now. > There's 200BTC a day withdraw limits If you had a verified account you could ask for any limit you wanted up to 10k BTC, with a trusted account I think there was no maximum— I've talked to people who say they had 50k limits. There was a 200 BTC maximum per withdraw however, at least in recent times. > as the consistent Gox bug was only triggered by 0.8.0 being released Even that wasn't consistent, only ~1% of signatures were invalid DER encodings with their code. Funny, I don't remember that "you must install flash player" from the movie. Expected math. Was disappointed. The "evidence of fraud" is that the sum of all bitcoin deposits minus the sum of withdraws is some 500k number, while the sum of balances is some 900k number. However, this is not evidence of fraud: The deposits and withdraws dump is missing data, some older transactions are not in it. The same older transactions appear differently in the from the export feature on the mtgox site: instead of deposit/withdraw those records show just "in" or "out". I assume those are records from some past version of the site software and are just stored in another table. For people who had frequently reused publicly known addresses it's as good as putting their account name on the records. I guess people didn't learn from the infamous AOL search data release. I expected the content to be completely different every time I pressed reload. I noticed this too... it means you don't have to risk getting pieces on the wrong side of your pile just to keep moving things along. Here. I'll start you on better class on cryptography than any video, pdf, or slide deck you're going to find. Go to this repository, grab the code, and figure out how you can attack it: https://github.com/jackjack-jj/jeeq (of course, along the way go learn whatever you need to). There are several interesting weaknesses in this code, and yet it's not just a toy: it was briefly deployed in a widely used application. (If you google for it, you might find some of my analysis on it, which would potentially spoil the learning experience, so I suggest you don't. Though if you finish with this one I can dig up some other weak cryptosystems.) GMail Man! Oh wait. Perhaps but the 200k in question was last transferred in 2011 (until they found it and moved it very recently). At least the reddit discussions I've been directed to have been very unscientific— more pseudo-scientific in that they dump a bunch of data and throw around some technical terms. Though there may be some selection bias since people are probably more likely to ask me for my opinion on the more questionable work. Obpedantry: In theory rho allows you to recover private keys with work-factor 2^128 (times some small constant depending on how much storage you wish to use), which is significantly less than the 2^256 you might expect from "brute force". Still completely infeasible. Hm? I think this is being read in a confused way— that some gazillion coins are mine or something. Basically people were going around claiming that _all_ the unspent coins during a particular time period were "satoshi's"— and this is a claim which is obviously untrue on its face, if nothing else because there are other people who mined blocks during time (and lost them), including myself. Thats all. Nothing especially interesting. Reliably analysis from historical data is pretty lossy. Bitcoin exists in an odd equilibrium where speculative analysis from the chain alone is both enough to frequently break privacy but often not enough to make reliable inferences. > you unforgeable timestamps, Unforgeable except by anyone who's able to order or trick NIST into doing something. If NIST is unimpeachable, why not just have them run the anti-double-spending database and dispense with this inefficient blockchain stuff? :) > prefer blocks that that have newer unforgeable timestamps This general class of solutions often runs into problems with creating incentives for large miners to continue to mine at your current height and ignore a third party block, because you know you'll beat it in a race even though you announced late. Are your memory safe languages also concurrency/data-race safe? ( http://www.americanbar.org/content/dam/aba/publications/supr... Less surprisingly, the Software Freedom Law center and OSI present a similar argument: http://www.americanbar.org/content/dam/aba/publications/supr... It's unfortunate that the EFF brief ( http://sblog.s3.amazonaws.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Ali... ) spends all its time whining about NPEs and hardly touches the subject. Especially in contrast to the Google and Amazon amicus ( http://www.americanbar.org/content/dam/aba/publications/supr... ) which goes nearly as far as the ACLU. Well it's a little more complicated than that: Other than the uniformity problems dual-drbg is a secure PRNG … against anyone who doesn't know the matching discrete log for the parameters. If you don't consider a cryptographically locked single party back-door to be "less secure" then I don't think we can point out where they've done something to make things less secure. The RPI is really obscenely slow, far slower than the clock rate would suggest even for an arm. The RPI is pretty exciting as a microcontroller, though it's power usage is very high, but as a computer it's a real disappointment. The real comparison should be with the odroid boards: http://hardkernel.com/main/products/prdt_info.php?g_code=G13... a quad arm (cortex-a9) at 1.7GHz with 2GB ram for ~$60. Mailing list discussion: http://sourceforge.net/p/bitcoin/mailman/message/32174171/ Read the page. Kinda. Its actually completely earnest, but just presented in a silly way. The april fools joke is that its not a joke. Unfortunately there /seem/ to be a lot of people holding back from using it until the language is stable. If so, that virtually guarantees some regret after it becomes stable and new users flood in with new use cases that need breaking changes to address in an optimal manner. Edit: Perhaps I was too subtle. If you think rust is something that may meet your needs in the future, you should do future-you a favor and start using it now when there is still time to remove warts in a backwards incompatible way. Like the small JS version this also has the bug where you can summon more tiles by pushing again in a direction where movement isn't allowed. I have a Big Buck Bunny upload to youtube (from some codec testing) and every couple months some copyright troll flags it and tries to collect advertising revenue, which also takes down the webm version of the video (because until recently youtube couldn't put ads on those). Fixing it wastes hours of my time and youtube never stops the trolls or even responds to my requests for information about them so _I_ could take them to court. > And it is disabled on most clients This is not correct. It's a part of the consensus system rules and cannot be just enabled and disabled on a node by node basis. It must be preformed precisely and identically on all systems. What is the case is that nodes don't relay transactions with unusual scripts to prevent DOS attacks, but once they're in a block they're fine. > Simple, templated Scripts are allowed in Bitcoin This is a common misconception. Stock nodes won't relay transactions with weird scripts by default, but they're perfectly valid in the blockchain and verified by all nodes once someone configured to mine them has mined them. > It is also not Turing-complete Nor, pedantically, is what etherum proposes. Nothing time and space limited is. What consensus systems like Bitcoin (and alt coins) do, however, is not executing programs in so much as that they are verifying an execution transcript that someone else performed (which is why all nodes compute the same values). Verification of an transcript of even arbitrary program execution is in P— you don't technically need turing completeness to express it. Though some forms of transcript expression may be more efficient. What Bitcoin does has the advantage of making the computationally work simply statically decidable— it's proportional to script size— and this relation means that— within reason— there is only one limited resource transactions have to worry about consuming, which makes the appropriate fee model obvious. Cryptocurrency contracts inherit the remote code challenges that Javascript experiences but also a whole set of additional really gnarly challenges because the systems must reach exactly identical states in all cases or the network will irreparably fork. It would be like if the entire web split into mutually incompatible partitions the first time someone crafted some JS code which behaved differently in IE and Firefox. They propose fixed mandatory fees. https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/%5BEnglish%5D-White-Pa... Nodes can't be compensated for this— only the single miner who chose to burden the chain with the contract. Everyone else has to go along for the ride (or skip verifying it and hope that the anonymous miner wasn't lying). This is one of the reasons Bitcoin has very purposefully eschewed contracts which are computationally expensive to execute. You can almost always perform a computationally expensive contract externally to the system and bind it with a hashlock or multisig, in any case. The inability of the a consensus system to perform IO to outside world usually demands those techniques in any case. Virtually all code exposed to the Internet is security critical, however. You cannot do external IO in a consensus system. (This is one reason why I think a lot of fancy contracts are best done using a quorum of external oracles, since you have no better security than that in anything that does external IO, and it's much more scalable (and works great in Bitcoin already)) > (eg. the stacktrace challenge-response concept we have been talking about on our blog) You wrote on your blog: > Altogether, what this means is that, unlike Bitcoin, Ethereum will likely still be fully secure, including against fraudulent issuance attacks, even if only a small number of full nodes exist; as long as at least one full node is honest, verifying blocks and publishing challenges where appropriate, light clients can rely on it to point out which blocks are flawed The fact that someone can extract compact proofs of an invalid state transition was pointed out by me years ago (e.g. https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=96644.msg1064601#msg... ), and I believe I described it you personally in Mountain View. It's equally applicable to Bitcoin (though not implemented anywhere for any system yet). It's a bit irritating to see ideas from Bitcoin recycled as "innovations" in altcoins and incorrectly claimed as as not applicable to Bitcoin, especially when they're not even implemented yet. This one has a bunch of gnarly engineering issues that make it hard to implement. You end up with fraud codepaths that are virtually never executed, so how do you gain confidence that multiple implementations actually implement them consistently? The best proposal I'd had on this (from bitcoin-wizards) was to always produce two versions of a block, committed under a common root, one which has a random flaw, and then always kill it and select the right block using a proof. But thats kind of complex and indirect. > will ever be made And yet they've been made in the past. It doesn't require any hard forking or incompatible changes, just some additional messages which can be ignored by old implementations. The Bitcoin community has made one soft forking protocol change per year for several years and will almost certantly make one and possibly more this year. > Cryptocurrencies are not sets of abstract ideas, they are protocols that are implemented in code today and have to be judged on their merits as they actually are. As I noted, Ethereum doesn't implement this yet, if you'd implemented and worked out the gnarly engineering issues in actually implementing it I'd have credited you for that. But right now, it's just an idea. One which is equally applicable to Bitcoin and which was described by the Bitcoin as an ecosystem improvement for Bitcoin years ago. And not just as armwaving, I at least went as far as enumerating the things we'd need to do before I got mired in the problem of how do you make it not an extreme risk in the face of alt implementations— something which isn't solved even absent almost-never-executed anti-fraud code paths. It'll be super awesome to see you implement it, if you do. But it's hard to respect your good work when it results in a lot of people being misinformed about advantages because you've been sloppy about talking about the attribution. The end result of these is that you produce armys of technically unsophisticated people who believe that it's the gospel truth that Bitcoin can't do this. Beyond being seldom used, they also leak usage information. > So the actual protocol change that needs to be made in order to make challenge-response protocols fully effective is basically the inclusion of merkle-sum-trees Where do you think the words "merkle-sum-trees" came from? :) > Unless you do some crazy ugly hack like creating a separate overlay merkle tree with its root being output 1 of the coinbase, that's a hard-forking protocol change. No crazy hack is required. You just include a commitment to a merkle-sum-tree tree of transaction values, along with the UTXO commitment. It doesn't have to commit to transactions, it's just a tree of values. There is no loss of efficiency, you don't even have to signal the data normally since all full nodes already have it. > As for changes actually being implemented, to be honest I haven't seen anything actually substantial since P2SH Well thats a step back from the position you took above that it can't change at all ever. Now the changes have been not substantial and not often enough. ::shrugs:: > that would benefit everyone It's highly debatable that it would benefit everyone now, we're certantly not up against the limit. People are still using the blockchain in very inefficient ways, and the ecosystem of tools to increase efficiency hasn't developed yet. At the same time the count of full nodes is falling— increasing the cost of running one right now may not be a good strategy. > so I think it's unlikely that Bitcoin will develop second-layer scalability protocols first I don't have any interest in being first. I'd much better have a well designed and considered approach. Unfortunately, so far, none of the alt-systems— even ones which raised millions of dollars of funding— have developed anything that turned out to be useful to implement in Bitcoin. Maybe that will change. I like Frama-C a lot in theory, though in practice I found it hard to use except on very small code segments. When its unable to prove a range the feedback you get from the solvers is inscrutable enough that its very hard to figure out what additional data it would need to satisfy the analysis. (Sort of like parsing C++ compiler template related errors) I'd hoped that language features like the typestate stuff that used to be in Rust would someday make the work required to use sound analysis tools in production code smaller. I'm not sure if much thought has been given to what kinds of accommodations languages could give to ease static analysis while still being programmer friendly. It seems that newer languages have actually moved away from analysis friendliness in some respects, however. E.g. in C a signed overflow is always a bug so if analysis can prove one is possible you have something to fix. Several modern languages have defined signed operations to wrap and so that obvious safety test is no longer available. (You could define in your own code that it should never wrap, effectively writing in a subset of the language, but as soon as you call into third party code you never know if an overflow was intended and safe or not— not without extensive analysis) Right, the borrow checker does great things. But memory safety is only one aspect of program correctness— though a universal and very important one. If a program does anything important, if it handles secrets, if it enforces invariants ("the robots arm must not be out of the safe area"), etc. then other aspects of the programs logic may be just as safety critical as memory safety. Frama-C can prove other things about program saftey: this calculation cannot overflow, this error state can never be reached, this operation will complete within X steps... even if the results of non-safety don't result in anything to do with memory errors. Some of the programmers expectations can be extracted from the program— signed integers won't overflow, loops (unless otherwise annotated) will always terminate, pointers will not be extended outside of their objects, a pointer to an integer won't be called as a function pointer, behavior will not depend on the order function arguments are evaluated in, etc. Some of the expectations must be expressed as assertions. Once as many of the programmers expectations are understood the analysis needs to know the invariants that allow them to be true. Some of these can be extracted, some must be asserted. The gap that exists today is that a lot that could be extracted (e.g. by another programmer reading in a context free way, with high probability of success) can't be soundly extracted because there is a lot of technically valid behavior which is just usually unlikely to be what anyone intended. This means that anyone attempting to apply tools like frama-c has to spend a lot of time making the implicit assumptions explicit with assertions. Thats why I was saying that something like making singed overflow defined may be a step backwards because it takes a whole class of "you couldn't possibly have intended this behavior" back to "maybe you meant this". I'm curious about the heft you're talking about. Is there any public cryptanalysis by any of the Ethereum folks? Any widely used software projects? Cryptographic protocols? (I don't say this to argue otherwise, but I wasn't aware of any particular track record there, and a quick google didn't turn it up— so I was surprised to see that being said... Most of the people I know are involved in it were responsible for non-technical things in Bitcoin space or more or less failed other altcoins) OSCP also leaks which sites you're visiting when to the CA (or anyone on the network path who can intercept the OSCP request). Some people point out that DNS leaks this information too, but DNS has extensive caching which reduces the leak. > processors and merchants accepting bitcoin payments Citation needed. The existing behavior is very easy to rip off: You write two transactions, the one paying yourself, one paying the merchant. Simultaneously you hand a big miner the first while handing every other node you can reach the second. It's very likely that the first doesn't propagate at all, but you'll have a decent successrate at reversing. Blockchain.info even had a handy tool before to author double spends but they've removed it. In any case; there is some real subtly here. Both the case where miners are alturistic and don't help doublespends even if bribed and where miners always just take the highest bidder are consistent models which can enable safe zero conf transactions. But the transaction styles you use to get safe zeroconf are very different, and inconsistent behavior in the network is basically pessimal. There has been some debate in the past if the greedy behavior shouldn't already be the default: most people believe that it will eventually be in that state, and so there is a tradeoff between setting the right expectations for the long term but requiring more advanced handling of zero-conf vs having the best security for the simplest possible ways of using Bitcoin. I don't think there is a clear answer to the tradeoff, but because the inconsistency is bad I think if non-trivial hashpower picks this up the network will need to change the default behavior. (Since I expect someone will ask: To get safe-zero-conf in the greedy miner world, you have the party pay you (optionally with an additional security fee if they are really untrusted), and if you see them a doublespend you spend the entire payment to fees (so you'll win the auction very likely). If they've provided any security at all their expectation is negative, if you make them provide enough security (E.g. security = tx value plus ε) then you can give them negative expectation without losing money yourself.) Considering that the parts of C99 that it doesn't support are also not supported by MSVC I can't imaging that that alone is much of a big deal. The prohibition on commercial use is a much bigger barrier, I expect. This is even better than my supermicro 1u systems which turned out to be running a non-disableable-in-bios unpasworded remote management interface which provided console access exposed to the network that I only found by scanning the subnet. "Intel inside" indeed.