LOL As if Apple is the root of all problems. As if Foxconn only manufacture products from Apple. As if people are FORCED to work in those conditions. As if they DONT have a choice of not working there. And i am sorry peeps, what happen if Apple suddenly decide to double pay Foxconn? What happens if EVERYONE double pay them? Would those people get double their salary? And it is great that Foxconn are now considering using Advance robotics instead, more people Jobless, more people suffer. Oh, and i forgot, American has once been through this stage as well, and looking from the web it is obvious they dont teach history there. Late to the Discussions, but i am surprise no one has mentioned atmail -www.atmail.com They have a cloud solution too. Personally i think this is the best email services. In the end it is about trust. Sometimes i just wish ISP would provide better DNS services. Well at least it is some great idea to look into. Although M$ has a habit of copying other people's idea and make it WORST. Another day to go before Windows 8 CP. I thought i was the only one who see this. Why haven't the blog been updated to something much more useful? Could someone care to expand and explain more on this? 1.They aren't really cash, they are cash equivalent. And it is interesting for other company, Newspaper only signal out what is really "cash" and leave those "cash equivalent" like bonds as separate thing. 2. Apple likes to have some money in the bank, so they dont need to borrow on anything. 3. Over 60% of its co called cash are overseas. Which means they cant really do anything with it. 4. The other 40%, are used for operational cost, paying big in front for favorable price, R&D, and even acquiring companies. 5. Apple has LOTS of High Profile Stores. Those Stores are long terms liabilities, and they do cost a bit operate. In the case of another huge economy downturn, those cash are what makes them stay afloat. I was actually wondering what happens if Apple do have 100B to buy into bonds or what ever, that is 2B a year of interest coming from it. I thought of the same as well, would really like some constructive discussion on the differences. Just a few things about not only a language barrier, but more importantly a culture barrier. Language Barrier is easier to break. Then there is the obvious, IRC always tends to get lots of slang and jokes, that even Brits from UK wouldn't get what that US American are laughing about. And this put off a lot of Eastern Developers. P.S - Nice to know DS read HN. I read a paper about it recently, and it states while everything is good, it will still takes years of research and development, trial and testing before it moves into deployment stage. So unless someone with many BILLIONS decide to tackle the problem, the time it takes Thorium to get traction making it not really an alternative ATM. We know this for a long time. Few years down the road in sub 10nm, we will reach the era where we cant shrink transistor endlessly. The problem with chip stacking on die is how to get rid of the heat passing through each layer. Stacking in itself has proven to be feasible by the Memory Cube. Where Heat isn't much of a concern. I wonder if Github will offer anything similar? Or will 37signal and GitHub merge one day? It will still take time to build Bring in new customers who are using Hipchat Bring in new talent. Half of your dev team uses IE o.O ?? JD is very good, but sorry to say he is not even close to being next SJ. I was guessing it would be GitHub. Buying Back Stocks or Dividend doesn't do any good for Apple, Apart from its shareholders. I am thinking on Worldwide Data Carrier Network. But Apple doesn't own ANY frequency spectrum. And there isn't a single worldwide common Whitespace for them to use. Buying Intel isn't out of reach. You only need 51% of Intel Stocks. And Apple can afford that. IT fits them in many ways. And i think Intel is pretty cheap for its price in terms of investment. Although i doubt that is realistically possible. That is another part i like about Server Side Rendering. You have much more control. Rendering Web Page would work well with your 1Ghz Machine. Email From Mediatemple, (mt) mail, which itself is based on Atmail You could get a Cloud Based version of Atmail from atmailcloud.com/ I think they are really expensive. I still found it hard to believe no one could beat the price on StormOnDemand.... I am still skeptical..... because of how good they sound and how cheap they are. And Yet no one mention them ANY where. For example HPcloud bandwidth is 3x the price. And HPcloud does not even offer Regional Hosting like AWS does. They only good thing i see is Akamai CDN. I hope they will offer DNS from Akamai as well. P.S - I am not in anyway connected to LiquidWeb / StormOnDemand. Is making those compiler features simple and easy? I was wondering why Rails.app need $25,000 while this is like half the price. I have no idea about broad meetings, how many % do you need in meetings to make such a move? I was under the assumption you only need over 50%, which he has already. Or is it different US? Why the heck are they making an Old, soon to be unused Ruby 1.8.3 as ISO standard. They should be thinking about 2.0 instead. But LuaJIT 2 is insanely fast, even the Heavy / Fast Ruby isn't even anywhere near its speed. So why would one choose mRuby over Lua? I am not sure if anyone on HN know what is Line. Since US / EU uses Whatsapp. Can you really just bring back the whole Asteroid? I mean without even knowing what exactly is inside and extraterrestrial hazard? But As somebody pointed out the operation cost does not yet make this feasible. The RAW materials inside are priced by supply and demand. While the cost of mining is pretty much fixed for a long period of time. Apple are great in many areas and things but absolutely poor in Internet services. They need to seriously overhaul that software department. I was going to ask, is this something new for CDN or do others like Akamai and EdgeCast offers something similar? Same thoughts here. I could never understand why anyone would go with AWS EC2. It is expensive and slow. You could get much better deals from other dedicated providers or cloud providers. Route53 is ok and improving although i would still recommend DNSmadeeasy. Interesting, according to the stats, if you have = sign done with out the shift it would have saved another 20% of the keystrokes. " Prompted by the occasion rather than being planned in advance" So what's wrong with it? Apart from Tax, there is also the problem with fluctuation of exchange rate. Then there are operating cost and other sorts of things. There is still quite a margin, but same type of Electronics devices would have cost more in UK compare to US even without the tax difference. So it is not really a Apple thing at all. Since you manage to survive using shared host, your proberly dont need a "best" host as most of the host ( VPS ) will be good enough for you. Check out Linode or Dediserve. May be Intel has paid them to publish these numbers? Otherwise I have no idea why they are stupid enough to post it on the net. I think the Design is good on first sight but doesn't carry over with time. It is the excitement in graphics but little in design philosophy. Compare to Android 4.0 and Apple. I have similar concern as well. Is there any way to use Cloudflare with other DNS like DNS Made Easy? Really? Well may be they are for the big boys, none of the commonly used CDN advertise it, All Hosting providers reselling Level 3, Akamai, EdgeCast, NetDNA or even Amazon Cloudfront dont show it either. I wonder why these aren't available to normal users. Opus, A lot better, it is a rather strange beast that it nearly manage to outperform in every category. With a bit more tuning work for a year or two it could properly be on the same level with AAC @ 256Kbps. And Holy Fxxk that is some awesome Hardcore Video and Audio hacker discussion. Great Stuff!!!! I could understand reasons for their support for VP8. But "superior quality" is definitely not a strength on VP8 side. Being in Patents Pools doesn't mean they dont need to pay licensing. It just means they are on both paying and receiving ends. Since there are thousands of patents on H.264, Apple are only recieiving a tiny amount compared to what they paid out. I wonder if anyone actually use the framework's built-in webserver for everything! Sounds Great and i wonder what happens in practice. Anyone know of any real world usage on this? On Pricing, I must be missing something because All EdgeCast, CDNetwork and Akamai Resellers are similarly priced. And unless you get to lots of traffics for the majority these Big CDN player wont even deal with us directly. Although with only 7 PoPs i could understand why you think it is overpriced. They tried with OpenGL 3, but then it took them years and the plan were scrapped. ( That is when Microsoft brings DirectX 9 to the table, which is well designed and much more usable then OpenGL ). They restarted development a few years ago to clean up the mess. The main reason why OpenGL did not get a restart were because of pressures from CAD and 3D Modelling Industry. True, I am hoping Ruby 2.0, and Rails 4.0 will improvement on those front. I completely agree. I can only imagine the whole thing turns into chaos. What about those with non Active Facebook account? Same Treatment? There is also SmartOS as well. Well i think he is referring to Smart DataCenter, which runs on Smart OS etc. This may be totally off topic. But Flickr? While the story may be true It seems to be another new marketing things under new management to generate more buzz. Well they are using tricks and newer technique to make better quality pictures while still within the official specs. So it is not exactly outside to the official specs at all. Well at least this time it will be much faster then H.264, Hardware decoder are already in the work with many things could be reused fro H.264 HP Decoding. So unless there are any major changes HEVC decoder will be coming much quicker. Some Video Decoder IP has already begin to list HEVC decode as a feature. They could have just refund ALL of those money as credits for JoyentCloud. Would this be a better solution? So you essentially got "x" years of hosting plus Those money back as credits. Well that is like a much better deal. Although it would have been much better if they have done this earlier. I was about to write that as well, Apple are using less Apple APSL themselves and moving to wards Apache 2.0 License, and using more BSD / MIT equivalent. Since the Table only includes GPL / LGPL and the not used APSL no wonder why the numbers are dropping. As a matter of fact it is catching up quite nicely. Haswell are looking at 2.5x of current HD4000 performance. And Broadwell will do another 2x of Haswell. These performance would have been nice if not for Retina display manages to use 4x the pixel on screen. Things are just never fast enough. My thoughts exactly, although most of the time Space should be cheap enough where the DC are located. But you would need at least 2 - 3x the size of DC to handle that. The Oil also needs money, and the extra cost to handle the construction, etc. And if google could already achieve 10- 20% figure then it is properly not worth while to do it within that 18% savings. I think the performance gap between ARMv8 and x86 Haswell are just far too great. Well because every site are made different, and uses different tech, with different bottleneck. But with SSD, RAM becoming a commodity, ( both prices has been dropping shapely ) I/O are much easier to deal with. And with every release of PostgreSQL / MySQL, Easier Database Replication and more common practice of scaling we are much much better at it then say 2 - 3 years ago. "Consumers may not be happy with the yearly paid update cycles," That is one of the complain i heard most about. "But the fierce competition between Parallels and Fusion has led the market to a mature and capable state and consumers of both products will likely be satisfied with their performance." I think there is so much truth in it. Without bunch of consumers playing every year, there will be no incentive to make gaming performance and other improvement. This is likely the first time in history Virtualisation has catered Gaming market. And their performance are now, more then enough for most of our usage. For a 16yrs old locally schooled HK student your English amazed me. Is not that DRAM is dead, it is simply Intel will be putting Memory Cube, or Stacked DRAM or TSV Memory what ever you wanted to call it in the CPU die itself. Stacked DRAM provides up to 1Tbit/s of bandwidth. More then the current Graphics Card has. As SSD gets faster every year, we need less memory to cache off the content where we used to need for performance reason from a HDD. With Windows 8 i have been using less then 4GB of Ram including standby, with Virtual Memory turned off. ( I have 16GB of Memory ). The future CPU die could easily stack 4 1Gbit DRAM with 8 layers of up to 4GB of Memory. Coupled with a SSD that goes up to 2GB/s transfer. Well we needed to define what bloated means. While we have always point to its size. Most of the time it is including too many things we dont need and want while the whole thing is slow and large in size. If the app with 10GB can open in less then a seconds then i dont think many would have complained. The problem is all these apps are getting slower, even with the Hardware performance improvement, and they take up valuable SSD space. iTunes is one hell of bloat. Because you simply dont use your Music Player to manage your iPhone! It simply does not make any sense. And telling casual users to install itunes is just making the problem even worst. The Sync Apps should be linked with your Media Player Library or Playlist. But it should not be the same app. As a matter of fact, get rid of Sync with iTunes and use iCloud instead. There are lots of bits and pieces in OSX that is showing its age. It wasn't much of a problem when Microsoft fail to make decent OS, and Google wasn't doing Android. Now Windows 8 has a shit UI but brilliant Internals, and Android is basically a Linux with cooperate backing. Apple seems to lack enough Software Engineers for an OS internal development. In my view only Route53 and DNSMadeEasy are worth looking at. Others are simply too expensive. Or in the case of CloudFlare it is very slow at times. DNSMadeEasy is one of the fastest DNS ( actually it is the fastest according to many test ) While being one of the cheapest option out there. They lack a few Advanced DNS features compared to others. But for Normal hosting most of the time you wont need to use it. Loads slow in Firefox. Sigh..... Thx, I hope this get pushed up to front page. And prove my comparative theory, Apple will know they happen to be good only because their competitors are bad. I think we need some rethinking into the whole mess of sync. It is not easier, even for some technically minded individuals. And may be someday Apple could charge $50 or more per iDevices and have iCloud Backup as standard. No more messing around with iTunes Sync. And my friends wont cry when her iPhone has been stolen and lost all the pucs she took over the years. This is equivalent of 360 for Russia? ( 360 is a browser in China derived from Chromium as well ) Using it for a few minutes, few things i really like. 1. Someone finally put the Refresh and Stop Button where it should be. Firefox actually had it during beta testing but they somehow decide to but it at the end of the Address bar instead. 2. The Graphics, Curve, Looks more like better then the comparatively toyish Chrome. 3. The Options have always belonged to the Tab Bar and not the address bar. To me i think that is the most logical place for it. 4. The New Tab drop page, I like it. But i am sure i have seen it somewhere else before. Opera? I cant remember. 5. Flash - Since Flash is only available in Chrome and not Chromium. I am not sure if Flash inside Yandex or any other Chromium derivative are using PPAPI or the old NPAPI. Anyone? 6. No, no tabs overflow...... So i am sticking with Firefox. Even the PDF is Foxit which means it is nearly the same as Chrome except for the UI. Arh. True i didn't notice it. But Once you click on the address bar it does show back its address. Not a bad thing i guess. Will need to use it more before i can draw conclusion. Wouldn't prefetching actually bumps up the page view? So say, every Android and iPhone Devices, and may be Windows Phone 8 will come with a default hidden VoIP inside, if it is collected using LTE it will use that instead, the data would then be discounted over in the Mobile Network. This to act as a temp solution until VoLTE comes. Like Jeremy Clarkson in Top Gear, How hard can it be? The article also fails to mention why VoLTE is hard and takes so long. It said many different network operator has many different implementations. And even if that is true there is only a handful of network provider these days that network operator uses, Errisson, Nokia-Simens, ZTE, Huawei, and i dont know who else. ( Samsung?? ) They had to test again 3 others. Again how hard could that be? Surely you would need energy to chilled the Air to Liquid? Exactly. I am guessing you would need at least 4 - 5 times the pageview/hr to handle a website with 375 Million PV/M load. Would the Final Name still be called Rust? Or is it a code name only? So with about the same CPU time, JRuby will use up to 100x memory in worst case? Anyway Ruby 2.0 is suppose to solve the Ruby is Slow problem. although i have yet to see any evidence that will the case. Sigh. Any performance and memory usage improvement benchmarks? I was hoping Ruby 2.0 will no longer be dog slow... It isn't even about identifying. Browett has to be one of the worst choice on the planet in terms of executive. I dont even know how he got into CEO of Dixon in the first place. Anyway all that is past, now that he is gone lets hope they either find someone great or simply promote what they already have. The problem is it took him too long to know this as a mistake. Exactly. I see nothing wrong or made up in that. All the presented information are facts. They are saying in a way, we lost, and here are the facts. In a case May be the the Judge should order the Prime Minister for an Public apology and if he does not like it, apologise until he likes? This is just stupid. And this isn't a Apple's is right or wrong issues with Samsung Copied or not either. Exactly. Exactly. Again i have difficulty understanding the notion behind it. You can rule, and fine, or what ever you want. But you cant force me to apologise or admit something that i do not believe in. Thanks, that is finally making some sense to me. I have been doing research on DNS for my project. And below are some of my findings / Opinions. I am not going to paid a large sums of money on DNS. And that rules out some of the options like Dyn. You want a 3rd Party DNS mainly because of HA and Speed. Route53 and OnApp hosting's DNS do really well, but they are slow in some areas. DNSMadeEasy was the best i could find, it doesn't have any PoPs in Asia areas, but other then that it is pretty much the fastest DNS services in US and EU. And it is surprisingly cheap as well for the low to Mid traffic. Expensive at the Higher End compared to Route53 but i guess it wouldn't matter much when you reach that sort of traffic. I would actually love to use CloudFlare, you get free DNS + analytics. For Personal site i think it is great. For anything business related i still have doubts. They have expanded quite lot of areas over the last 6 months. But last times i looked its speed aren't great compared to OnApp or Route53. Its downtime is also higher. Interesting, that is something i not think about much, any solution to that? Interesting that After all these years Compiler still haven't catch up with self written Assembly speed. Or is there some LLVM optimization not used yet? Comparatively how much memory was Node.js using? I am expecting some momentum too once Nginx and Redis Lua support both grow together. So Source 2 Vs Unreal 4 Vs CryEngine 4 And hopefully some MEGA Super Texture All artwork ID Engine 6. I still fail to understand why AWS is growing. It is slow and expensive. It may be useful, and a lot cheaper if you could plan the AWS with spot price, long term rental, and generally play the AWS game. May be someone should work on Ruby to Lua instead? Using Lua and LuaJIT as a underlying languages. Like Coffescript to Javascript. That would be a lot faster then working on Ruby VM. And since Ruby 2.0's VM is still as slow as hell compared to LuaJIT That is because the world hate GWAN, ( for some strange reason ) But i do hope GWAN takes off soon. Edit: Just a note that next official version of GWAN will be released in the next couple of weeks according to comments in Stackoverflow http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13286818/what-is-the-diff... I have been asking, and wondering why would anyone want to use AWS. It is insanely expensive. It is Slow on CPU, Slow on I/O, Low on Bandwidth, Low on memory, and Zero Support. Compared to many other alternatives that gives you 3 – 4 times the on all the above plus better support for the same price. Even their High CPU and Memory plan is still on the expensive side, only the High I/O SSD offers some value. AWS works great when you are in the mid range of expanding, then you can calculate your usage and book their server in advance using Reserved Instances. Instagram and Netflix as example. But that is hassle you have to put though, there are alternatives that are priced and perform just as well without using Reserved Instances. And once you got past the mid range, a managed dedicated server and some instant cloud severs should be much more cost effective. Apart from being forced by VC ( because they are heavily invested in Amazon ) i could not understand why startup are choosing AWS at all. I understand how Ruckus could be doing IPO. Since they actually solve the problem with too many WiFi connections going to single point. Problems we have seen in Hotels, and Apple Expo. etc How is Meraki different? Since Ruckus is a software + hardware solution. Arh. I should have written EC2. Sorry for the confusion. ( Will double check next time before i make a post ) I do realize there is other AWS services that are great and simple to use. But for hosting i dont think anyone should choose EC2. They are more like C+ with C++ minus a set of features. And there are those who write C style in C++ for various of reason. And everyone knew the huge amount of software in C++. Why the list? Yes but the info is very old. I wonder if Adobe is still using it and would provide some sort of update. No Lua IDE from them as they have half promised, or anything i have seen they contribute back to Lua. Was wondering if they were using LuaJIT as well. Yes, Rust is great, all the lessons learned what not to do with C++. I could only hope Rust is (still) just a codename..... Notable absent from that list is he fired Pat Gelsinger. Please just bring him back as CEO. Well no one on the ARM market other then AMD has the expertise in Server CPU. Nvidia may be able to do a very High Performance ARM CPU for HPC but it is completely different matter on Server. There will also be NAS, Small Server, etc and whole not of other market where a big name ARM player could help. Although most of that wont happen till 2015. I am not sure if there is enough time for AMD. And given the recent sales figures that 70-80% of CPU sales are coming from APU, the APU is rasiing, CPU is a shrinking business, it makes sense for AMD to consolidate and make that 80% better and slightly more profitable rather then trying to complete with an aggressive Intel. Speed and Memory usage. Both needs a huge improvement. And i could not understand why they are even trying with mRuby. ( I mean have they not heard of a thing called Lua and LuaJIT? ) Hopefully a lot of the tweaks and refinement will come from now to Final 2.0 release. I had yet seen any benchmarks of reviews of such indication. Ruby 2.0 is a tiny steps in performance and GC. It would be nice if you could point me to some resources. List of features still waiting for. Generational GC OMTC - Off main thread composition SuperSnappy - a mini e10s Support of H.264 Codec - aka playing H.264 using the codec that comes default in Windows Vista, 7 & 8. XP Users get fallback to Flash Four Big features, lets hope Mozilla will finish them off in 2013. I wonder how much more performance can we squeeze off from compiler. Since x86 had the advantage from years of tuning. But if a Ivy Bridge of upcoming Haswell was throw into the chart i guess ARM as a performance solution still has a long long way to go. Lotus Notes as an Email client sucks. And i am forced to use it in my company. I guess since i dont use it that way, Lotus Notes is a very powerful "platform", that allows you to create different things around it. Viewing as a application, it is just truly awful. The best thing i have read is that Notes will have a plug in ( Why Plugin ? ) for browsers that allows you to fully access all of its functionality. I hope the mail part could be used from browser without the plugin. That way i no longer have to fire up the slow and bloated application for what i consider a simple task of emailing. This article make an assumption about twitter, that it has a technological leads in scaling things and doing it at x message a minutes. I used to think that as well. Until i saw Weibo's numbers, which in terms of a message per minutes volume is much higher then twitter. So while web tech and scaling is hard, both are not fundamental problem to Apple's web tech. It properly has more to do with its internal culture on Web services. That is 6x improvement in speed. Why cant some of these become default? I think there is two problems with Apple in this case. 1. The Services Level shown is subpar compared to what it is in US. Most of the time we see good services, free exchanges and repaired are actually stories in US. Outside US customers are treated like a second class citizen. 2. The guy bought AppleCare for Christ Sake. Why not just replace it when it is a known issues with LG display type. Depends how many files you have, but for a general answer it should be 1. I have similar experience with CloudFlare. The Speed just isn't there. Most CDN perform MUCH better then them. I would love to pay to even get faster speed. But that is not the model they decided to work on. I hope they will have more speed improvement coming in soon. I would love to see how CloudFlare response to this. If they do. From my own testing Cloudflare definitely isn't the fastest CDN, but it has been improving since start of the year and now to an acceptable standard for a CDN. Especially it is free. Great, Sometimes i just wish Wordpress would officially support Postgre. I wonder why they NOT gave up the issues earlier at all. They were battling in my view as a lost battle before they start. I would be surprise if these new chips even comprise of more then 20% of the current total market shares. There are many who claimed to have Hardware Decode of Vp8 are actually not fully hardware accelerated. Then there was the quality issue. VP8 Sucks. It sucks less now but it is still inferior to x264 encodes. Then there were the cost benefits of converting to Vp8, no bandwidth saving, more storage cost, and other resources for converting its existing library of video FAR out weight the benefits of using a "not yet proven" patents free video which gives not quality or other improvement. Dont get me wrong, I am not against Vp8 or Patents Free Video Codec. But i am just being realistic here. It is going to be hard, but at least Opus has proven you can actually create Best of Current Audio Codec and patents free. And Mozilla are already working Daala ( Code Name, and i Hope it remains as a code name only ) aims to have superior performance to h.265. The name Safari is still one of those mystery to me, I like the name, and my guess it properly came from the idea of Navigation -> Compass - > Safari. Although i was expecting a post to truly reveal the mystery behind the reason for such a name. That is until BB works out a one click migration tool from GitHub to Grab those OpenSource Directly to BB. While they have definitely make jumps in their UI and UX. It is Definitely NOT on par with GitHub. And they didn't get rid of Ads. There are simply less of them. Not that i have a problem with earning money from Ads, but from a limited UI point of view we already have too many info we want and need. Has SourceForge done this years earlier it may still have a fighting chance against Github. Now the only contender left is BitBucket. You can win three times Lottery Jackpot and you still wouldn't create a damn thing that is anywhere near Apple's Product. Not that they are insanely great, but no one would put label them as cheap, crap or mindlessly crafted. And you can met Woz, but you would still have failed creating a company. And properly failed miserably. Steve Lived at the dawn of the personal computing age, and got kicked butt by IBM, M$ and Intel. Wow. Lucky He got kicked out of his own founding company. Extremely Lucky. There are properly some luck involved in every successful billionaires, Bill Gate for exmaple. But Steve, I would put him as the last one on the list. So Yes. It is a Sin. [x] Isn't is possible to have your code base compiled soly for AMRv8 and leave the baggage and compatibility behind in one or two revisions. I am guessing Apple may be able to pull this off with a pure ARMv8 advantage. I continue to hear how MIPS is still technically and architecture better then even the cleaner ARMv8. But they never succeed. So how an ISA succeed depends on a lot of other factors/ Isn't it possible to have a Pure ARMv8 SoC? And leave all the old things behind? (The "cost structure" of the company is built to support much higher margin chips.") That is where you got it completely wrong. Intel can produce ARM based SoC that earns nearly the same margin as they are currently selling their CPU. Not to mention you keep referencing x86 and Intel as the same thing. As the way they are and for the foreseeable future. I could literally bet anything that Intel wont die. Simply because Intel could still be the BEST Fab player you could ever imagine. In terms of State of Act Fabs, they beat TSMC, UMC, GF, and Samsung Combined! And Intel aren't dumb either, that have the best of the best Fab Engineers. And the Resources and R&D that is put now for the coming 3 - 5 years in the future. So Intel wont die. x86? That depends. If you look at the die shot of SoC you will notice CPU are playing less and less part in die areas. It used to be 50+%, Now it is less then 30%. CPU, or ISA is becoming less important. You will need a combination of CPU, GPU, Wirless, I/O and other things to succeed. If you think of Linux Kernel Development as a company then i see nothing wrong with that. In the eyes of CEO, one of his SVP did something totally unacceptable by SVP standard. Atom SoC NEVER cost close to $100. And it doesn't cost $40 now either. What you are talking about is the Desktop Atom. Which is different to Mobile / Tablet Costing. I dont think anyone should doubt Intel's Enginerring Power to bring Power and Performance Level unseen before to SoC market. The only problem is Margin and Price. Who these should work out are remain to be seen. Well it is not very new as it has been discussed for a while. But at least now more people knows about it. But as the recent Reference Implementation has shown H.265 is moving ahead faster then the previous H.264 has happened. Its quality is already quite good, and many manufacturers are ready to show their Encoder and Decoder in CES. So for both Software and Hardware Encoder, they are waiting for the final draft and final validation before making them for sale. VP9 is finally shaping up to be good. VP8 was never up to x.264 encoder standard. At least VP9 is making some quality improvement. But most of the current VP9 material just reads like marketing BS. While i would love to see Daala, or a codec from Mozilla rather then Google to succeed. It is just not going to happen. Mozilla has never been known for fast moving, and the amount of engineering required for a Video Codec is just huge. Even Google couldn't pull it off. And i doubt Mozilla can. Since Daala is still in research stage and it would take at least 2 year before anything done. By the time H.265 is already well ahead. I have absolutely ZERO knowledge on Enterprise Networking. But it strikes me that something as dump as Router, Switches or Network Equipment are still so unstable. A Hypothetical questions, why not something a 8 ARM 64 bit core Linux computer as switches? Making more logic resides in software instead? I am going to ask a honestly stupid question. What is going to happen to ZFS? Sorry if this is Slightly off topic. Although the comments has already started discussing on it. The OpenSource version of it, or the BSD version of it is only up to v28. And it seems after that Oracle is no longer putting out update as open source and what will happen after that? Disparity between Oracle version and BSD version? And are features still being developed? Most of limitation listed in Wiki hasn't change at all for the past years and are still listed as under development. And that pretty much concludes the article? Serving Cached Dynamic Site with CDN and Static Site with CDN should have the same speed assuming CDN is the same. Which make this speedtest a little point less no? Same here, Firefox 19 Uhm... That is what is happening in Japan. But Not in China. I looked up its performance in ServerBear, In terms of SSD Host, IOPS is not that great. Bandwidth is also low. Both not much of problem since you are very unlickly to saturate those numbers in low end host. UnixBench is the problem I see. I would like to see higher Plans benchmarks. As we all know unmetered bandwidth, SSD, CPU Core are all meaningless. You could have a 1Mbps Port, Only tiny share of SSD Speed ( Are they RAID SSD ? ), Overselling of CPU resources etc. They should have at least had a a announcement mailing list for me to enter.... While i am a Mozilla Fans, i hate to admit it is just not a well run company. Are there like many of these floating around? It seems like We get a "Like Bootstrap" every week or so. Ink, http://ink.sapo.pt/index.php Didn't even got to frontpage two weeks ago. And possibly many others. Few Points. 1. To the Post above on VP8 better then x264. Comparing a single frame, single video, single....? isn't very detail. VP8 has improved A LOT!. That is true. But as far as i am concern and many other video encoder it is also true that it hasn't match x264 yet. 2. VP9 is great! It has matched and in many case even exceed x264 quality. Although there would still be areas where x264 perform better simply because it is much more mature. 3. So given more time VP9 will very likely beat x264 quality. It is only with 10% range of HEVC / h.265 JM, under benchmarks. So it will very likely beat that too. 4. Do bare in mind JM is reference encoder. So it does not in anyway show the full potential of h.265 as a codec. While VP9 is itself the standard and the best encoder available. If you look at the difference between h.264 JM and x264. I will argue it is very likely x265 ( If DS decide to do it ) will still be better then VP9. 5. Daala... as much as i love Mozilla, knowing their pace of work and Daala's current condition, expect it to compete with h.266 or VP10. 6. Patents are not evil. Patents Trolls are. I would rather want Tab Overflow in Chrome. But They already dismissed that. That is why i am staying with Firefox. "While I'd love a patent- and royalty-free video format to offer the highest quality compression you can find, I wouldn't hold my breath for one." I wonder why couldn't they allow software usage ( Encoder and Decoder ) to be free. And only collect royalty on Hardware, and Industry Production use. I think there is also Public Domain. Which has Zero Clauses. But I also think there were issues with Public Domain isn't exactly a licenses and acceptable in every country. Yes. I have always wanted to ask. So what is the difference between BSD and MIT? Well that is not really a problem with Node itself. Are there any framework like Rails for Node? Then makes ( or try to make ) all the best options for you? Yes. The problem is, there are two screen size for iMac, Macbook Pro, Macbook Air and iPad. And yet they only have 1 for iPhone. I dont agree with different product line either. But Just 1 more, 1 more larger screen size. There are a world of people who NEEDS to use their both hand anyway. ( As the article points out, those who actually needs to write their languages instead of typing it. ) 1.Hong Kong never was, and never will be the trend setter. Dont know who make this BS up but he properly dont have a clue about the Region. And neither Singapore will. 2. The Point about Chinese Writing and Video are mostly true. As a Phone, and purely as a phone it is rather hard to argue about the quality iPhone offers. Indeed Single Handed operation is important if not the most important factor. However these days they aren't using it as a phone anymore. Phone has neglect into a relatively 2nd class function. The region ( I mention the region as CJK, and some other countries close by; ) uses Whatsapp, ( or other type of IM that most of US and EU users never heard of ) more to communicate then calling. While it is extremely popular to use iMessage in US and EU. This isn't the case there. Writing, ( Specific to Chinese, since Japaness and Korean has a comparatively simpler and default input method ) is harder on a iPhone with a smaller screen. Since IM is used more often then Calls this create another barrier for users compared to a larger screen, and much better selection of input method on Android devices. The Video Part as well. Compared to US and EU users. CJK regions are very used to Subtitle. ( Yes even the video is in their own languages. And of coz all the Hollowood movies will have subtitle as well ) Now imagining watching Video on iPhone compared to a Wider devices with Subtitle. The Subitle would have taken significant amount of space. 3. It is hard to explain the Korea Pop to everyone. KARA, Super Junior or Girls Generation. If you dont know them dont worry. You properly know Psy from Gangnam Style. The pop culture, mixing in the 10 times more advertising budget from Samsung compared to Apple. It is not hard to understand why these are more popular region where K-POPs are hot. But knowing Apple. Chances of Releasing a bigger iPhone is slim or next to zero. I was hoping they release a 3.8" and 4.34" with iPhone 5. But Since they took the 4" size that is likely to be the case in the foreseeable future. And even if they did release a bigger screen size version. It properly wont be called an iPhone then. Exactly... >>Having been a professional software engineer (C++, Java, assembly code, drivers, compression, encryption, threading, server code) for 25 years, and having used Macs since they first appeared back in the early 1980’s, I have a long and deep perspective on the evolution of Mac OS X (now just “OS X”). I expect A LOT more then that is that is really what he did. Something ( Plant? ) That could take Solar Energy within the desert and turn into a Liquid Fuel ( Diesel ? ), that could be refined ( using the electricity from the Desert ) into usable fuel in today's Diesel or Patrol Engine, without emitting any ( or most ) of the harmful substance that we current do. That would be the best of best Fuel type, require no change of Engine in Planes and Cars. But still as clean. Of Coz i am only dreaming of one. Route 53 is slow ( For a paid solution ). At least when i tested it. It you are doing to use a Third Party DNS that you paid you are either going with the best ones or ones that are good enough like OnApp Anycast DNS. Well Gelsinger and Meyer are both already well known for anyone who has followed anything slightly in CPU world. I would be more interested to know insider story why Gelsinger left, or pushed out. Facts: For $40 Dollar you get a 4GB Droplet from DO, not 2GB, So you actually get 4x the memory. And yes their Networking isn't that great. Yes. But you are not comparing a hosting company to hosting company. In the above example, Linode Win hands down. DO just need to improve on their Networking. ( But i guess you get what you paid for ) It depends. Some people get a decent speed in both DC. Some dont. For a hosting company you want most people to be in the great speed camp, and good speed for the rest. I suggested to remove I/O in Unixbench on WHT, is that still being considered? During my resrach for performance / $ I recently discovered a host specialise in Minecraft hosting that offers one of the best performance for its price. Check Out Simplenode. ( I am not related to them in anyways ) Rackspace Cloud is the next poorest performing and most expensive VPS next to AWS EC2. And even though Rackspace calls its VPS cloud it isn't cloud at all. But Unlike AWS where you get all the other AWS features and services via API and a half decent price if you play their reserve pricing and bid game. Rackspace has NONE. That is because there are a lot more people using 4G in Japan then HK. Which only recently rolled out. Would asm.js reduce JS memory usage? Would non computational scripts benefits from this? Things that are widely used like jQuery. Sounds like Cheap and Powerful, So what is stopping this from mass production? My Phone could help with a charging time of less then a minutes!. Would love to see the updated test once Ruby 2.0 is out in a few days time. Still waiting for Ruby 2.0 Benchmarks I wish Github would bring back the download binaries feature, at least provide it as a Pay option to pay for the bandwidth. I agree. I would love to see some article on What TurboLinks actually breaks and How to avoid it. As much as the world love JS and Client Side Rendering. My Experience is that most of these people are either designing it with Chrome in Mind ( And hell yes they are ) or People using other browsers with a single tab at a time. ( Tell me if any single developer test their website in a Multi Tab environment ) Having JS heavy web page will slow down the browsers. That even includes Chrome, you just need a larger number of tabs. On Firefox a few JS heavy site with a slow computer will make your site experience sucks. Although not a single user would blame the site ( It is always the browsers' fault. ) but to me, most of the time, the less JS the better. Discourse is pretty fast, but to say 300K zipped JS file is peanuts just doesn't cut it for me ( How about 100K? That is peanuts. ) And again, slow JS execution and loading is something i have zero control of. I am a Firefox users so this is not coming from a bashing Firefox POV. I could open 100 - 200 Tabs in Firefox without problem if i disable Javascript and all Add on. As soon as you have some heavy JS usage website, even 50 Tabs can slow down the UI. This is on Quad Core Ivy and 8GB Ram with SSD. The amount of JS on one website now is getting insane. Chrome have similar problem as well like the OP have said. Just a different one. So it is not FUD at all. I actually think that is where the path we should go, Hybrid of both tech. Serving the initial view with HTML and the rest via client side JS. I continue to ask what the big deal? Remote work doesn't work for everyone and every company. That is a hard fact. And Yahoo decided not to do it. ( For a lot of reasons only they would know ) And yet the internet is making a big fuss about it. Great, would this be available on Desktop too? Why would someone sign up for VPN when they could have set up the same thing with a much cheaper VPS? Anyway i am currently looking for something similar to Amazon silk and Opera Turbo, where the server downloads the page, compress it and send it back to you. Extremely useful for low bandwidth connection, as well as providing half of the VPN function. Does anyone know of software / scripts / services that are available? That is the first time i have heard this as well. Thanks for the Link. So anyone know what is the services credit for 1 Min of downtime? Um, You could have go with a Akamai Reseller instead? Like Rackspace Cloud? The same goes for EdgeCast, Mediatemple, GoGrid, etc are resellers. Somebody pointed out about the CNAME available on Cloudflare. I never knew that and i checked out the article. The First paragraph: "CNAME setup is a manual process generally available to paid CloudFlare plans only. If you are interested in testing CNAME setup, please contact CloudFlare first with the domain you would like to test CNAME with. Please specifically mention CNAME Setup in the subject field for faster review. Allowing for CNAME setup is entirely at the discretion of CloudFlare." So NO: This isn't even a features at all. They made it as hard as possible to set this up and will grant you the use of it as they like. Yeah i wish someone could crowd source a project so Mike could spare 20% of his time on RubyVM. I wonder if the Engine behind it is Open Source or could we use this services from other browsers like Firefox? This is beneficial for Getting pass Firewall restriction, from China Firewall to Office Internal Firewalls. Speed up Internet connection, especially in places where the shared internet is extremely slow. ( Office or Public Computers ) While i am already using my own VPN for this purpose. It is much slower compared to a normal internet collection if your VPS is not located close to you. I wanted, MacPro in Cube Shape. Dual CPU ( Not Xeon Only, ) and up to 64GB of Memory, Dual Geforce GTX Titan, Dual Thunderbolt, SSD in Raid. Because the Margin of SSD and Geforce GTX is much larger, Apple could make their own SSD and Buying Geforce GTX Titan at discount price. Making the New MacPro as similar pricing if you have built it up yourself. No Love for Lua and LuaJit. Finally, i hope this makes Lua much more widespread. Not that i hate these tools, but how much would this bloat up the browser? ( I am guessing they are less then a few MBs on installation size or download size? ) Exactly what is in my Mind, an Intel DC SSD Cache in between would be a much better option. Or In fact ANY SSD Cached solution. HDD just dont hold up any more. Even if they are Enterprise HDD with 2x Cache and 2x Port Speed. Exactly my thoughts. The Ivy E5 is just so much better in Power/Performance. I dont understand why they need to update now, not Earlier or later. Because you are not looking at the right place. Even OVH sells much cheaper Dedicated Servers then what you get in Softlayer. What about Pjax, Russian Doll Caching, Ruby 2.0 etc? I still dont get the drift about Ruby being fast enough. Ruby is slower then CPython, PyPy, Lua, LuaJit, and literally majority of other popular dynamic scripting languages. The argument that keeps being throwing up is that It is fast enough for most ( actually only for Rails related ) things and is mostly limited by SQL, but that is like saying my Toyota Prius is fast enough since the high way speed is limited anyway. I meant most of the complain aren't really about Ruby getting LuaJit speed ( is that even possible? ) or JS V8 engine. Just at least it is on par with Python ( not talking about PyPy either ) I am still thinking since the files stored on Hipchat are public ( with a long and hard to guess URL ). What are HN's take on this? On the Note of Node.js, i was wondering if there will ever be a Node.js based on IonMonkey + Baseline Compiler instead of V8. Lose Interest in ZFS when dev is pretty much stopped. I am looking forward to DragonFly HAMMER 2 off topic: Any update on Servo? And its license? ( I hope its not MPL and instead Rust like MIT license and the Apache License ) Well there are many host that does this. Dediserve for example. But most of these Host are comparatively more expensive. Interesting it is working for me. I am still waiting for Linode to React. At the moment i am still trying to find a host that sit somewhere in the middle between DO and Linode. Slightly Off Topic: Wasn't Rust suppose to be the codename or working name of the languages. Or Has Mozilla decide to simply use Rust as its official name? I am actually surprise this pieces was written by Brendan, given the way Mozilla has been moving lately with asm.js, PDF.js and Shumway which is like Flash.js; It wouldn't be surprise if their Next Goal were to built the Entire ( or Most of ) Browser with Javascript. I am surprised that Samsung decide to help. Which basically reads to me as relationship with Google is going pretty bad or they are simply hedging their bet. It was only earlier today I posted that Yahoo should also have a few engineers helping Mozilla to develop Servo. And i really really hope Servo is licensed like Rust, Dual MIT + Apache 2.0 You have no idea what you are talking about. Some are true, but most are over the top. Not really.. https://attractivechaos.wordpress.com/2013/04/06/performance... Well yes please do this, not sure if it is allowed though since Oj gem is written in C ( I think ) no one mentioned this at all? just to be reminded that linode is unmanaged host. You dont even get 1670, most got a 2650L which is actually 2.0Ghz only. Apple makes money on both hardware and software. So while all those manufacture have to pay for its OS ( Windows ) to M$, Apple gets those themselves as well with MacOS. Which is why Apple is much more profitable when you are discounting Microsoft from that equation. And If you are talking about Hardware, ( which by the way includes both component inside and exterior as well ), please makes an proper comparison before jumping in to say they are insanely expensive. While i am not saying that they are not, it is not a huge difference as some have put it. so they have completely ditch Rails and Ruby? The following has nothing against or for Steve ( which every comment seems to be focus on ), but a matter of opinion on the problem. So she has a problem with THE highest chain of Command cutting her across the queue for lunch? May be i am the only one who dont see a problem with that. ( If everyone higher up then you would cut queues then i would have a fxxking problem. ) Engineering Project Manager - I am not very good at those inflated Titles. ( So what's higher up? Senior VPs? ) But that title suggested to me she is responsible, whether or not some Jerks up there gave Steve a suck up or not. MobileMe was a disaster. To me it was even worst then the Map problems Apple have had. As an Engineering Project Manager, By letting it out, knowingly this is Apple, which holds an even higher standard then other company. Did she have a go at Steve or higher up about the launch? Because if not, then she didn't burn the bridge, someone burnt it for her already. I am risking myself getting insanely downvoted for writing this. But I hope it at least gets some of the attention. I really hope the Ruby Communities do actually admit Ruby is Slow. Because until you actually admit there is a problem, there will never be any notion of wanting to fix it. Most of the time, they will come up with Rails Examples or serving dynamic web pages, and the bottleneck being in Database. And the higher amount of request you get, you can solve it with caching. This is, in my view a very limited scope of Ruby usage. They deny any wrong doing of Ruby, suggesting it is a dynamic languages, and it's wrong comparing to a compiled languages, or the algorithm are done wrong. They keep suggesting under xxx usage, Ruby is fast enough to get the job done. Then there is the argument of throwing more money and hardware to grow and scale. But the truth is most of time Ruby will require more then a few dedicated servers to keep going. While it is not as drastic as the iron.io 28 to 1, but for startup lowering running cost is important too. Then there is this arguments comes up which i hated most. You are not going to worry about the need of that many servers, or scaling that needs to change to another languages unless you are AirBnb, Twitter etc..... I mean what? I am sorry i may not have worded it correctly but most of the time those read like you are never going to be successfully that you are very unlikely to have to worry about. Performance is important!. And for most this isn't about pushing it to Javascript V8 or insane 1000x programmer Mike did with LuaJIT. It is just Ruby should have a more respectable performance VM. While Ruby is designed to make programmers happy, I am pretty sure there are many aren't happy with its basic performance. The problem was PHP and Python are slow too, and yet they are still faster then Ruby. And not to mention there are many other implementation of the two that gets them further along. So if Ruby was 1x, and PHP / Python are 1.5x, there are things that can get the last two to 3 - 4x. While Ruby is still just there, 1x. ( Numbers are for explanation only ). I really wish more resources were pour into Rubinius. Well it wasn't long ago that JS, arguably the most used dynamic languages gets GGC. And that was less then 5 years ago, and it was a Stop the World GC until less then 2 years ago updated to Incremental. While Mozilla's has had incremental for a year and are still working on Generational Collector. The point is, apart from Java which gets many cooperate backing, even the most widely uses programming languages only recently had a decent enough GC implementation. As much as i hate this slow progression, most VM still dont have GGC as default at all. It would properly take two months, which is properly optimistic, they would get it done in four months instead. And JC got it done in 4 days.... This isn't 10x programmer anymore, this is 30x!! Isn't this .. old news? Why keep posting this every two month or so? Would be better if there are improvements, major site using it to roll out etc. Why is this getting upvoted? I read the title, ( sounds familiar ), look at domain mixpanel.com, didn't they did these a while ago? Turns out to be same post from 2011. Come on! Stop posting the same thing over and over again. Since people continue to post about docker without much news or comment on usage. Here is a real thing being used to build Firefox. am i missing something? An Insanely superfast JIT complier with GGC and new FFI but without GIL? ( Dreaming....... ) i think i know ... its http://rubykaigi.org/2013 Hopefully it is something bigger, i cant believe a simple website update deserve a special talk in RubyKaigi I hate Javascript. Sorry if this offended anyone. I think it was good for its limited use case during the early Web 1.0 - Web 2.0 era. So therefore I dont like asm.js either. I much prefer LLVM or PNaCI. But that is in an ideal world. In real world i would have to agree asm.js seems the way forward. Even with asm.js being a shortcut, it would still take many years for it to gain enough traction and improvement to be really useful as an universal compiler target. Much like what is currently happening now with JVM. Except almost everyone already has a JS Engine Installed, no need to download a Java Runtime. That way everyone can really use what ever languages that love or they want. With Everything 2js. I hope the future evolution of Javascript will take performance as a consideration. Such as SIMD etc. May the day of languages independent web come faster. I still could not get my head around, what happens when Coinbase are hacked and i have no way to trace back the money i lose. Opera used to Pack all the features of a browser and email and more into a 15MB downloadable exe. Now the browser itself is 25MB already This is Chrome. I was hoping for Tab Overflow? No Drop Down list of Open Tabs. They kept it like Opera, which means no H.264 support. Basically that means i am sticking to Firefox. It doesn;t allow Tab Overflow or any other UI features suggest to me this is nothing more or a Rework of Skin instead of a whole new UI rewritten from scratch. Well, Great, how about more snappy and perf bugs land on 25 as well. Still waiting for SuperSnappy or e10s, or the new Necko work. Firefox is slow ( Comparatively ) , I hate opening Chrome from time to time keeps reminding me how fast Chrome is ( Although that have gotten slower in recent release ). Edit: And God they drop the Firefox Menu Button! Do they have to copy chrome on every god damn thing? What the heck is happening with Opera and Firefox UI design team? Will there be LiveStream tonight directly from Apple? Will there is Livestream this year? Anyone?>> Slightly Off Topic, What happened to Rubinus which is based on LLVM? Doubled Down on Pjax and Caching, i wonder if they are using Rails 4.0 already. It is just Mozilla has far to few resources and doing far too many things at the same time. I wish Rust and Servo would come faster. Oh God... MPL 2.0 again. Why Cant Mozilla just Switch to Apache 2.0 Firefox Development speed is slow. Few things that they are working on, GGC, Generational GC, Hopefully there will be less pauses in Heavy GC Web Apps. Necko - Their Network Engine that is now causing 30-40% of janks. Will get rewritten. And there new Graphics Layer that god knows what happen to it. Sigh.. It has been a long time since I managed to push Firefox down to its kneels again. Ever since i got my Core i5 and a Crucial SSD, Firefox has been ( or any Apps ) snappy. Chrome was still noticeable faster on my machine. But the difference were small enough. Today i was research on topics and shopping around for price. It has been a long time i have had more then 150 Tabs opened. Many of those has lots of image as well. Firefox nearly slow to crawl. Scrolling was no longer smooth, nothing were snappy. Hopefully they dont stop at being only 50% of C Speed. So asm.js, will be what Java was originally, write once run ( nearly ) everywhere. asm.js being the bytecode of JVM. Would that also means asm.js essentially open source your code? Are there anyway to protect it like JVM bytecode or are Mozilla not interested in this. Would IonMonkey, the whole JS Engine be available as a standalone product like JVM was? I remember a phrase, something like; We known more about the Outer Space then we do about Earth's Ocean. No Comment Yet? Anyone knows any major client using Rubinius in production? It depends, i suppose you are asking for an Web alternative. I haven't tried Digg or AOL Reader since they aren't available. My usage is basically a headline view of all the feeds, I have them in different catalogs. I will scroll through them to see anything worth to read, and open it up as a new tab as i go through them all. Newsblur is very non Google Reader like. I suppose it fits some of the pattern of flows of a particular niche. But not me. Yoleo is great except it doesn't work very well with non Unicode Feeds and it is quite slow. Unread count is overlapping. I think it is a solid app given some more time to develop. But I use Reader everyday or every 4 - 6 hours i cant afford to wait. Feedly web works well so far. It is the closest thing to Google Reader in Headline views. The thing i dont like are performance and slow scrolling in some cases. But it generally fits me well. The thing is, there is nothing wrong to try everything out. It is only a click of a button for your Google Login. The questions i had in my mind, Are Apple still involved in the OpenGL / OpenCL development? It seems OpenGL, didn't move or improve much at all in recent years and OpenCL has had much news. Written in Ruby as well? Edit: Just Checked GitHub, it is Written in Go, Interesting..... Another sign of Ruby being painfully slow. I saw iron.io, I thought immediately it was another Ruby bashing article. Way too many Geeky answers here. I could understand that, after all this is Hacker News. But Majority of Users, My guess that is 60-70% of them, wont even know what Javascript is or mean. My bet is that there is Less then 10% of users who cares about this. And less then 5% who just cant stand to disable it in about:config instead of UI. And It is true what Mozilla have pointed out, Disabling even some totally unrelated Javascripts like tracking will somtimes make a mess of Websites. I have seen it far too many times with Ghostery. For those 5% who REALLY cares about Disabling Javascript for any reasons because you think you know so much. I dont see why using an Add-On or going to about:config searching for Disable Javascript is such as big hassle. And if you DO have such a big concern over a missing UI features, you can always go to Opera. Can you elaborate on that? I am pretty sure those bugs about rendering ( lots ) of images were fix a few versions ago. Nope, It is a common issues with Firefox although it has been greatly reduced in the last year or so. The project to fix all this is called e10s. Moving Content, and UI etc to seperate process as well as OMTx ( Off Main Thread Everything ) where Firefox Dev trys to do everything in async style and move them off Main Thread. Progress has been slow. But at least they are working on it Does it have Tab-Overflow? My thoughts exactly. I was just about to post this. And will the next round be tested on Rails 4.0? DediServe are good. But still dont match those two in terms of pricing. There is definitely a need. In 3 years time we could get Dual 10 Core CPU on a server with PCI-E Based SSD card at insane IOPS speed for a very reasonable price. So very soon, year or so we will be bottlenecked by our Network Port. And I dont see 10Gbit Ethernet price coming down anytime soon. And yet no one is building another Visual Basic today anymore. Purely, In terms of ease of programming. We have't had single improvement since the days of VB6. Oh, nearly forgotten about it. HP promise to mass produce Memristor in 2013, and then push back to 2014. Wasn't it suppose to COMPLETELY revolutionise the way we do computing? Why haven't we heard more about it? I wish some of the biggest country should mandate all router and ISP to have IPv6 by 201x. Otherwise we are just not getting anywhere. What Kind of SSD? Intel DC Series 3500? What CPU? Do those price includes Backup? Pricing Wise is similar DigitalOcean. Only with USD / Pound sign swap. But I guess UK's electricity and Rack rental is a lot more expensive then US. Scalable? Based on OnApp? Xen? KVM? Plans Higher then 8GB? I still need tab overflow. Which so far none of the Chromium provides. Backbone, or anything non consumer end, are pretty much done or will be done soon. Especially with the massive growth of Mobile devices. The problem is the last mile. User End. With Super Outdated Software and Router that dont support IPv6. To be honest I dont blame too much on Microsoft. Being a business they needed to survive. It is not like they have a choice and government could very well bring another antitrust trial. Microsoft refuse to play balls to US government at first and they were nearly spitted into 3 different companies. So like any big cooperation they have to pay money for lobbying to buy them safety. And Microsoft is evil, I mean in Google's sense of evil and even Microsoft admit it. But What about the one who claim them self do no evil and itself being so righteous. Joined Prism on 1/14/09? And I would really love if the Movie could add bits on Prism agents coming in like some fucking retard, and Steve would tell him to F k off. NewsPaper and Media, intentionally or not trying to diversify the hate and focus on PRISM away from Government. They are ultimately the one to be blamed. Ok, i am going to ask, any reason to go with Hetzner when your have OVH's DC in Canada offering similar if not better Server for more or less the same price? You should compared to OVH in Canada instead. The Price are roughly the same when you take into account Hetzners 99EUR Setup fees. OVH also gets you a very decent Anti-DDOS for free. No more shutting off due to DDOS attack. The higher up plans they have recently got a brand new, decent Hardware Raid included as well as the latest Intel DC 3500 SSD. So I dont understand why these make HN headlines when only 1 week ago OVH US introduce some much better plans and no one cared to mention it. I think is it has more to do with Human Interaction, or working as Remote. When I dont see your face, listen to you directly, It is rather hard to understand the importance of something. Especially when they are working on kernel, which is the most critical component. Would Linus have said it loudly in front of hundreds of other Engineers? I would have properly called it verbal abuse. But in real life at least i can rise my voice and tone and shout without having to use a single abusive word. Outage? Or Maintenance? These are two different things. I think the Calculation for Screen Size were off. ( Unless I am Wrong ) Assuming no changes in Resolution Scale to iPhone 5, a Display that is 5.86cm Width would be 4.7" Diagonal. Which incidentally fits in with the latest rumours on 4.7" display. Um.... I wish HN would mandate all submission to have [years] behind it. This is from 2010! Github was invested $100M as many would have known. Asmallorange has been sold to Endurance Group. Has G4 been actually deployed? And it seems some Gen4 will get Ivy Bridge 8 Core Xeon E5, 256GB Ram and Intel SC3700 SSD? And why only 10Gbps Per Server, surely you could fit one more Solarflare in? Other then that i really hope Cloudflare could expand beyond the current PoP. The Problem is Piwik doesn't scale. Even if you set it up to the way they said. The problem is there isn't a single viable GA alternative out there that doesn't cost a fortune. Clicky and Chartbeat are the only two relatively inexpensive option On Related Note; Any news for OpenMP with LLVM? Or Something like Adzerk? I am sorry if this comment spark off any other pointless debate and argument or offended any Apple Fan boys or Samsung Fan boys. But the truth is, pretty much every company does this.. except Apple. Ans Samsung are at the top of this game. They are number 1 in spending on advertising and they spend double the advertising budget compared to 2nd in place. ( And their Rate are pretty awesome too compared to others ) You see heavy advertising on a Newspaper from Samsung? Lots of bashing and irresponsible reporting while bending the truth on Apple. Coincidence? You should make up your own mind. Compared to all other dirty thing that Samsung does behind the scene, these things are really tips of the iceberg. I hope this approach wins instead of asm.js Apple instead making gimped software or drivers for other platform? What ?? "X" instead DO not even make software or drivers for other platform ( Mac and Linux ), what do you consider those company then? If you really want to know you should go deeper down the rabbit hole. Other then that I can say nothing more. I copy this comment from AllthingsD, 90% of these hated comments are by either Obama haters or Apple haters. The patent is around basic CDMA functionality. If the ruling was enforced, basically only Samsung could import CDMA phones. This is fair. Just like it was fair when they overruled Apple' gesture patents (pinch and squeeze, etc.) The whole thing isn't about protectionism or FRAND. It is the existence of these relatively stupid patents. Waiting For Benchmarks. Too little too late? I dont get it. Intel has been iterating x86 at insane speed. In the high performance side Intel has finally caught on and eclipse Power. While Intel x86 has been winning the performance and performance / power in certain wattage scenario, they still dont have something to show for in Low Power segment. Although the next gen Intel Atom should be on par with the best in ARM, pricing would put Intel at disadvantage. And that means in Low Power segment ARM realm supreme. Not likely to be dethrone in the next coming decade. As they have solid roadmap and pretty much the plan for next few years are all set and done. So where does it left for Power? Coming from IBM they are very likely to be expensive. IBM has never been known to iterate as fast as Intel. Let alone ARM which now offers all sort of ARM chips for everything except High performance in their portfolio. I just dont see how this could change anything. Great perspective. Any more to share on your view how will POWER changes, i still dont see it goes anywhere apart from HPC. And being solely used in HPC just isn't a variable long term strategy. 1. Choice of Node, DO has both US and EU location. 2. Scalable, Instantly Scale up to 96GB of Memory. 3. API - Dont think any of those VPS has those. 4. Hourly Billing. And would you trust your hosting with Millions of VC backed money or a small VPS company? ( No offence, it is all part of perception and marketing ) I think for less then $10 hosting only, Ramnode and many others LEH wins. But if you want sometime in production that needs more power in the future DO have you backed. Great Now they can accelerate their long list of needed improvement. 1. Private Back End Network. 2. Auto Provision Droplet/Instance on different hardware by default 3. IPv6 4. DC in Asia 5. Something Similar to Amazon Elastic IP. Things i would like Node balancer More Powerful CPU Higher Quality Network ( Although it has gotten a lot better in recent months ) As a General Reminder, those so called Infringed Patents ( Whether they are FRAND or not ) are being sold to Apple as an Finished Product. Something new? This is like Old news is so exciting. And I thought there was a legal battle on going on about the usage of Courgette. Why didn't this get pushed to Front Page is beyond me. Yes. And I must say OMG, i thought proper journalism was dead! Nice to see it is still alive somewhere. Why not VLC? I suppose mplayer and its forks are good for cross platform. On Windows, and if you ask me, the best experience i have now is MPC-BE. Which is based on MPC-HC, which is based on MPC. How about something like pjaxr? https://github.com/minddust/jquery-pjaxr Memory Improvement? Performance Improvement? Code Base Reduction? Binary Size Reduction? Or it will be so small that doesn't matter? Um... Incoming Naive Questions. Why do we need yet another HTML5 Parser? What's wrong with Webkit? What's wrong with the new Gecko2 HTML5 parser? And what license is it? I could never "get" what BlackBerry was all about. To me it is a Phone with Email capability. And i could not understand how this was a selling point. And that was long before iPhone was introduced. The problem is how is it sustainable. Cloud is Expensive. It is a simple Fact. The future is more about Hybrid, I dont mean Colo. More like OVH. Where you can have you baseline using Dedicated Servers and use Public Cloud to Scale up and Down during peaks. That is why i have been asking why all these Cloud Providers dont offer dedicated machines. Um.... so GPL Code can be Patented?? 1. Wasn't the Castle in the Sky tweet record from last year? Edit: It turns out its the same film making records this year again. 2. I remembered the China WeiBo has a way higher TPS record then Twitter. I wonder what there stack are. Now, 200-300 RPS were pretty low on RoR. But even with modern Ruby, reactive or event based, latest optimization and workaround etc. I dont think it can even scale to what they have achieved with JVM. Why is this much more interesting story isn't being discussed and not on front page? Well that is assuming you can peak RPS for the whole day. Which wont be. At 200 RPS Peak you are very likely only getting 1M per day instead of 17M. First Time there is any public numbers on Topaz, the RPython / PyPy implementation of Ruby. Note: Only Two benchmarks presented in the Paper, and as with any benchmarks take it with a grain of x. If it wasn't for JVM Truffle, Topaz is the fastest implementation of Ruby. And by a large margin. Assuming Ruby 2.0 was 5x faster then Ruby 1.8, Topaz is 8-10x faster then Ruby 2.0! And Truffle is about 1.5-2.5x faster then Topaz. Now i want to know would there be a better faster FFI for SVM. And how far are we from seeing release of SVM? um......Its right there in the performance chart? LOL, i cant wait to see all these coming, Topaz Ruby 2.1 Rubinius 2.0 And this Ruby with SVM No ByteCode in between, sounds a lot like v8, and incidentally that guy works on V8 previously. I really dont get it. People have been using Nginx, saving money and time over the years. And not paying for a single dollar. And as you see from all these post, No sign, signal or movement of appreciation what so ever. Now you make enough money out of/with it. They want to survive and charge for some advance features. MOST of it are already being done with a few more simple scripts and manual setup. And you shout foul. Most of you didn't even need Adaptive Streaming Media Support. And so most of those features in Plus are already being used by you in some way or another. And if you really did need Adaptive Streaming Media Support, how about paying for it? And if you dont want to pay for it, how about some meaning donation to Nginx for something that you have used and take it for granted? Sometimes i really do understand why folks swear by GPL, or AGPL. And if anything, I really expected better, especially from HackerNews where StartUp gathers around. And StartUps are all about creating values, not destroying it. You Cant Scale a Server/Desktop CPU two step down into Mobile Devices. This is what Atom is all about, the higher power/performance x86 possible. And You also cant scale a Mobile Devices up to a Server / Desktop Product. That is what the ARMv8 Cortex A58 is all about, Low Power Desktop and Server Class. So technically speaking both are marching towards each others end. Although Intel would lose out due to other factor such as business model. Um... I dont get it. So they release a GitLab Enterprise Version. And Killed off GitLab Cloud? Well not actually killing it but offering it for free. Why? What's the business case behind it? Or GitLab simply dont want to run a Commercial, High quality Code Hosting Services? Without some sort of payment, I think any business will be hesitant to use GitLab Cloud. Is this new? I though they had this for a very long time. Price for Flat and Rental by income average are highest of anywhere on earth. And NO, New Territories aren't cheap either. Heck even flat in Out Skirt Island are expensive. Business Monopoly by a few companies. Not necessarily a bad thing since South Korea are the same too. Except Samsung manage to feed to poor and give back to the country. Even with so much evil going on with them they still have some decency to their own country. And yet these companies in Hong Kong are much more about extracting all they can from Hong Kongers while not making contribution. Government has zero direction on where to go, no leadership what so ever. No idea where the problems are. And unwilling to solve it. I think the Animation timing has to do with the Apps being Ready. I.e While it is taking 0.5Sec of Animation switching, in that 0.5Sec it is trying to get the Apps Ready as if it was fully loaded. So user assume it really is Multi Task, When as a matter of fact it is resumed from a Pause State. While this may not have worked, ( iPhone 5 still has a lag after the animation ), may be iPhone 5S could manage to do without the lag. I wonder what is planned for Nginx 2.0 I read somewhere ( The it was suppose to be re-engineered.) Edit: Here http://www.aosabook.org/en/nginx.html Things I really wish they could add or improve. PHPBB? What year is this? The Website design and structure seriously needs some thought and work. LongView, either have a trial only version of bump the free tier retention to 24 hours. What is the point of a 30 minutes graph? Get rid of the Add on, those pricing are just plain stupid. Give options to increase Memory without buying new plans for $10/GB at a maximum of double current capacity. So a $20 1GB plan could be increase to $30 2GB Memory with everything else the same $20 Plan. That should just make Linode competitive against DO. Linode CDN - A CDN coming from those 6 Linode DC with Data coming off your transfer pool. May be any Data served over CDN would count as triple the amount of data from your pool. SSD Speed up. From the Data on ServerBear, this new SSD tier is working as well as its competitors. I am sure the NodeBalancer could do with a price decrease or bump in concurrent connection. DO has all of the above in the pipeline for releasing this year, so lets hope Linode react quicker. Depending on what you want for VPN. And what is Best for you. All i cared is Pricing. And I use VPN is go pass firewall. I use VPN.sh And they have a new plan where it is a Pay as You go package. No Monthly fees, you buy a block of 100GB and use it for as long as you want. Top it up when you finish with it. For Light browsing usage this is the cheapest I find. Not to mention they have 6 location for you to choose from. So you get the best speed for your local website. And You can swap in and out when ever you need to. They have some Coupon code in LET. So check them out if you see fit. Still waiting for DOCSIS 3.1 to bring Cable up to speed. I am pretty sure that is 300Mbps shared. And you rarely get that even in real world best case scenario. And much worst if you live in City and High Rise Buildings with High Density population. DOCSIS 3.1 brings OFDM as well as up to 10 DL /1 UL Gbps. At that sort of speed, as well other added reliability features finally makes Cable a decent Alternative. Speaking from experience in EU and Asia Area. No idea if it is the same in US. I dont normally count Host with Per Minute billing and Storage in SAN a VPS. I am pretty sure they are not. I thought they recently decide to sell those off as well. "In the mean-time, the community will be wasting time and effort in trying to solve ARM 64-bit issues which Apple has already solved." Yep, Release them as early as possible so Samsung could copy and sit there does nothing? And Solving 64bit issues of what? The whole thing surprise the industry because Absolutely NO one was expecting an ARMv8 64bit chip on market until late 2014! [1] Apple try to open it as standard, and they got sued by Patents Trolls. And are still battling it in court. I wish there are a similar effort on Ruby VM. I rememberer long time ago when i was still in the land of Java I researched the topic there were GCJ as well. Dont know what happened to it And Something called ExcelsiorJET as well. Something for Mozilla to consider using inside Firefox inplace of LevelDB ( If that was ever landed ) While i have always felt the difference. I never knew about the numbers. And while iPhone wins @ 55ms, i still think that is a very high number for input latency. Would have wanted Sub 20ms. The Benchmarks from Oracle on One VM to Rule it All has Topaz Numbers there. Basically MRI And the above line has roughly 20 - 50 times performance difference in benchmarks. Time for some Benchmarks. Ruby 2.1, JRuby 1.7.5 and the Duke Nukeum Rubinius 2.0. It changed from 2.0.0 to next minor. And this is 2.1 already. What is the course of this delay? Could Some one tell me how these people game the stock market by releasing news that are um, false or unrealistic. I mean Analyst and Media, wanting to trash Apple for headlines has become insane. 1. A Correction to that post is there isn't MANY provider that are around the same price. He said Hetzner. And that is like the ONLY other provider for the same price. And in many cases OVH offers better value then Hetzner. 2. The problem the post mention about OVH not being elastic. That is simply true with every other dedicated provider. ( Actually StormOnDemand offers Dedicated at per minutes pricing ) . But OVH should have their Public Cloud ready in October. Which means you get a Hybrid of Cloud and Dedicated. Ok, Varnish 4.0 were mentioned, by I dont find anything concrete of specific with Google Search. When will that be coming? And I would love if High Scalability do an Interview with Disqus. 8 Billion PV, would love to see their Stack, Backend, and Machines that handles it. I have always tempted, and wanted to use VLC. But i have always been sticking to MPC and its derivative. Currently I am using MPC-BE. The reason is rather simple. VLC on Windows is just plain ugly. You could tell this is a Linux software ported to Windows. It doesn't even need to complex and fancy. Take a look at MPC-BE, plain simple and stylish. And it isn't all just about the looks. The settings, menu placement, icons, etc. I really wish something could be done about it. Why is it that when any other countries doing the same, it will be heavily criticize and be named and shamed on nearly all sort of Newspaper and media. Yet US is no difference. And there is countless other examples. I am going to be very brave and say this. Americans, you cant blame people in other parts of the world hate you. For those Complaining about Firefox Responsiveness. There are e10s Reboot ( Process Per Component or tab ) that they are working on. Generational GC, New Graphics Backend etc. Realistically, how are content provider suppose to copy protect their properties without the use of DRM? Finally, i thought it would be another Duke Nukem Release. Glad to see it out. Now, Rubinius 2.0, Ruby 2.1, Topaz, JRuby. Exciting time for Ruby implementation. Not Even on Front Page? SK next time you should tweet the HN page instead of direct link. tl;dr Ruby 2.1 is the fastest MRI yet. Rubinius is on par with if not better then most of it and exceed it in Concurrent test. I see there is LOTS of potential with Rubinius 2.0 Finally there is a modern Ruby Implementation. Gist title is Ruby 2.0 MRI vs Rubinius 2.0 While HN Title is Ruby 2.1 So which is correct? To me, that is more like Ruby 3.0, or a similar languages with another name. How will this turn out? Matz will approve it? If yes why not make Rubinius the default implementation? If not, then ? I think it is actually the Ruby Pool is increasing much faster then there are Ruby Devs. My thoughts exactly. So why isnt this being used instead. First, PC/Notebook Industry hasn't been on the performance tracks for a few years already. Peformance/Watts is what matters. Faster CPU with Higher IPC at Lower Power. Much Faster Graphics. Intel HD 3000 is Shit. Even the 4000 is crap. Only Iris Started to be good. ( But not Great ) PCI-E SSD. I believe 2011 MBP doesn't have SSD as Standard yet. And this new PCI-E SSD is likely to be based on PCI-E 3.0 rather then 2.0 as in previous MBPr. So Please. go and troll somewhere else. 1. IE 6, Is that not enough to hate them? Anyone who has done any sort of web development during the IE6 era would hate them. 2. The ugliness of Microsoft Office. I dont see each version of M$ office were ever an improvement. While it did generate excitement, it wasn't until someone who actually tired iWork to know how easy it is to do beautiful documents and charts. And to be it wasn't until the Office 2k7 did they start to react ( But they got Ribbon in there which is an even bigger let off ). And although many improvement since then, those days i would remember how i am forced to use office. To me, i see absolutely no heart and souls in those Microsoft Products. They aren't well thought out, most of the time contradicting or even annoying. Purely in terms of user experience it was very bad. And M$ was really rich. The Richest company at one point in time. That is not to say people hate the riches. It is merely a point that they have so much money why didn't they go and fix things. Things that should have been done long long time ago. And as the Mac Vs PC ads have put it, they put so much more budget inside marketing then fixing bugs! Their Business Practice is also a point of hate. Using Windows Monopoly to get rid of competing technology by including something similar of their own. Personally I have no problem with that. Honestly if the product offering from Microsoft were superior then people would use it anyway. BUT THEY WERE NOT. And there were a lots of other little things there and there that shows they are just a huge pile of mess. Of coz Credit where credits due. There are amazing things Microsoft did. Microsoft Research for instance, i saw the presentation on real time voice recognition and translation. And many other things from Microsoft Research as well. Xbox 360, from PS3 prospective were quite good ( not great, but good ). And Mouse and Keyboard, that is the only competitor against Logitech in consumer range. And I dont think People are Pro Apple and therefore Anti M$. Great analogy. I think next time if we try to guess the amount of time we need to complete a project, we will just ask how long would it take to complete up to Stage 80%. And just times it by two. I am not quite sure if devices is the right word. I would choose Product instead. But then Product in a sense doesn't include services. ( To me at least ) So they would be a Product and Services Company. Of coz if there are any one words that include both meaning please enlighten me. OH Great, another Project closed due to stupid and insane License argument and restriction. While I agree JS is a shitty language overall, and worst when writer larger apps. Having someone who wrote this on a website that spend 30% of the screen estate for page footer isn't very convincing. Um........ Yeah. iPhone 4, an 3+ years old phone, which usage pattern are beyond what normal ( or called dumbphone) and therefore you charge it a lot more........ And you expect the battery to not died after 3 years of using it? Come on! Well they do offer the services of replacing your battery. It is not they force you to buy a new Phone. And the swappable batteries, They have their own set of trade off and problems. You see, it is fine people dont like Apple. I mean no one is forcing everyone to like them. I suppose people have different value and we have to learn to agree to disagree. But the world has turned to attack Apple for the sake of Attacking Apple. To gain headlines or pageviews. And most of these attack are utter nonsense with zero facts and all imagination of thoughts. Just what the F has happen to Journalism. With All of their effort shifted to Firefox OS. Dont expect much improvement with Desktop Firefox in the short run. Yes, but not everything is applicable to Desktop Firefox. And the porting back takes time. We have already been told dont expect e10s until early 2015. That in Mozilla calendar is telling me it will be around by the end of 2015. I am actually looking for a solution where the filtering is done through water rather then a HEPA filter, which needs replacing quite a lot in a environment as bad as Bejing. Well the problem is Battery. Since you are using the processing power directly on your Phone. It will required to be constantly charging. And this means if this was used for serious gaming the battery will use up all its recharge cycle much quicker then used otherwise. AirPlay needs more work and my guess is that a 5Ghz only, Less interfered, Beam Forming mandatory, WiFi standard is required. Hence 802.11ac. Although i believe the Wifi lantency doesn't matter much if the developer had the intention of developing their games for AppleTV play they will have to use some tricks to minimize those Latency. Seagate are going to ship SMR HDD in the next 6 months. With BPM is still way off on any RoadMap.( Correct me if i am wrong ) The other alternative is HAMR. But do HAMR works with Helium Filled HDD? My imagination is that the laser in HAMR would set off Rampant fire. And to be Honest, even with that theoretical 50 - 60TB HDD from HAMR HDD isn't enough to fit our Cloud Platform needs. The amount of data we create everyday and Backups we need. Do we have anything in research for an HDD that is capable of 100- 1000TB? I still dont get these so Called Cloud Hosting, When i can order 2 Dedicated Servers in OVH / Hetzner for Redundancy and it will still cost 50% less then what RackSpace offers. The major problem is SSL Pricing. Which i have never looked at. But purely in terms of speed, Akamai Rules. Closely Followed by ( and sometimes even exceed ) EdgeCast. From my experience, MaxCDN is the next bet since they are from NetDNA. Not saying CloudFront, or Other OnApp based CDN not good, for large files transfer or video streaming they are perfectly fine. But for small files, fast response and low latency those three are the way to go. Haven't tested Fastly yet purely because i think they are very expensive against some other established players. And I guess they have far few PoPs. Would love to see some detailed comparison though. And he recently admitted that only half of his wealth are in stocks. Which actually puts him near the top spot. I still dont get how PhotoStream works. I am more leaning on OSv rather then Docker at the moment. Although OSv still isn;t ready yet. I didn't realize this before, but has Dropbox for Business always been $795 / year at unlimited capacity? This sounds like a very good deal to me. That was exactly my thoughts. I think most of these would have worked on a Display connected to AppleTV. Still Waiting for Cluster. Postgre "ignoring all the amazing work" "just to whine" That is just how you put it. No where did i whine nor ignore the work the Redis Team did. Cluster being the one features that Redis will truly take off. As it currently isn't as popular as it should be. This is similar offering to SuperMicro 's MicroCloud. Except with ARM instead of x86. As much as i love ARM and want them to succeed. I dont think there are any advantage of using ARM in Server apart from Cost. And Since ARM is still vastly under power for many Web Server Operation its time just isn't here. May be two - three years later when 64Bit ARM with EightCore Chip costing less then $50 dollars. But even so Intel's Atom would have a similar performance with similar price. According to some new test on the Soon to be available 8 Core Atom for Server it is surprisingly performance / watt. To simply put, the server market has longed for a low power part for certain type of usage scenario. And Intel will soon has that covered. Well for one I dont see any price advantage of ARM compared to Intel. ( In this area ) 8 Core Atoms are Cheap enough. The Atom you are referring to are First Gen Netbook Atoms. Which are indeed very bad without any serious software optimization. The Atom i am referring to is the newest Avoton C2750. Which will soon be available in the OVH new brand SYS range. Assuming every thing else stays the same, Memory, SSD/HDD, Network etc, the cost difference between a Atom Server and a ARM server are in the range of early double digit figure. And there isn't a $5 ARM broad. The ARM SoC provided by Marvell Amanda would have been double of that already. So the cost difference for a rented dedicated server between ARM and Intel Atom would be at most a few dollars difference per month. Not to mention Atom is still a lot of more powerful. Website usage have spikes, no one wants a server that could barely handle the load it is getting at today. ARM has the advantage in Smartphone and Tablet where there are no software compatibility concern, and it is working at 100s mW range. In Servers these two advantage disappeared. As far as I know, (@everyone, Do correct me if i am wrong ) most of those are stocks left overs or 1st gen design with smaller node. Which basically means they still sucks. And without an SSD ( I/O bottleneck ) those laptop will suck even more. Since the PC industry has absolutely zero care on user experience they dont want to put a costly SSD into a Atom Notebook. And Why would anyone want one when a Celeron or Pentium is only $20 bucks more expensive but perform a lot faster still? Yes, JIT to Native Code, Better GC. We have yet to see any "substantial" improvement. Naive questions. Doesn't VirtualBox create overhead? i.e You will be a lot slower using it then running something on Barebone? THIS IS GREAT! There goes the reputation of Joyet. Wait a min. I remember something about Lifelong Free Hosting drama not long ago. ( Correct me if i am wrong. ) A Company to look at what NOT to do and how NOT to run. The problem is a lot of people now research on things. Like Price Research. They tend to open a dozen of tabs to look through things. I think this is a problem that needs to be looked at. I have been thinking of something that combined Bookmark, History and Open Tabs. I really wish all these could be speed up by us Kickstarting it or donating on it. It has taken far too long for e10s. I am so glad to see there are people in the world that actually understand how US works. Just When are Ruby going to get something similar.... Sounds like a possible reason and explanation. Thx. Well China hasn't really been Communism for a long time. They still hold that name for sure. But for those who know they are even more capitalism then you could imagine. That is the thing. People dont ever consider asking and help aka "tech support" values anything. I dont mind helping once or twice. But being on constant support is just like a CS working for that devices company. That is why i have always like simplify, ease of use solution. something to show how important the VM is. PHP managed to jump near the top simply because Facebook decided to bump money and wrote HHVM. Python has PyPY. And yet Ruby has nothing. As Far as i am concern, Mozilla has never been great ( or even good ) with User Experience. So it is no surprise all those time they wasted on Firefox OS didn't bring any major ground breaking achievement. However I do admire them to continue working on "Open Web". Open Codec etc. Sometimes I just wish they could be more realistic. Nice, On a Side note Rubinius 2.2.1 was out and i didn't notice they had a 2.2 release at all. Wasn't even a announcement from Rubinius Twitter or any news on HN either. Now i am waiting for someone doing some benchmarks with the two ( & JRuby ). Ok, what next for Ruby 2.2 :P Merry Xmas. And Yet, Apple is only worth $500B, at the same valuation Apple would have worth over $20 Trillion. Um, Does anyone know if Kingston SSDNow KC300 has any? Because Limestone Network are currently using them. I have always wondered why Hosting companies aren't choosing Intel DC Series at all. As far as i know, one of the few hosting company using it are Hivelocity. Tl;dr, Thx for the summary And all these are all very similar to Google's Chrome V8 and Mozilla's SpiderMonkey. Although both had incremental done already, for Ruby that is scheduled for v2.2. Now just when will Ruby get a Method or Tracing JIT? 1. People hate Apple for whatever they do. 2. Those who said Mac Pro makes no sense have absolutely zero understanding in GFX market. 3. People who cries about Money Vs what you get to buy and build have absolutely zero understanding about engineering trade off. ( Which I expect HNers to have even from a software engineering perspective ) Yes but there are a few problem that haven;t quote mapped out. While what it said there are true, it is build on the fact that previous node and growth were driven by PC market. Now that maths dont add up well because the market is shirking or not growing fast enough to keep up with the pace of node invention and wafer cost. The more wafer used, i.e the larger scale it is produced the lower the cost per transistor. With Tablet, wearable computing and Mobile Phones, these blooming market could drive the cost economics of Moore at least to 10nm or 7nm. Ruby needs JIT, then Incremental GC much more urgently then getting rid of GIL and getting TM. Doesn't GitHub has Gauges? Surely Github should work on this idea? If not improving Gagues since i really wish there is a decent competitor to Google Analytics. It is not that hard if you abide by the Chinese Laws and System. But that is more of a problem with Ethics and Business practices. I also think there are some technical issues with GF of China. I wish there is a drive like Zip, that is cheaper and slower then HDD and simply allows me to backup with a Plug and Go manner. And HDD becomes bigger, it is no longer safe to store it on 1 HDD since a single Failure will wipe out everything. I still dont get DO and Linode Model. Apart from starting a small instance, once you move pass the $100 mark per instance you are much much better off with a dedicated server. With OVH you could even start with $60 or $80. That is why i am always looking for a Hybrid, a company that offers dedicated model while providing Cloud / VPS hosting. However i have yet to see a single company that does it with a price competitive option. SingleHop offers that but at a relatively expensive price. Hivelocity does very good dedicated but their Cloud / VPS sparknode gets no love. LimeStone Network and Incero are bothing testing their Cloud. While OVH still have absolutely no idea what it is doing although they think they do. Back to DO vs Linode I am still skeptic of DO. After all their problems with VM Data Left over, Backup, Data Loss etc. I still think they are more of a Beta services compare to Linode, which is rock solid. Apart from the hacking issue Linode had. Linode offer much better CPU performance then DO at all level. And with SSD (cache?) they should be competitive with IO in 2014 Q1. The thing that i dont understand is Linode decide to have SSD + HDD solution, where 500GB HDD + 500GB SSD works together. I dont get how this solution is better then just 500GB SSD alone. Linode are also much better with Bandwidth and Network. This could be just that DO have growth problem where their user base exceed their DC bandwidth. But in general Linode's Network are much better tuned. Support is also better at Linode. So basically Linode is better, but more expensive. I remember Linode does offer daily price based where they charge their client a full Mouth price and then refund it to their account on a per day basis. They used different CDN previously ( MaxCDN i believed it was ), now they changed to Fastly. Thx, never knew that. The biggest problem seems to be MPEG-LA then. Why Docker? Why not Packer.io? Why No Love for OSv? 6 years is almost too long for me. They should have a plan to only allow it to stick around for 5 years and not more. And to me, this is the great thing about Ruby and its communities in general. It is about moving forwards and not afraid of reinventing the wheel if you have a better idea. Love that. I am still hoping for a Ruby Implementation in Rust once Rust hit 1.0 This isn't a SF problem. It is a problem everywhere. Heck the much widen range between the rich ( or the average in SF ) and the poor. And you see this in much worst from in India, China. Luckily these place have many other areas or choice for the "poor" to choose from. Another example would be Hong Kong. Where NO ONE could afford to buy a flat. I would love to see Rent compared in SF and Hong Kong. Is there a CoreOS and Docker equivalent on FreeBSD? Still waiting for e10sM2. I hope after this is finish and done they can move on to it. Firefox really needs some help in its snappiness area. Fan boys will try to tell you otherwise. But lets just admit Firefox is slower then Chrome. Its a fact. Even though i have been an Firefox users for longer then a decade. Try Opening "Tab from Other devices". Firefox will stall. Try using Feedly and open link in a new tab, Feedly will suddenly response very slowly. There are also other page loading performance which Blink/Webkit leads. Not to mention Google's way of implementing advance preloading technique which seems to win as well, even though Firefox has something similar. Yes I understand the geeks and tech cares about DRM. Yes I understand about implementation of Web Standard and Freedom. But most users dont. When ever i see users complaining about why not switch to Chrome on their computer. I just say no. I FORCED the usage of Firefox on 100s of computer in the office. If not, I bet users would choose a Chrome anyday. So the point is, Mozilla needs to seriously think about its execution model. It needs to be efficient and not spread itself thin. What is so Broadband Shaming about it? In Reality if you live inside even a small size village you are very unlikely to get 300Mbps to yourself. Factor in radio frequency distortion I would be surprise if you could even get a constant 100Mbps. Unless you are from US where i heard broadband are pretty bad. I have always thought twitter TPS were high, until i heard China WeiBo was doing those TPS constantly and had a highest TPS record 10x more then twitter.. I would be glad if I could get 1Gbps Real World Speed from behind a wall. Added with Low Latency, I could finally ditch the Cable and use WiFi instead. Then I would hope Router could work on their software and not crash every month or so. It would be great if they could restart itself every week during at night when there is Zero activity. Added with a decent implementation of USB 3.0 / 3.1, so i could use the external USB HDD as an NAS instead or buying a separate unit. I think this is great. The Companies that ship loads of SoC, are Apple, Samsung, MediaTek and many others. All these have huge volume thanks to Tablet Market and Mobile Phone. The prices per SoC will be tiny in the grand scheme of final pricing. This means everyone can produce HEVC content and distribute it. And by the time HEVC is matured enough, ( 3 - 4 years time ), Most Mobile would have it supported. I hope this also mean the Still Picture format from HEVC is also included as well. Which means we can finally get rid of Jpeg. When i asked whether there are any equivalent of Docker and CoreOS for FreeBSD, i got downvoted by HN into Oblivion. Good to see there is at least 74 points on the topic. With Big Data Everything, we really need an Optical Storage System like Blu Ray but with 100x to 1000x the capacity. the .com domain is far too embedded into everybody's memory. So i dont see this going anywhere soon. The ONLY important domain that could challenge it or at least coexists in same importance would be .web However due to stupid trademarks issues it is still not being used. Apple couldn't open up Facetime due to Patent threats. 1. They should have compare it within the same price range. $20 DO Droplet will definitely perform better then the $5. While the difference is should not change the outcome, it would have put DO is a fairer position. 2. I dont think Linode has officially roll out their new Storage System yet which is SSD + HDD Based but not using SSD for cache. At first I was skeptic of why not solely using SSD instead. But the results speaks for themselves, although one should note this is still in beta and not being used in Production so performance could degrade once the mass majority are on it. Compare to DO which is a real world performance. 3. There are whole loads of other things Linode does better then DO. Linode has pooled bandwidth, which to this date DO still haven't got round to implement. Different Linode are on different Hardware by default. Which DO is only just started doing it in a few cases. Bandwidth and Latency on Linode are far better. Linode has IPv6. Linode has a very decent Nodebalancer. DO wins on memory / price and Control Panel. Other then that Linode wins. Linode now also offer metered per hour billing ( in beta ). I wonder if they would update Firefox Sync on iOS. Since it is pretty much dead. So Elixir is now production ready? Sigh. Apart from Firefox based and Blink Based ( Chrome / Opera ) Browser. Are there any other alternative on Windows? Interesting that some of these are even cheaper then DO. Which makes me wonder if they are sustainable. I thought they were done by two separate group. Would be great if Gitter was part of Github though. I really like 37signals, for Ruby, Rails or basically their taste for tech and their startup culture / their books. But none of their product really catches me. They are from ok to very good. But not great. Actually Basecamp was the only very good one. Preferring Trello or Pivotal Tracker. Why no Love for OSv on HN. One of those site that doesn't work if you block Google Analytics. I dont know why everything about OVH 's graphics and design all seems to have a distinct lack of taste. In other words they are ugly. Now back to topic. How much is it in USD then? Since it paid in Euro and includes VAT by default. What if i dont need to pay VAT? Arh, I remember all sort of speaker problem ages ago. Never got around to figure what was wrong. I suppose this is it. But does anyone have list of Manufacture that does provide speaker with BIOS Protection?. Does Apple do? Thank You for stating the obvious. I could only think of two current languages that does this or close to this. 1. Is Lua / LuaJIT. Extremely fast. Some Drivers were written from it. 2. Rust with some tinkering. But I honestly think Hardware -> Application Level should be one languages while scripting to DSL would be another. And that i personally prefer Rust and Ruby. I think OSv or something similar would be part of that solution. Single User / Purpose OS designed to do one / few things and those only. I could only hope OSv development would move faster. OH FOR Christ Sake. Are all these Journalist really that much of an idiot? Or do they try to sell a new Steve Jobs to the world. Elon Musk is not Steve Jobs, Far from it. Not saying this as good thing or a bad thing. But for those area that Steve Jobs are genius at, Elon Musk doesn't even earn pass marks. Lei Jun , CEO of Xiaomi, I mean WTF, Steve Jobs of China? I admit Lei Jun is good in things Steve Jobs aren't very good it. But again, no Lei Jun is not another Steve Jobs. I had the same thinking. The only thing holding back current CE are battery. And it hasn't had any breakthrough for a long time. Although what the article stated isn't with any battery breakthrough but rather production issues. And didnt we had a discussion long time ago World Reserve of Lithium not being a sustainable source for battery. That's interesting because i have always thought SDN are what you are describing as NFV. Just when the Heck will apple starting making or designing a replacement for Objective C? Until Rust turns to 1.0? OH God, Dont trust the Marketing BS ( May be they are the same On2 people ) from Google. VP8 will never be able to beat H.264, at least the x264 implementation. And VP9 will be close or on par with x264. But should never be able to match H.265 / x265 if the same quality of x264 is expected. There is VPx, which Google Market BS will likely say it will exceed H.265. But from the looks of it i guess it will be very close to the best of H.265 implementation once it is out, but not better. I got downvoted because I pointed out the truth? Guys and Girls, you dont need to believe every word I have said. Download and test it out for yourself. Or go to Doom9 to search for rips or pics to judge for yourselves. I admire what google is doing to get a patents free ( Which is again not true, but at least you dont have to pay for it ) video codec. But that doesn't mean it is automatically the best quality codec / encoder available. Oh What.... 128MB of Ram, Are they serious? I wouldn't have doubt as much if it was 256MB. Many will end up buying the cheapest phone possible. And the experience will be shite, which then damage the already not so good reputation of FireFox OS. Despite being a Mozilla supporter and browsing the web with Firefox, Mozilla has repeatedly time and time again just not care about user experience at all. And the funny thing about all these report on New Firefox OS phone coming out, none of them has pricing apart from this $25 dollar phone. Even the Reference Design dont get a price either. How will Evangelist and enthusiast buy and get one? I was hoping Github will offer a one stop shop for Online Editor via Atom and Communication via Gitter. Looks like i was wrong. Best thing since sliced bread? If Anything this fundamentally solve the Mobile TV problem. or Heck all Internet Connection problem with one go. No more silly ADSL Phone line or Cable Modem which are far worst then today's LTE. It would get rid of Home Router as well, as long as all of our Mobile Devices have LTE. I cant wait to pay for it. And it seems we move the bottleneck to the cell backbone. Which could get saturated easily. Yes. I would much rather Apple spends billions on this than buy silly things like Whatsapp. Article Point out C-RAN being expensive, surely Apple could help or even host their own C-RAN? Since Apple were Originally interested in MNVO anyway. It properly still wouldn't be unmetered ( Or it could be in less dense population ). But the Cap could be much higher then what we are getting now. The reason why we are all capped at this moment is exactly what pCell is trying to solve. Sharing of Spectrum. The current LTE could already do 300Mbps, and with the accuracy of pCell there is no reason not to believe you cant get faster then 100Mbps in real world. Which is like i said, you dont really need your Wired Internet Line anymore. I dont hate Flash. On the scale of hate Flash doesn't even come close to Internet Explorer. I just wish it was a lot better. I also wish it was open standard. It has its chance with Apple if it wasn't eating battery like X. It also allows games that were previously no available on the web. Its creation tools are top class compared to even today's Web Technology standard. It is not as if Lithium is a abundant reserve that is available whenever you need. Yes there are enough Lithium reserve even for the next 100s years even if EV were suddenly replacing all cars today. And it is much like oil, there are still HUGE amount of reserve. But the problem is extraction. Or more precisely the cost of extraction. If some of these reserve cost 10x more to extract then no one will invest into extracting it. Example would be if US didn't perfected Fracking Natural Gas wouldn't be so much cheaper today. Then there is the technology side of Battery. Telsa are NO expert in Battery Chemistry and Technology. They have currently zero expertise and experience with it. Compared to Panasonic or Other who have been perfecting the battery tech for decades. The problem with today's battery isn't production capacity. Heck China could ramp up production of battery faster then you could even imagine and have a world of over supply issues within a year. The problem is with battery tech itself which requires innovation or even a leap forward. Suggested Price @ 0.75 Per Unit at 100K Batch. Would Love to get one to play with :D. So what is the point of setting up a Call Centre if they have no information to shared and no help or solution provided? It sounds similar to what Lotus is trying to do. http://lotusrb.org/ Exactly, and if you include a little Powered by AWS CloudFront i am pretty sure they could drive down the price a lot. Or, they could start talking to Fastly, I am pretty sure they can work out a much better deal while being faster. Really, why would that be the case? I mean the difference in Latency. A self set up Linode CDN with all six location Tokyo, JP London, UK Newark, NJ Atlanta, GA Dallas, TX Fremont, CA Would have provided 48TB of Pooled bandwidth at a very decent speed and cost around $480. Linode's Network are great, much better then DO. I am not sure if it match CloudFront, which isn't exactly the fastest CDN anyway. Here http://psyphi.net/blog/2013/12/content-delivery-network-cdn-... I have 10 fingers, so that is definitely not "countless" hours of work. And No, Maintenance are minimal or non existent. You could even get smaller VPS behind each node balancer as HA. Since Linode VPS ( Unlike DO ) are deployed on physically different hardware. While i say it is fair enough to use AWS because money doesn't matter, i thought there are definitely some better alternative for the same price( if you really cared about latency ) or cheaper options. Last test i tested DNS balancing ( from DNSMadeEasy )sometimes doesn't work as well as you did imagined, at least compared to EdgeCast or MaxCDN. Although that is quite long ago. Would love to see any recent input. Just want to say, Thank You for Redis. Let's hope DO finally get their act together. No Pooled Bandwidth Networking and Route, as well as capacity need some work. Linode is much better in this regards. No Custom Kernels IPs Problem. Still no deploy to different physical hardware by default. No Private Networking on most of its DC. And possibly many other small things i didn't mention. To me most of those are deal breaker. And my problems with them is that are not fixing or improving these problem quickly enough. While Linode's SSD are quickly approaching, and has none of those drawbacks. But honestly, i dont even see that as problem with China alone. Heck today it is hard to find ANY decent newspaper that are unbiased. ( In the Context of Chinese and English only ). I dont think they are crazy ideas. Any country, be it US, UK, Japan or China have their own set of problems. Although I do generally agree that the Western World dont generally always understand the language and culture difference. I wish Team would be released as a services or at a cost for self installation. I really really wish Dropbox could up their capacity as well. I want to use Dropbox but it is too expensive. But i am not sure even at half the storage space of Google is economically sustainable. One of the thing i immediately noticed were the price /GB over the years. We had literally no decrease since the flood in 2011. So three years later we are still paying for about the same price per GB. But that is finally going to change. As Google lower their price, i see this as HAMR finally coming. With both Seagate and WD promised to get 20TB HDD by 2020, and with a 60TB version after. We have a clear roadmap of what is coming along. Which means Google could now price their storage by it. Oh, God.... 1. Telsa isn't building the Factory themselves. It actually Panasonic, which is currently the sole producer for Telsa Motor's battery, are PLANNING to build a Giant factory in partnership with Telsa. 2.Mass Manufacturing will bring down battery cost? No, Batteries are ALREADY being mass manufactured, and the margin on batteries are thin. very thin. 3.As much as everyone like Telsa and likes to fantasize the idea. Telsa are NO expect in battery technology. Panasonic, Sony are. 4. Batteries, due to the possible explosive nature, require a hell a lot of safety testing before it could be put to use. So basically any new battery invention you read now wont come into consumers hand for at least about 3-4 years. And that is already a unrealistic assumption of everything going straight forward and smoothly. 5. So no new battery tech coming. How about Lithium-ion? Well i can assure you Panasonic has been pushing this tech and incremental improvement are still on the roadmap. Just not the big 2 - 3 x improvement you would expect. 6. Lithium, as it stands today, isn't (yet) a variable solution to EV. A lot of articles will claim it is abundance, but that is the same as Hydrogen. It is the process is getting it. The largest Lithium reserve in the world, in Bolivia, while enough to sustain the EV uses, isn't producing any Lithium simply because the cost of extraction is multiple times higher. That is why many producers like Toyota, and Nissan, or even GM say EV isn't a variable alternative yet. Not because they are paid by Oil Salesman as much as you want to believe. They love alternative energy as well, be it Hydrogen or Battery Powered Cars. It is the current battery isn't up to it. And even the expert in the battery field dont have anything in sight they could look forward to. Royalty free? So i wont be charged for Shipping the commercial game? Only the developer fees? I dont get it. Am i missing something? On another notes, doesn't the H.265 has a image spec as well. How is that getting on? I am not getting what does this mean? Does that mean I could switch to any Network Carrier within Holland and not having to switch sim card? So basically a Software Defined Sim Card? I thought Apple tried this but failed. May be they could try again? Yes this is certainly a problem with HN where its active timezone is US centric. Which means news not submitted during those time are likely to never shown up. embeddable. Wow. This was what Gecko was hoping to achieve and failed to do so. Lets hope the second time around everything will be much much better. Great more features are coming out from Dropbox. I am still hoping their April announcement will include a huge increase in storage capacity. Well RubyMotion is using ARC. Haven't test it out yet. But i fully expect Google DNS to be a lot faster then Route53, which I dont think it was build for speed at all. It is also a lot cheaper then DNSMadeEasy or EdgeCast DNS, both i consider to be extremely performant for a small price. Looks like Google are starting a price war with Google Drive, Google Cloud infrastructure. Does it matter? At first we wanted GGC, or CGGC because we want Firefox to be Snappy. We wanted Project Async because we want it to be Snappy. But after all the bugfixes and everything Firefox is still no snappy. And they landed that Hideous Australis UI. I am still using Firefox day to day, and I have been using it since its Phoenix days. So i know well how it well it did in the old days against IE. But doing good in the past simply doesn't mean everything. May be people hold different standard. But to me and a lot of others, Firefox today is the slowest browser of all, be it Safari on the Mac, IE on Windows, or Chrome/Opera on all Platform. And just a reminder Chrome was released on September 2008. And in many ways Firefox still cant match Chrome snappiness. 6 years! That is an awfully long period in tech industry. Yes, the hideous refresh button is so small, with no border around it, your mental energy require to clicking it will definitely be much higher then something easy to point to and well defined with borders or signs. Taking less space, and looking nice is one thing. Easy to use is another thing. Properly just referring to large amount of Memory. It should be Large Memory instance. Is it only in the US where it is allowed for stock shares to have no voting power? Because I think this couldn't be done in HK or UK stock market. I love ZFS, but Oracle is holding it up which is very annoying. There was GCJ that used to do this for Java. Sadly it has been discontinued. It is interesting how every old is new again, we went from AOT to JIT and Back to AOT again. Google V8 is certainly a brilliant piece of engineering, but by no means Method JIT ( V8 is based on ) has won or the best. Because the King, LuaJIT is based on Tracing JIT. I have to wonder why Python as a communities have always have the interested to substantially speed up Python. While the Ruby Camp has always been about if you want more speed, do it in C. ( Best Tools for the Job manta? ) Although I hope Ruby MRI will one day get its own Google V8 / LuaJIT treatment. I think the problem with no Ruby JIT stern from the fact there are no Ruby design spec. We have implementation and no standard. Compared to Javascript and Lua, Python or Java. Ruby may not ever catch up to the superfast LuaJIT or Javascripts V8 performance due to the nature of the languages itself. But that doesn't mean Ruby should be an order of magnitude slower then them. I was reading and hoping there was an explanation why Safari for Windows discontinued. It is the only popular WebKit browser ( after Chrome fork to Blink ) on Windows. Otherwise another great piece. It was only recently i had the pain of looking for a Cloud Storage solution and none of them seems to fit my needs / taste / price. Yes. Whenever i see unlimited i dont even look further into it. Well unless they are from big companies like Microsoft or Google which could actually afford to do it. Otherwise they dont have a viable business model. And i am weary of that. I dont (quite) trust Google. And Client of Google Drive just somehow doesn't really suit my taste either. Skydrive is expensive. Dropbox client is the best, but i cant bring to myself to pay 5 times the price. Hubic has crap interface. I am looking at MediaFire and Bitcasa, but both previously had some bad reputation with it. Copy from Barracuda looks like best candidate at the moment. I have my own NAS at home. 2x2TB Synology. But I know my home's power delivery quality isn't that great. Power Surge and Lighting are things that could easily destroy your NAS or Data even i have Raid 1 with another external backup. Having something in the cloud just removes the hassle of doing it yourself. I have been dreaming lately of a NAS that does it with Backup in the Cloud in one go. And i just pay an initial fees with a monthly fees. Hoping Apple would do one. But since margin is so low i guess they are not interested. Sometimes i just wish the pricing system would get better as you go larger. What is the difference between the 16GB - 96GB Plan and a dedicated server? And why would i pay 3x the price? The advantage of those who offer Cloud / VPS and Dedicated Servers Hosting company is they can mix and match depending usage. If you are actually building an any sort of infrastructure with Linode those large box are extremely expensive. At a valuation of a few billion? Tell me what Square could do and Apple cant with those few billions? Apple, as with its iPhone user base is large enough to offer its own Payment Network to complete with Visa and Mastercard. Although i dont see Apple wanting to do that either. My only question and request to the new CTO. Please accelerate Project Async and e10sm2. There is no point comparing this to AWS Route53. Purely in terms of speed Cloud DNS win Hands Down. I am not sure if the Cloud DNS is the same as their own DNS infrastructure, if so it is pretty damn fast. The only other two DNS services I recommend is DNSMadeEasy and EdgeCast DNS. Both happens to one of the most affordable as well as fastest. ( Strange combination ) The only bad thing is EdgeCast got brought by Verizon. I am worry if anything bad will happen. So Presumably, Google will manufacture their own POWER8 CPU. But Who made them? TSMC? GloFo? Not IBM since IBM will be exiting Fab business in the near future. I am going to guess this Dual CPU variant will be aiming at Intel Xeon E5 v2 Series. The 10 - 12 Core version cost from anywhere between $1200 - $2600. Although Google do get huge discount for buying directly from Intel and their volume. Assuming the cost to made each 12 Core POWER8 to be $200, that is a potentially cost saving of $1000 per CPU, and $2000 per Server. The last estimate were around 1 - 1.5 Million Servers at google in 2012 and 2M+ in 2013. May be they are approaching 3M in 2014/15. Even with most of those are low power CPU for storage or other needs. One million CPU made themselves could be savings of up to a billion. Could this, kick start the server and Enterprise Industry to buy POWER8 CPU at much cheaper price? And Once there are enough momentum and software optimization ( JVM ) it could filter down to Web Hosting industry as well. In the best case scenario, this means big trouble for Intel. Has any of those Facebook Performance patch been merged with 3.0 yet? And Ruby on Rails is...... at the bottom of the chart again. It is quite disheartening to see it being 20 - 50x slower on the best. Or 2 - 5x Slower to other similar framework. I think there is this luxury where the targeted users, or audience of Baasecamp may actually have the higher end Phones. So the 5/5c or definitely 5S will be fast enough. But there are an Ocean of cheap / slow and older phones out there, which i dont think they will have quite the same experience if it was in Web compared to Native. The Gap will shrink, as technology moves forward. But for the best experience around, may be its best to stick to native for now. I watched the Interview, about how he think EarPod quality were poor, and how he wanted the Music to Feel exactly right, with the Beats Headphone. All these are great. His sales pitch was Apple ish too. There will likely be people on the net falls for it. But may be, just may be he loves Rocks and Dre is Hip Hop, their Beats Headphone are essentially only suited for these two type of music. And may be that is what is was talking about how the music should feel. And may be, just may be, Amercians love the way it sounds, as in Audiophile world there are people who could distinguish those Stereo equipments from different region. I am definitely on the UK and Japan camp, B&W being my favourite. Not that they are the best, but most of the time it is best suited to me, and it depends on price range and other factors. Beats? If it wasn't for the design and looks, i would put it at the bottom of all branded Headphones. And that is not a problem because there will always be a loser. But for a Brand that consistently put out crap at its price range, and talk about it so passionately as if they were the best? I just feel sick. The worst thing about Beats headphone is the audio coming out has no soul in it. I dont feel any attention to details were ever put into it. Heck that is why there are so many cheap knock off, and some even claim those fake version sounded better. Now back to Apple, assuming the Headset business worth nothing. Why would you spend 3.2B on a streaming services? Do knowing what songs next really worth 3.2B? I guess we need to define what you call an Audiophile first. I dont consider myself one. As i think spending over certain amount of money is just silly. In that regards i am just a consumer who expect high quality headphone within a price, that could be around $200 - $300. To simply put, if you are heavy Bass listener. And dont listen to any type of music other then Rock / Hip Hop. Then may be Beats is perfect. You could argue most audiophile would embarrass themselves with blind test, but the traits in Beats are so different that any normal human being should easily distinguish it. I guess neutrality is what Jimmy meant sounded Flat during the Interview. Where Steve Jobs liked it that way. There are reference that SJ was an Audiophile, so may be that is why he prefer it that way. If you compare the new Apple EarPod with its official retail price range to others, yes it is not good. But if i compare to any other earphones that came with other phone or equipment. i.e those given to you for free or part of the package? Then i guess joke is on them. And i wouldn't blame Apple. Why? Because Apple isn't a earphone , audio equipment company. So it would be like comparing Apple's Macbook to Yamaha or Onkyo's Laptop. That is why i posted in another thread, Define Audiophile. If you consider spending anything more then $40 - 50 on earphone as audiophile then we have a different of opinion. Because in my view those are people who spend $100s to $1000s in audio equipment. Therefore i dont consider myself an Audiophile. I just wanted a better audio equipment for my money then what most technology company do which is throw a piece of crap speaker at me. I dont agree on iTunes being Key to iPhone Sales. I would actually say requiring iTunes is the problem to iPhone sales. Whether the curation and Human connection, executive etc are worth 3.2B is up for debate. Mainly because the CAD industry refuse to move forward. I have been wondering about this for long time. The biggest cost in GPU development isn't the Hardware itself. But the drivers. Nvidia famously said they have much more software engineers then hardware guys. And as history can tell having great Hardware on paper means nothing when your Drivers aren't being up to standard ( S3, PowerVR on Desktop). Hence the smaller group of GPU maker were forced out because they dont have the resources to complete on the software front. And yet over the decades nothing has improved. When Browser wanted to do hardware Acceleration there were many Laptop GPU being blacklisted simply because they dont have any drivers update. Situation is much better on Mac because the drivers and testing happens to be the same people. There are people who wanted the GPU to be just another CPU. Intel Larrabee. But none of them has succeeded. I wouldn't have thought with GPU IP taking rounds, drivers quality being in the hands of vendor would have improve the situation abit. However it seems no one wants to invest into it. So do we have no solution for this? Rumors has it Apple are designing their own GPU. May be they are tackling the drivers problem themselves by getting rid of it? I thought the latest Safari (Desktop at least) were already on Webkit2. And i know Safari on iOS7 tends to be running one cycle behind ( Correct me if i am wrong ) So may be we get Webkit2 for iOS 8? It did in terms of HPC. Not Gfx, which failed miserably. Because then the Old API would no longer be developed. And CAD industry dont want to port the application to a whole new API. Interesting Question. Just say what happen if there is a same person in EU or UK with the name Britney Spears and ask search engine to delete records? While I agree you should be able to delete something off the internet ( to a certain degree ). How is putting up something for auction, which is an act of public disclosure, be a privacy issue? I am not sure about Spain, but there are plenty of countries in today's world which have the flat / house selling price listed for the past 10 - 20 years. After Further Digging, it turns out WebKit2 has been a private framework in both OSX and iOS. But on OSX it has been extremely unstable. It wasn't until Maverick did the process per tab came and stability improves. I guess Apple still needs to work on for iOS due to its heavy memory usage. So hopefully, they will come in iOS8. But as much as i hate to admit Rubinius is still slow. I am glad WebKit is thriving. I was worried that the fork Blink with Google and Opera would means Webkit gets no love. Hopefully the next Safari in iOS and OSX will get many more improvements Yes, but in this case it isn't just "some" contributors. Google used to contribute more then double the commit and people on the project. http://hypercritical.co/2013/04/12/code-hard-or-go-home Exactly right. Everything is comparative. If Chrome never appeared in the first place, Firefox may well still reign supreme. The problem is Chrome first appeared so god damn fast, and has better caching, advance / pre DNS lookup, rendering and responsiveness, startup speed etc. Firefox looked the IE of its days. Then Firefox did improve, ( at its own pace ) and Chrome manage to slip behind in multiple areas. But i really wanted a third choice, WebKit based Browser that is Firefox Like ( Tab OverFlow. ) Or may be i should just buy a Mac. Dont know why you got downvoted. But I agree that advertising is the key to web site revenue. Since the amount of people willing to pay are in extreme minorities. I think the key is web page speed. Advertising slow down the page a lot and have adverse effect. Many uses Adblock / Ghostery just to speed up their internet browsing. Interesting, I thought no government were competent enough to make this happen. Clearly I was wrong. Once the last mile is owned by the government / building / land owner. They should be able to choose what ever ISP they have without being locked into any one of them. Thx for the basic theory of energy and chemistry. That clears up a lot of things in my head. So in terms of Chemistry and Physics goes, we are already reaching near the fundamental limits of energy storage? Why did they close down something like Google Reader and Not Google Code Hosting? Do anyone actually use it? I wish they could either make Google Code decent or simply kill it and use GitHub instead. Is this a new implementation? Of did Foxit release it as Open Source? Then I would rather I have the choose of using PDF with this and Javascript disabled. May be Opera should adopt this. That is the point. If Foxit opened it up then they deserve some credit. Otherwise the web is going to publish this as another Google PR without acknowledging their work. That is the point. If Foxit opened it up then they deserve some credit. Otherwise the web is going to publish this as another Google PR without acknowledging their work. I know. I dont want everything to be in GitHub either. It could even be BitBucket. The point is Google Code is so terrible that i refuse to even look at it for more then a minutes. Well from people outside of US, it is not only the legal system. It seems to me US itself is largely broken. I did a Skim Read. So what exactly is new? Because I thought this design document were a few years old already. When is SQLite 4 expected? Apple using Private API is cheating? Are these Dev Apple new comers? Apple has a history of dogfooding its own API internally until it think it is good enough before releasing it to the public. With the traction of iOS Ecosystem. I think Apple could have created its own API, or even just reuse Mantle or use it as a base for a new API. This certainly wasn't possible when Mac was the minority. But now even if Apple gets only 10% of the Phone market there is still a huge userbase. No longer bounded by OpenGL. There is Ruby China https://ruby-china.org/ If Samsung == Copy, Xiami == Rip Off. Or precisely, its VM needs as much love as possible. Why this never made it on to the frontpage? The reason why ZFS didn't plan out were simply because it was using too much CPU and Memory. Not something worth considering when the majority of Apple's devices now are Mobile ( Phone / Tablet / Laptop ) It may have been great if Time Capsule, or an Apple NAS uses ZFS. But it seems Apple will likely wants you to move everything to iCloud Drive( Finally! ). I think Apple's new FileSystem will be based entirely for Flash. Something similar to Samsung's F2FS. Since F2FS is GPLv2 license it is not possible for Apple to use it within their own Kernel. Do people really get punished for it? I mean the actual ones behind those bot, not the innocent ones that had their computer hacked without knowing. If yes, how long does it normally take to get them? If At all? Weeks? Months? Years? These days DDoS seems far too easy, far too common. From Wiki "For the time being there are no good technical means to counteract misuse of NTP servers" Sigh Tell dont not to open .exe file in Email. "What is .exe files?" Dont use IE "What is IE? Next time they click on it to get to the Internet" Can You please stoping using XP? "Why should I pay for upgrade when everything i do is working perfectly fine?" Honestly, there are people who dont know Shxt. And they dont want to know about it either. To them even basic computer usage is extremely complex. That is why Tablet, is getting the traction in Grandma and others who dont want anything but a Internet and Application capable Appliance. I dont have data to support, but I think the idea was to build the largest solar with an huge initial investment. Something not possible for majority of other company. Since most of the Datacenter operation cost are electricity, Apple essentially gets it for free, and the unused electricity are sold back to the grid. On the conservative side I think in the long run ( 10+ years time ) the cost would have roughly the same. Or it is more likely to be a huge saving over time. I continue to wonder why No one has ever used it as part of the CPython / CRuby compiler? I cannot upvote this enough. *Mostly because LuaJIT is awesome (with it's quirks) Could you give some example of its quirks? It is rather interesting that most parts of Lotus has been posted on HN every months, and yet dont even get more then 10 comment and a few points, not to mention it was never on the HN frontpage. Now all of a sudden it has 241 point. 134 comment. Well the server version start at $199. So i dont think that is cheap. Thx, I couldn't be bothered to find the cause. Now i just Flag it. What is much more interesting here is G.Fast, the technology it is based on. G.Fast, is suppose to be a FTTdp, where fibre goes all the way to your building and replacing the central copper wiring box with its DSLAM. In countries where you have many flats within a building, it is likely the copper wiring to home socket are all within 100M range. I am not sure this applies to every scenario in every countries. But the concern of Copper quality is mainly a problem with copper outside of the building. Copper within the building are in much better shape and form. G.Fast also allow operator to config the upload and download speed. Hopefully that means at least 100Mbps of upload speed in the age of cloud computing. I cant wait to see this deploy. No longer would teleco needs permission and planning to work around every home and every building to get high speed internet. Huawei and Alcatel-Lucent are the fore front in G.Fast technology.