I think it is interesting to hear from the other side of the fence every so often, but the proposed plan is sub-optimal. I would like to suggest what I think is a better model. The "Sampo solution" to licensing (each foundry holds a page listing which domains are allowed to use a font) is frankly unworkable. Imagine if helvetica was licensed this way - on every web page more or less. Every time a browser visited a new domain it would need to download a very big file from a foundry website (there are how many domains? What does a ten million line file cost to download on a mobile?). And what about the TTL for that list, make it a week and every browser around the world needs to download it all again. Even Google would sag under that kind of load. The first idea that comes to mind is to just replace the "root table" with a y/n call - here is my webpage, here is the font name, can i use it. This does not really solve the problem - it reduces traffic sure, but the issue is that if i visit domain x I automatically need to visit another domain, that may or may not be available. Its inelegant, its inefficient and its insecure. The web would effectively 'not work' if a big foundry said 'no to all'. And that is a big ransom demand to put in anyones hands. And I strongly suspect there is a really powerful cross-site scripting vulnerability sitting in there. It also works against the foundries - the solution decides the licensing. There is just one kind of license - per domain. No sophistication, no negotiation. What if you only want to license your font for my mobile readers. What if you want to license it for the first 100,000 views for free as a taster, then stick it to me. What if everyone hosted on rackspace servers gets it. The technology should limit the business options as little as possible. Ok, what do you suggest then ? I prefer a slightly more network-friendly solution. There are not that many foundries (certainly orders of magnitude less than domains) so it is quite feasible for them all to put public root certificates in browsers, or at worst run shared CAs. The technology is already there for SSL. Then each website who wants to license a .wtf (great name!) file pays their money and gets a signed (hashed) license file which sits next to robots.txt. The browser downloads the web page, the font and then decrypts the license file with the known public key. The license file is then located where it should be, on the site with the font, and we can trust the license file is genuine. If its out of date thats the webmasters problem. The license file could hold - domains allowed - servers / ips allowed - license type - an extensible other data section. The license type would need to be pre-agreed with the browsers, the first obvious one is per domain. But any number of types (lets say one byte or 255) could be invented as the browser manufacturers and foundries talk. This solution has a lot more going for it. We avoid the horrors of mass file downloads, of out of date caches causing havoc and of finding that we put the entire web under the control of one small group of font designers.(I am sure they are lovely people each and every one, in fact thats why i dont want to do it. Imagine the stress of avoiding that temptation, lets not put them through it, the dears.) It also follows the same approach as has been proven to work with ssl for a dozen years, and reuses technology instead of inventing it. The downsides - well font designers are asking web browser manufacturers to enforce their copyright. If they get it, the exact same approach can be used for, well anything. If youtube has not got right license file, no playing. Seems like a can of worms to me, and I suspect I would not want to do it if I were Apple or Mozilla. Anyway, my two cents. [edit:removed a comment that might be a bit flame-y] This actually made some sense for me. Yes it did start to read like sarcasm, but no-one (and no company) can ever be brilliant at everything . Trying to do everything perfectly will lead to burn out, but leaving some things badly done will leave you exposed. What I took from the article was to be mediocre in almost everything you do is a sustainable approach - want to take payments, use paypal, sales and marketing? Adwords, some PR puffs and a voip number. Mediocre still means a job is done and to an acceptable standard. If it is quick and dirty, it is a lot better than not done at all. As long as you do one thing better than mediocre, and everything else is covered, you stand a chance. But yes, there is a lot of judgement between 'this quick and dirty is an acceptable mediocre' and 'this quick and dirty is worse than nothing'. Voting is like innoculation. I do not merely vote for a 'mainstream' candidate to ensure that my choice gets in. I also vote so that 'extreme' candidates are excluded. A vote for a mainstream candidate is an innoculation for society against extremist diseases. It is vanishingly unlikely that my vote will be at the exact tipping point, ie a hanging chad county in Florida. It is also unlikely that my innoculation against killer flu will be the one innocluation that stops the spread of the virus. But from society's point of view it does not matter - the more who are innoculated, the safer society is. Similarly, the more people who vote the more candidates need to pander to the mainstream opinion, not the extremist. In general we become safer. This all breaks down if mainstream opinion is actually 'wrong'. But thats a different issue. PS Here in the UK the fascist BNP have got two MEPs and will be controversially appearing on a wellknown politics talk show. Innoculations need to be kept up. the "Art of Operations" suggests a book or similar that you are referring to - is there one, or am I reading too much into some double quotes? http://www.csoonline.com/article/print/329164 This is an old article but compares the actions against the Barbary Pirates (US Navy used force to ensure Free Trade) with what US could do with Internet 'piracy' - and no thats not copying CDs. Bug Trackers also play an important prioritisation role - a central location to decide what work is most important right now. If we wrote only unit tests, pretty soon someone would hack up a system to take the names of the tests, and put them in a list. It would be called testzilla. marvellous! Gold measured in Seawater in 1990 - "just 1 gram of gold for every 100 million tonnes of sea water (Earth and Planetary Science Letters, vol 98, p 208)." http://www.newscientist.com/article/mg12717242.800-science-g... cperciva, thank you for clarifying what I should have put in there in the first place. Anyway, this seems a good overview and is not wildly out with the other literature afaik. http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=LbTDLa_2opsC&pg=PA26&... so, 130m tons of salt is supported, 6m tons of magnesium, but 1 ton of silver and 0.02 tons of gold, and commercial extraction seems limited to salt (obviously) magnesium and bromine. I suspect someone quoted the "boring" elements accurately and then upvoted the "fun" elements for you. Wow. It is utterly incredible what an election you are likely to lose will prompt politicians to promise. Over here the election has begun in earnest, with the big guns coming out in just one day to promise big new initiatives - from a industrial strategy for green energy and biotech, to UK Space Agency to Semantic Web-enabled government departments. Some of this is aiming in the right direction, like releasing OS maps, broadband for digital poor and access to government processes online. But some of this terrifies me - "allowing users of government services to identify themselves simply and definitively" sounds like an ID card online. I love that Gordon has been listening to some of the right people. I am scared that my government is going to try and go online when they support things like the Digital Economy Bill copyright sections. Whoever wrote this speech did not do the policy work on clause 17. roll on may 6th (I did a similar calc and from memory it was) 1mile ~ 1.6km 1cubic mile = 1600 * 1600 * 1600 m3 ~ 4.1 bn m3 1m3 = 1000 ltrs & 1 ltr (pure water) = 1kg so 1m3 ~ 1 ton 1cubic mile ~ 4.1 bn tons so 1g / 100m tons ~ 41 grams per cubic mile The 41/47 is probably a better weight for seawater than my 1kg/ltr. [redacted till I finish reading what I should have read in first place] I agree about type 5 (the TODO comment) but I also think there is a lot of value in type 4. I would not call it "lifestory" but "business reasoning". Far too often one can visit code and think - I know what it does, but why does the business want that to happen? With comments like that the origin of the request is now obvious. And as we are all being Agile-y now and no-one writes down business requirements anymore, type 4 might just save your ass. I think luu is underestimating Mr Dijkstra - this one essay has more nuggets than Mcdonalds... I prefer to describe it the other way round: the program is an abstract symbol manipulator, which can be turned into a concrete one by supplying a computer to it. if we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as "lines produced" but as "lines spent" As economics is known as "The Miserable Science", software engineering should be known as "The Doomed Discipline" and so on. You can happily read most of the current problems we face in the Doomed Discipline laid out 30 years ago. In the end, reading honest thinking from people orders more intelligent than yourself always inspires something. @gojomo thanks that looks really useful. @willvarfar - yeah, that's a bit beyond even my liberal bleeding heart. Homelessness has always been this background hum, but specific "how do you get a bed" questions have not been something I have ever asked before. It's surprising me. @mkramlich - I did realise it was v off topic but I wanted advice from a community that has a lot of clever and thoughtful people ... and HN ;-) I was thinking something like c1sc0 suggested - there are times when I would like to hand over a voucher for a bed for a night rather than cash. But I also understand such voucher schemes can do more harm than good. Something like pay this website, get a pdf with a random number on it. That number can be redeemed against your payment by the hostel. It is probably something that needs sponsoring by the council / govt / Shelter, but might not sit well with their policy / experience. I'll have a look-see. So it seems the advice boils down to * will the "system" help? Is there a reason she is not treated on NHS / RBKC housing her? * As an emergency measure take a call if they are genuine and if so try and pay for hostel for a few nights. I'll let you know. Lastly is editing my own post a time limited offer? I wanted to clean up that markup crud - I think my iPhone hates me. That was college surely? :-) The wikipedia page notes that moving the experiment out of Yale into a local office building dropped the 450v obedience to 48% but "was not statistically significant" it seems hugely significant - nearly 50% reduction. Does anyone know why it's not considered significant ? Is it just me, or if you are studying the "extreamly-intelligent" as in the image halfway down, its best to learn how to spell extremely. And the rules on hypenation. Could not agree more. You have a dying product, not a dying business or bad employees. Level with your employees (who probably already know this is a dying product) - and then set a revitalising target - Build in the next two months at least two online profitable (cash positive) services. Which ones? Ask your employees now, and over next few weeks ask your customers. They have pain points that clearly are being better met elsewhere, but when someone credible asks what pain can I solve, most people reply seriously. to summarise, JFDI. Kill everyone is certainly not the only option nor the most likely reason for scrambling. Any commander will value eyes on the ground as high quality intelligence, and in this situation a calm professional pilot obsrving the cockpit will be useful, even if the airforce don't have gizmos for listening in, videoing etc so, no, reaching for a gun might mean you just want to look down the sight to see more. My challenge is taking client who can barely release twice a year, with manual testing, and getting them on the path to daily builds, let alone this level of control over ones environment. It gives me an insight into how it must have felt being proud spear wielding warriors seeing "Gatling" stenciled on the side of a large wooden box. The big question is why the structure of the IT department lent itself to doing something so stupid You can fire the CIO, you can replace the offshore developers with onshore, or vice versa, but experience says it won't matter. I looked in amazement at googletesting's dependancy graph test suites yesterday, and realised that the playing field is not flat at all. Reading and writing code is the literacy of the 21st C. And the end most big companies are like newspapers owned and managed by illiterates. It does not matter how you rearrange the strucutre or the hierarchy, when the chips are down decisions will be made on what the illiterate management understand is the best way to work. As such it is infinitely unlikely that the decision then will be set up to support what a literate person would decide. Until a generation of coders grows up, or all illiterate companies go bankrupt, this will merely be one of a myriad of pathologies exhibited by large companies run by the illiterate. >>> Today software development might as well be magic. There are no reliable objective methods for determining developer or software quality. The only method that's proven to work well is the subjective judgment of another "magician". Try replacing software development with writing english. I am going to stop banging on about this eventually, but reading and writing code is something that needs to be understood at all levels of a company before that company gets good at it. If the boss of the company and everyone who reports to him is illiterate, one cannot expect the memos and the policy documents and the amusing posters to be of any decent quality Forgive the dumb question but what do you mean by a working set? Is this the part of index that covers the shard that server is on? Or is your domain such that you only care about most recent records - for my part it's rare that a table has records I will not want to see and so can be in the non ram part of index? I think a reread of the op suggests that only a subset of data and indexes are in ram - but my question still stands but slightly differently phrased - are you saying best practises is shard your dbase and place shards in ram in as many servers as needed? A Python company just outside the city, whose name escapes me right now, was doing very well with a web based excel. Most/many hedge funds manage billions of dollars on the back of very complicated excel spreadsheets, mostly because the "talent" understand excel and can bend it to their needs. But auditing these things is an utter nightmare, which version was used to lose a million here or a million there. Is it still on bobs laptop? How can I reuse code? By providing a excel like front end and a centralised, versionable, auditable back end, they got a lot of interest going. The space is still very wide afaik, but I have been out of the City for some years now. (In fact you could take a similar approach to any CFO's office) Jane Street is very unusual in having such an advanced technology management set up (IIRR OCaml, directors review the code before production etc etc) I think the most fascinating fact was the speed of turnaround. This has been just on the radar of UK reporting for some years, with newspaper investigations and TV documentaries digging into the first and so far only convictions and doing everything but saying "And there is no way this was limited to only one reporter" But no-one cared enough to turn it into action. Then suddenly a court had evidence "someone" had deleted voicemails from a kidnap/rape/murder of a 13yr old. Within hours everyone from the PM down had hung them out to dry. Overstepping the line is a herd instinct. I heard it on radio and just said "someone has to go to jail". I am just wondering if Murdoch's lawyers are saying "It could be you" If @WalterGR above is correct, then changes to your site will only help when panda is rerun between one bot visit and the next (ie it's a batch process not a constantly evolved ranking). If that's true then an awful lot of sites I have heard about may have been wasting time SEO'ing for nothing. (most obvious is serverfault) Does anyone know if it really is an infrequent labelling run or an algoithm change and or it's run frequency? Edit: reference to waltergr added correctly Is it just me or does this smack of security by obscurity - as long as the great firewall of China/Iran/Whomever does not recognise the packets are hiding the real destination in their headers, then they will let the packets pass and anonymous surfing can continue. But somehow the telex station does, without initially decrypting every packet. So I guess the arms race will be a short one as whatever telex uses as a decrypt me signal will be replicated. Unfortunately, and rather ironically, my client's proxy is blocking telex.cc so I cannot read any details on the steganography. 5. Say yes ... No! SAying yes is an implicit delivery promise. You will either break yourself (budget over runs, massive stress) trying to deliver, and/or you fail and your reputation suffers If you have done it once already and know how much effort it will be - say yes and quote If you have never done it before, say "I have never done it before" but for a small hourly fee I will implement a prototype. If you like it we can talk full project, but if not, or if I cannot make it work, then I just keep small fee as R&D. The customer then has more choices / options which is usually appreciated Dont lie to customers. And saying yes without saying "I've never done i before" is lying. Posession with intent to distribute is an actual statutory crime (written explicitly to make prosecution easier for the cops) There is no generalised "intent to" law, there would need to be an actual seperate crime of posession with intent to distribute academic articles. So "mens rea" is not enough to convict without action unless there is a specific exception. And in general even the police try not to rely on the intent laws - which is why bank robbers get nicked after robbing the bank, and why we have such convoluted anti terrorist laws. I am concerned by the tendancy to throw everything into one in-process model. (by in-process I mean that we are calling a ruby function calculatePrice in the same model / whatever instead of calling out to a web api and getting back a price) It's usually cleaner to think about web service calls - not put everything into same model even though you can cleanly seperate functions within a single model the tendancy to make an inprocess call not an api call is always high. So removethe tempation. Have a thin model, a thin view and a thin controller all doing just one (rest-ful) thing and call between them the overhead in creating objects from passed in Json is far lower the trying to unstitch logins, transactions, funny bits of business logic from one monolithic model (not that I am saying you would end up with a monolithic piece of spagetti but I have seen some indark corners of the enterprise world, even in projects which have all the right buzzwords) Surely Digest Auth is a UI ontop of HTTP authentication? The browser does the work - there is absolutely no need for millions of hand rolled web login forms. I will second (or apparently 338th) this. I was in a similar position to you - and it took me 5-6 years to get back from being so broke I literally could not pay the admin fee for bankruptcy, to charging 1000 dollars a day. It was not a smooth road, nor an easy one, but it is a road many of us have travelled and we can let you know about some of the worst potholes. You are in the right profession, and you have the balls to take a leap like that while still in your teens. The history of entreprenuers say the odds are actually in your favour, even if it does not feel like it. Just to let you know, at my lowest point, after months of failed "proper" job hunting, my wife told me to get out the house and get a job stacking shelves at the local supermarket. A week later I was in the freezer section, stacking sausages. It did not last long but it was the turn around I needed. Don't worry about the "high status" jobs - take any job and work up. And Remember the wise words of Kipling - to take both Triumph and Disaster and treat those two imposters both the same. Good luck, keep posting Agree completely with Adamj here - put versioning in the headers. And to be honest, the advice here implies you can as a newbie product manager design a rest api without a hardcore (presumably experienced) rest developer - and throw it over the wall to the developers (who will thank you). I cannot ever imagine that working. Some recent posts on why no-one gets rest (to be looked up) are much more useful, but even so I have not yet found a good guide to rest style - even the oreilly book was disappointing. The trade off lies in the amount of effort marco will spend trying to learn Outlook, understand which resource on the web is wrong, misguided, lying or just out of date, and the level of frustration his (father-in-law?) can bear, as opposed to say, going for a drink and a walk on Thanksgiving. At a certain point just saying I dont know how gives the other person a data point on how much effort their choices will involve. I have wasted days before now trying tofix things I should have simply said "I don't know - its R&D from here on in, these are my rates" The main point to me is we still insist on this being engineering as opposed to creative writing. No-one sets out the specifications for a novel, or even a marketing report. Why copyright / piracy? I understand that Hollywood and other IP owners spend more, have better lawyers and lobbyists, but really, I no longer believe the idea that across the Western world, legislators are all coming round to the idea that they must somehow protect the status quo of music / film production. This is feeling more and more like an excuse. And if it is an excuse, then finding the underlying concern / reasons that drive these laws is important What do you think is driving legislators fears? Is it a need to somehow get this internet thing under "our" control. Is it a form of parochialism - we dont want this foreign sites coming into our country (be that sex.ru or facebook) Err, just a small comment. Crime Boss. Crime Boss. How many people has he killed, either personally or by order. Did those murders, leg breakings or threats help scale his business in the early days. Is this an approach patio11 should use? #justaskin There is a worrying undercurrent of self sufficency worked for me, it should work for everyone in many us style right of centre commentary these days. I understand it's heart felt but - most jobs don't pay enough to save. The average blue collar wage in US has not moved in nearly 30 years in dollar terms. - most people (it seems) who push this view come from states that have lots of space few people and net inflowss of cash from the rest of the us. In other words saying everyone should Save is a good idea but like saying everyone should be thin, we don't live in bodies or society adapted to make that happpen and it's not clear how to get there I would suggest that the capittal cost vs marginal cost is the wrong argument. Yes, its correct but the marginal cost of a single photo is soooo low you will never make any money back (expect perhaps with massively popular photos and very good DRM systems) ANd this approach does need a DRM and all the attendant (SOPA?) legal framework The article does mention the solution "You would not expect your writers to work for free" No - but writers work for commission. If you went out without any commission and took the photo, then you dont get paid for the photo. If a beach front hotel wanted a nice shot for its website and paid you 200USD to go do it, then you got paidf - and any extra resell value you make is a bonus So, if you are in an industry where your work can be reproduced at near zero margins, you get paid in commission of the initial creation - not the ongoing rights sales. Some ancillary benefits may acrue (credit) As someone who gets paid to write code, and also writes code for free (OSS), this difference is clear - and to be fair it is clear also to Madonna (couple of years ago she gave up rights for music sales to more of the cash from tours.) A good friend of mine with a PhD in this stuff points out that to do any useful work (ie breaking 3DES) you need a qubit for every bit in the factor(key), and all must be super-positioned at the same time - and that getting each extra bit superpositioned seems to be getting exponentially harder - in short quantum computing is looking to be technically much much harder than hoped. Kind of next century harder. For a given value of true, Programming is just normal human language literacy with slightly stricter syntax rules. As such I say there should be as many good women programmers to good male programmers as there are good women writers. If you have the savings to live comfortably I would suggest you avoid a job. In almost all cases the ratio of awesome learning to repitition and compromise is tiny and it sounds like you want to learn how to do this profession well. So some of the best practitioners do this for free - in open source development. Find a couple of established projects (mYbe in a domain you understand like film blender3d comes to mind) and join in. Progress from just compiling and testing the code others write to fixing one or two bugs (the time you are ready to contribute a bug fix is the time you look at a bug and say I know where that is failing) from there most non-poinsonous projects will take you on -find a mentor in the project- does not have to be very formal - do things their way, their setup their indentation style, until you know why you will do it differently. On the side set up and administer a real live service that has real live people using it. Could be a start up. Could be a saas for a local charity. The main thing is to get a feel for the problems of running a live service. Do this for 6 months - year. Also exercise and eat well, you may as well. Check back here every few months and after six months, go look for jobs. You will be amazed how much less daunting that whiteboard. Free advice - worth every Penny > His office was nicknamed the Hot Tub on account of the heat they generated. Most days his stack of window air conditioners could keep up. I ran the servers for a whole company like that, everyday thinking that's totally unprofessional but it is effective. After we went to our own raised floor cold room, I still never felt it was that much more reliable. Cleaner, more polished yes. But 80% of the effect for 20% of cost is usually a good deal. Fitting out your server room from the local hardware store felt like a successful hack. > Unions are a cancer I don't wish to start a flame war so I shall be measured here. Unions came in to being to fight massive, widespread exploration of workers that today would be considered criminal. Unions are still required for their original purpose across the globe ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foxconn_suicides ) I agree that the USA has been curiously free of unionisation (having 5% of your population as illegal indentured servants probably helps) but most western countries have had the unions win their important battles and it will take a while, if ever, before unions as they were in late 19c early 20c will be needed again oddly it feels like movements such as occupy are going to become the new union movement. Anyway my point was that unions = cancer is such a self evidently wrong thing to say for billions of workers that it even makes cancer cringe. I agree capital investment generates wealth. Unions represent one means of distributing (not re-distribuing) that wealth - ensure that the labour used to transform x into wealth get a larger share of pie so they can for example afford schooling this increasing the speed of wealth creation. Unions get credit for distributing wealth to the workers faster than owners of capital would do, and for defending individuals against exploration ( and the point isthat without unions (or other organised collective action) each of us is an explotable individual) As for the bad things, I just ask what I would choose to do in that situation. HN top choice is start up a competing foxconn that treats workers better. But I fully understand the other thought process: if the other guy has an army and enforces discipline it would be foolish of you if you thought individual spirit and the invisible hand were going to be any damn use so for my money unions are just the more militant end of a spectrum that has co-operatives and workers collectives somewhere in the middle and Cadbury on the far end. All of the spectrum is about how to distribute the new wealth being generated. It does not all have to go to the owners of capital ( frankly I feel the term Capitalism is misnamed. I would prefer unimpededmarketpricesignalling but is suspect it won't catch on:-) [edit: can't spell on iPhone plus went off on a tangent. But I would be very interested if anyone knows of research on effect on blue collar wages of the massive influx of illegal workers into USA. This is something the UK as an island has little of. This is extremely common in my experience (and the corrollary effect - we cannot refactor that code, it will be too expensive to retest. Dont touch that code path, add a new one with cut and paste) Anyway, it is possible to bring Agile to a large organisation, but it generally needs first to solve tooling and build problems - I would not start a single sprint until there was source control, complete automated build, and enough tests to be reasonable. Amazing how much pain can be endured by teams. That much pain can teach you not to care. Internet's killer app will be interactive. But the Hollywood killer will be a passive mode of consumption (I still do like just to be entertained) Add to this the rise of Facebook and I would do the following. Put a microphone and speaker in the corner of each room of the dorms at MIT or Yale (not cameras note, we know where that will lead). let people talk to their friends, whilst not "using" a device. Let others listen. Vote up conversations. Eventually most people are listening in to the most interesting conversation in College. I would love it to scale so I can spend an evening listening to the most interesting conversation in the world. Reality TV, Social Media, no longer shouting through to the next room. It's got everything. I'm dubious just how much relevance social signals add. And for me this is the crux of the matter. It looks like google is just chasing after facebook, with the sole intention of monetizing those lovely social graphs. That might not be evil, but it loses you a lot of goodwill. Telling the cows they are monetisabke beef units will hurt Daisy's feelings. If the google search page came with some means of showing the raw search and the adjusted ones, we might be willing to give them the benefit of the doubt (I.e. Your results, plus the raw duckduckgo equivalent, plus the ones based on your past search history but ignoring your google+ account etc) google is search, and the other posts are right - they forget that at their peril. But they can be forgiven the other dalliances if they can show us how those products made search better Actually we might not bridge the gap ( http://m.techcrunch.com/2011/08/21/software-is-eating-all-th... ) The Luddites were right - technology does destroy jobs. The hope is that new technology creates new jobs fast enough to replenish it is just a hope. I am willing to bet a largeish sum of money that had such a test been around for literacy sometime in 1870 when mass education in the uk started in earnest, we would have found a double hump of people who had a consistent mental model of sentence construction, story arcs, past and future tenses. The fact almost everyone has same mental model now is down to very early age education. When your parents are literate you will be too. It's possible this test could be done today in countries with terribly low rates of literacy The Tina Fey autobiography / jokebook had an interesting comment - one of her mentors explained that the role of a (TV) Producer was to reign in / prevent creativity. The idea was you had hired amazingly creative people, and if you did not provide necessary constraints the whole would be way less than the parts. (the example was asking the props dept for a teacup. No not on a silver platter the reflection will kill the camera, no not with sugar tongs these are simple countryfolk etc etc) Steve Jobs is just an extreme example of this role - provide a common vision, explain the constraints and edit edit edit the great ideas coming at you. (nb editing is not the same as directing, something I tend to forget I my code reviews - an editor should accept a brilliant idea and change the other work to fit it in, a director, directs...) Ben-law.co.uk this was such a wildly popular (for channel 4) programme that they did a follow up. He had built an extension for his new family (single originally, and let's face it the project was a form of therapy) and was / is now making a small income teaching others how to do it. My concern, and only real defence of the construction industry, is there probably are not enough hillsides and trees to go round. But as one living opposite a building site, yes, the construction industry can stand to learn one or two sustainability lessons We have struggled to get a BIOS that is Free / Libre And where does this leave us now? Just because Ubuntu is free, if the phone manufacturers start to get trusted mobile computing (tm) disease, we are still in trouble. "Curated" is still not free And there are some obvious holes - you cant carry a monitor around with you. So you need docking stations to plug into. Do you trust the keyboard in the Public library not to watch your keystrokes? Isn't this the "all politicians are untrustworthy" problem. Politicians are not any more untrustworthy or criminal than the general populace, they are just more closely watched . And the same is obviously true of those 'under observation' - psychiatric disorders or not. I am not sure just how many of my strange habits would be diagnosed under the DSM - but enough to worry me :-) What I want most is to tie this into my phone (iPhone but willing to swap if there really is not an app for that) I assume this should be easy but I don't knwo how have all my contacts sync'd to gmail (doable) have all my mails to a contact tracked (standard email functionality, plus seems to be what this post is about) have all my calls to from a contact not only kept on my phone but also exported and synched Ba k to this crm bonus points for an app that let's me add notes after a call and syncs those too amazingly enough I had this on an old nokia n95 back in the day. Don't forget XXX, fix this and a variety of swear words in different languages I have written two or three apps over the years that parse source code for this and others, but nothing ever satisfying really felt right. If anyone has something perfect do shout. Will Schumpter win out here? Presumably in a perfect labour market competant women will leave companies like this and go work for the non sexist competition I believe that will be true for companies that do not embrace for example lean product discovery or software as transformative. But I just don't think the labour Market is really perfect enough to make this kind of difference but even so, start looking at jobsites. You won't change them, and if you leave for good reasons, good employers will understand. The wikipedia Page ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keep_Calm_and_Carry_On ) has some interesting links. I am amazed this is genuine - I had thought it was faux antique too. Sometimes things can be too good and true it seems edit: Bit of a rewrite, added link Re Lockyy - the trend of people downvoting and then continuing to argue with someone is annoying. Sometimes the font is so small I literally cannot read what has upset people is this a technically solvable problem - if you downvote doyou then get your reply link taken away? Is this actually a problem or are downvoters different people to those who keep on arguing? The biggest lesson I see here is how much family solidarity and positive expectations makes in a childs education and life. Without her male tribe, and presumably the female tribe who sent the male tribe along, Reg's mum would have taken a different path. As a father of a young family with a spotty family past I wanted to focus on things I knew for my children. Perhaps I need to focus more on building that kind of supportive family or pseudo family. Inspiring stories have a tendancy to inspire things not first thought of. Thank you To me it's the plausibility that matters even if this is not real ( the fraud is clearly real and probably not rare, the scale is the thing at issue) even if it's not real, there is little to suppose it cannot be real. Social security numbers are / used to be a simplettransposition of date of birth iirr it's how do we prevent such frauds - and if we do it's still a clever dos attack on the IRS. 10 million fraudulent tax returns. How do you deal with that except manual review? The attitude "never say anything you would not want tosee published" is wrong. When you say something (online) you are publishing it all those pub conversations, all those vitriolic diatribes against managers (whom we later bacame) are packed up and put into a book called read me later we have all been writing appendicies to the Viz Swearosaurus Interesting. That is a common trend I have noticed - there is some class of dev whose job becomes serving the internal business on an adhoc basis your manager can either stop it by charging your time back to the requestor ( I would suggest you track the requests -send emails sayi g Bob you wanted a new sales report, it's third on list and expect it 9am) or he can explicitly Market you to the business - what I previously did. And it is a powerful weapon for your manager. The higher ups feel well treated and the department gets all it's interrupts funnelled thru one person, who in your case seems good at it and happy to do it but I strongly suggest you track the work, and push the marketing value of what you do. I'm giving up FreeBSD today. I've built Departments and platforms on the old faithful OS, I even blog about it - but my contracts demand skype or even Oracle and whilst you can sort of get those things working I no longer can afford the extra time to make it work Ubuntu just managed to auto install X on a chipset I could not get working manually, and so I am going to Linux land for my workstations. The contracts will require Linux and windows servers so Freebsd will run my in office DNS for now the network effects of things like dropbox skype and so on are having their effect. I have gone from feeling my OS choice is a secretweapon to a drain on time and effectiveness it's not a good feeling for diversity Anyone else? Thanks. I may be giving up too easily. I think I will upgrade to core i7 laptop and run virtualbox soon too. Well, Nokia's cultural competance is making mobile communication devices on a radio network. (They are still doing this well in Asia/Africa). But the mobile is now a PC. Microsoft's cultural competance according to the OP is helping businesses make more efficient use of PCs under their control. But mobiles are now consumer items out of control of businesses. So it does not bode well. But it does indicate Nokia / winphone should go after RIMs lunch and not chase Apple, so I think the framework for analysis suggested is pretty useful. I am in the process of trying this and it has become much less simple. Certainly for HSBC a remote account opening is considered "next to impossible" - it requires above branch level sponsorship from the bank which in practise means turnover 1m+. I am told US anti terror laws have made a big impact on opening non resident accounts in past few months I am hoping I can workaround the problems but my bank managers expectations are low - I may be visitin the states sooner than planned. So far the trouble has been - a flat out "no way." need to work around that, but I doubt it is going to be quick or cheap. Them's the breaks. Oh come on! No-one stands the remotest chance of getting viable amounts of rock down from space for another two generations. We don't have any mechanism to get the rocks down (a space anchor - not even remotely close to necessary material strength / weight ratio), let alone the ability to survive journeys to closest rocks. Give it 20 years of people living on the moon or Mars and solving the supply, radiation and working problems, then I will believe we might risk throwing a megatonne of iridium at Earth orbit. But great way for rich dreamers to hob nob with other rich dreamers. Enjoy it folks. Just don't invest. SpaceX is about commercialising an already-achieved process (ascending into Space and returning safely to Earth). We know we can do it - can we do it cheaper, or with different re-entry profiles? And to be honest, with the record of successful unmanned missions to Mars (running at what, about evens just to make it to the surface) I am not holding out hope. My best guess will be space-swarm -launch 500 independent solar powered motors, fling them at the general direction of a rock, and hope the 20 that attach can nudge it in side the moons orbit, where a later permanent colony can grab it. Smashing into the moon is less damaging. Hell, just bang it straight into the moon and pick up the pieces later on. Damn, from "it'll never work" to "why not try it this way guys" in less than an hour. Need to work on curmudgeonly. Still, even if it's on the moon, we cannot get it back to earth without the same risks. And picking it up from the moon, yeah we have guys just waiting around right now. Ah, back to curmudgeon - hello old friend:-) +1 to uWSGI and nginx. Now wsgi is built into nginx distribution, and uwsgi is gaining areputation for rock solid performance it's a nobrainer. Regarding virtualenv, I have come to the conclusion that Linux containers are robust enough now (like freebsd jails say two or three years ago) that I don't need to virtualise just python - I can afford to have the whole server as a "virtualenv" - no need for that extra complexity just install into site packages. No conflicts because a whole instance is dedicated. Jails take this to the limit - one virtual machine, one process - say Bind. A vulnerability in Bind ? The attacker takes over ... Nothing. Did anyone else think "no, they cannot really be releasing a car the drives itself already?" Just me then. I think it was the yes really that got me. Sadly, still no dropbox-alike for FreeBSD. Would swap in an instant. A late reply but I don't just want the python environment virtualised - if it's important enough that I should section off python, then there is a good chance I will want to consider the whole box as a single unit, python, firewall rules, database what ever. I tend to think the unit of abstraction should not be the python process, but the server. This is a little easier to grasp when you think of BSD jails where essentially you can choose to only run those processes that actually mTter - it's less virtualised and os than pick and mix an os. Apologies for late reply - I guess I am straightening it out in my head more than telling anyone else. So, now that this is out, what do the admins for these compromis-able systems do. Presumably RuggedCom has not got a patch out yet, so they just sit there? Not a good day. not so long ago botnets were used to blackmail sites into paying DDOS "protection". Ifyou knew enough to command a piece ofplant to exceed it's design parameters you could blackmail quite effectively. Stuxnet but for profit. What ! Russia landed a probe on the moon during Armstrong's moonwalk! Incredible. The moon, or Times Square? Who could tell. I believe that these errors are so common they represent a Cognitive bias on the part of programmers. At some point every developer wants to execute a one line command and have the system "do something". If they cannot get that one line, then they have two options. - Wrap up more abstraction code, until one line executes (the SOAP solution), or think deeply about what you are trying to do and take things away until one line is clear and obvious (The REST solution) Promise you will deliver the refactored code in a week, set out some metrics, ship it. The other devs will be happy someone improved the code. Like the guy said, it's better they ship what they want than not ship what you want Brilliant IMO That rather depends on who you pay and how convincing their invoices look. 20 folks on here could create a convincing Eco system of sub contractors and out sourcers - spend 20k on equipment and rest on salaries, you can spend most of yourdays on the yc startup subsidised by the game income or is that sounding like actual work? The most worrying part of all this is a growing sense, perhaps not even such a definite movement, that the US government / political class is no longer trustworthy with it's citizens taxes. Western governments are trapped by politcical stalemates and an underlying shift of economic power, and find they cannot / darent risk change in flawed fundamental policy no matter who is in power. no wonder many on HN support Apple in paying less tax, if you don't think the government will spend it wisely even of you vote for some other guy. So Ron Paul starts to look like a clear thinker But is there really an option. Can we expect to do away with vast amounts of government and find it works better? Because that is a one time experiment. So how are you calculating my (horribly low) score? I am guessing each accepted pull request counts ten, or something but I am interested in the algorithm. Like democracy, it's Pretty hard to game followers. Thank you. It has the ring of a deep truth. But, Michael Arrington == Casey Kasem. There is an interesting analogy. Not really. You write pacman as the lecturer tells you, the templates and direction (s)he gave you are not yours. After two weeks sweat, take what you have learnt and write a game using pygame, or a browser based seduction game using anonymous twitter accounts and pinterest images. Anything really. That's yours, the skills you have learnt are yours. Thank your lecturer publicly when you IPO That's It. I finally broke. I have been reading for going on two years about SOPA, PIPA, GCHQ snaffling everything in sight. And this is the straw that broke the camel's back. I have just ... written to my MP. Dammit. It will achieve nothing, but I am going to keep pushing. I know why they are doing this, but ... please please please, stop choking off industries that might just help us compete against the global behemoths down the road. This is a real attempt to go after a market that has been trying to exist for a while. Back in the late 90's i laughed at Salesforce pitch people coming in dragging two carry-ons on wheels - one for the laptop one for the projector. Now they can slip them into pockets. Its a real market, and the next step is I put down my phone as a projector, you control the projector from your phone. Well said, there is enough FUD around how to translate programming into engineering that adding some unknowable mystique to it will not help. How do you go about it, may I ask? I am close to exhausting my network and not seeing a breakthrough stream. May I ask if you registered for W-8BEN exception for the work in the US - and how much effort was getting the EIN / TIN? I am having fun with that right now The problem with this is viewable on freelancer.com and other sites. Once you can be sure a coder will do good work remotely, then you can get a coder to do some work from anywhere on the planet, and those who have a much lower cost of living will happily undercut those who dont. It may be the single biggest driver against the growth of cities. from vrmd.fabric.ubuntu.deploy import Deployment How do you differentiate builds on say redhat / BSD / windows as opposed to Ubuntu ? I would guess vrmd.fabric.fedora.deploy contains a lot of the same code except for pathname changes? Weird - I was totally blind to the top box - I ignored it because it was too banner like and kept scanning the results. Note to DDG - put the cool useful bit Under the place we all expect ads to be. Thank you. Today GIMP made my day because I discovered it reads xwd format so my screen capture is now as simple as I like it (xwd > ~/foo). Thank you dev team, it's worth it really. Cheers If your cats sit on your head at 5am to remind you to feed them, then if your auto-feeder thinks 5am is another hour off, your cats will not. they will howl and sit on your head, only now its 4am. Arbitrary change or not, at 4 am cat on face always wins I have one of those invisi-blogs too http://ciocookbook.com/philosophy/thecodeisthedesign.html Jack Reeves is the man here though - writing source code is designing the product. Before code can be written you need to take all the trade offs, the decisions and the research (or just make wild assumptions). Once you have source code, it has been designed. Which is why instead of sending out a 12 page form telling a client they need to think harder about something they don't understand, put out version 0.1, and ask them what they want changed. It's curious that his lineage dying out is an example of a very counter-intuitive theory - that the one person who is the common ancestor of everyone alive today lived as recently as the time of Christ. Basically very few people keep their genetic lines open for more than a few generations, those that do are ancestors of enormous numbers of us. http://tedlab.mit.edu/~dr/Papers/Rohde-MRCA-two.pdf It's curious that his lineage dying out is an example of a very counter-intuitive theory - that the one person who is the common ancestor of everyone alive today lived as recently as the time of Christ. Basically very few people keep their genetic lines open for more than a few generations, those that do are ancestors of enormous numbers of us. http://tedlab.mit.edu/~dr/Papers/Rohde-MRCA-two.pdf I remember Reading HN now had a million accounts (btw can anyone confirm?) if that's true then top story at the beginning of the US day could generate a lot of requests, and if the university has a plain cms that is updated once a week by the departmental secretary then it's pretty unlikely they have seen much traffic, ever. To be honest I would be interested if pg could publish what kind of click through rate the various links generate - could even be a counter next to the story. Its not supposed to be special to us all, just to jgc. If it gets voted up a lot, it's special to someone. Aha - I have found the tagline for the Facebook IPO ;-) From that story he sounds the total opposite of the OP's complaints. The pitch would have been, Hi I am a successful Sales exec with millions of dollars of yearly sales under my belt, I've hired 6 guys and am looking for a 7th to develop this new software I have an idea for, I have got x million in VC already and by the way once you are settled and running through the VC cash, I'm going to Cancun to recharge my batteries before coming back and selling the heck out of what you guys build. Hell, I would be very happy to get on the ground floor of that one. I signed up but ... >> Totally agree. Thats why every week the teams that don't ship will get filtered out. At the end only the best will remain. Ouch! That might take everyone out over 12 weeks. Some weeks, everything rolls over. Fairy nuff. See you online June 5. Graduate / research degrees are a university universities exist solely for the purpose of enabling professors to do further scientific research to do this they need: * a supply of intelligent grunts (phd candidates) * an administration capable of turning grant money into a well stocked lab and * a supply of very rich young people who will be taught the basics of science such that when the young rich people run the country they might get something right unfortunately we have forgotten that one genius well supported can provide value and economic growth for a whole planet (who invented steam engines, fire, wheels, transistors) - and million English graduates wont make up for it. I would be perfectly supportive of a university system that publically funded scientific (empirical, provable) courses, had industry funding for vocational work (engineering) and left arts to do what they have always done. But saying let's get rid of the lot? Nonsense. Actually we choose based on price for two simple reasons: 1. Thats pretty much all airlines (can/do) differentiate on. The mainframes running pretty much all the ticket/seat allocation worldwide are sooo old they only handle pricing. And no-one can fix them because everyone plugs into it. 2. Actually thats all we really do care about. (2, is less true. I am going to be taking my kids on a long flight soon. I would pay extra for an on board creche / nanny. But there is no way of putting that flag on any flight search so no point in offering it.) This is a perfect example of how technology encourages a flight to the bottom. You have US air. Why? Maybe they only use lemon scented paper napkins. You would like to search for flights that never use lemon scented paper napkins, but you cannot, so there is no way to tell if spending 100 dollars more will make you happy so why bother? And maybe its only worth 50 dollars to you not to get lemon scented ... The airlines have to try. Flight safety is expensive. I mean you can conceive of solutions: * Why does the luggage not get treated like container transport. Load up cages next to check in desks for the same destination. * Take back control over your booking. There is absolutely no need for any airline to not take bookings direct. Want to sell through your partners - fine but they come to your API/site to actually book it. Then everyone has real time info. Think that will drive your prices down? No, don't sell at loss making prices. I could go on. I am having a hell just trying to find somewhere nice and sunny to take 2 children. There is just so many options and so little information to trust. But this problems exists for every service - hair cutting, selling houses and airlines. One and only one URI is really selling an actual seat or an actual house or an actual chair with a hair dresser. So one and only one URI should publish what is available. And then aggregation and search is simple(ish) It seems to me that the next evolution of the search engine is to tell the people selling stuff that they don't need to do SEO, or marketing. They just need to use a standard micro data / format for whatever they are selling. A long time ago I worked for an ISP that gave 1MB of personal disk space free to everyone. We bumped to to 10 then 100 when we realised no one actually used it. This failure to put our own stuff online is the cause of huge problems - real estate agents, facebook, AOL, every walled garden, every agent, all stem from people and businesses not publishing their own needs. Must stop ranting now Sadly, some of this is just the way it will always be - "its cold and loud in my data center" gets you a coat and set of ear plugs, not an overhaul of the design of expensive real estate. However , the security issue is an enormous one. We designed and owned data centers back in the day, and physical security was modeled on network security. Once you were past the firewall, life was pretty open. Lockable cabinets - maybe. Actually locked? Not once the admin for that rack schlepped 2 hours at 3am to find he left the key in the office. And yet, I see things getting worse with cloud deployments. Great I am locking down my www as it talks to the MQ server, but they are both plugged into the same cisco switch that 10 other idiots are plugged into. Root one of those and you are a lot closer to sniffing my traffic. We just have to make the assumption for cloud deployments that our virtual box is in a sea of sharks. Actually having a shark open up the back and plug in a network sniffer is just one more worry. If you are right there are probably a hundred people on here able to provide a working MVP alongside you and do it faster, cleaner and pick up on solutions you cant possibly know yet. Be a domain expert. But learn to code anyway :-) >doesn't employ an army of electricians and plumbers. But the whole premise of software eating the world, is its sooo prevalent, its not like hiring air-conditioning workers, its like hiring literate workers. Writing code will be like writing essays at college and memos at work. The fact you know about HN, and have even asked the question is I suspect the answer you need. Yes, code something up. what is now decided - how you code it is a harder question. Start small, rent a box from rackspace (10 dollars a month) and put a simple django site up. Get comfortable with git. Just try. If you Show HN in a month, you might find someone interested to help. StackOverflow is your friend. Good luck. (Also see Ncombinator) Aren't there two issues here * how much (usually as a % GDP) should / does a govt take? * how does that tax burden get shared out the first is an issue of services provided by govt, but thesecond is an issue of fairness. If you want more services you need to pay. As a % of GDP the USA takes about 26-28 % whereas pretty much every other Western country is between 35 and 45%. My take on that is welfare costs. Full health and pension support for all the USA is going to be expensive, and will probably bring the US in line with Europe the issue now is fairness - but even taut is really about ability. The easy targets are the middle classes - they have money but rarely enough to take advantage of tax loopholes but if all the money is now held by the richest 2% then the richest 2 % will pay. The alterntive is no government we all live by the 1930s maxim - I rob banks because that's where the money is. If the richest people in society have the money, that's where the bank robbers / IRS will go. Fair has little to do with it Well, the Jacquard Loom ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacquard_loom ) was a massive weaving loom capable of producing highly sought-after intricate patterns in silk at impressive even-by-todays-standards speeds. It was one of the first programmable things of any kind, and its punch card approach inspired Babbage (who was a contemporary - yes this was programming, industrial style in 1815) Let me re-phrase that: Would you want your employees to hack the current process, because they morally disagree or are bored, or simply curious. Maybe not. But someone will. Welcome to Schumpter's law. To me the most convincing part is the bridge to nowhere. So, just build bridges to somewhere. Build what people want, and preferably, will pay for. Even if you build it in a bubble, its still a bridge, somewhere. Don't be silly. The right to marry (publicaly declare love and live as a family unit) is one that straight couples have and gay couples do not. Equal rights. Apparently, white births are now a minority in US: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-18100457 I could not see this as a submission on its own but it seems relevant here. As the US (white) population ages, it seems that immigration has played an incredible part without anyone noticing - its less about race now, then about age, but the dividing lines might not be drawn that way. And we all know what can go wrong if you are looking at the wrong question for your answers. [edit - wanted to emphasise age context more] Interesting that the tone of most comments is critical of the launch, the readiness, the lack of business sign up. But the comment from someone, abuela, whom I guess is slap in the middle of the target demographic (silver surer, family connected) is supportive and shows serious commitment I think the marketing message over the last three years may have passed the point where HN first views make a difference Something is evolving. It might be YC, and HN needs to keep up. Fascinating. Coupon codes, vounchers et al all have one simple aim - to segment the market into two different purchase price points. (there is a spolsky article on this somewhere) Anyway the point is there is extra effort in collecting codes, clipping the vouchers etc. If you get the voucher automatically added then there is no benefit whatsoever to the company, do it enough, the coupons go away. Who will collect the codes? Will you enter them into the plugin? So if you made it "social" then the plugin would feedback to saversrus.com where your account would say - saved 15$ today - your code uploads were used by 235 people and save them 3457$ I like it :-) > everyone knows the only way to make money out of flight search is to add hotel search. Errr, is this true? Then why do the flight search as the main thing. Recently I have been trying to find a holiday bolthole for my family. Find me the perfect holiday and I will accept a higher than usual flight - I just want to fidn a great hotel for two weeks not a nice flight for six hours Auto generate a coupon / QR code for everyone who likes you Then if any of their friends uses that coupon code (by flashing their iPhone at the till) then that original person gets ten points on their loyalty card I think frankly that a social graph is best employed using graphing friendly rewards - mostly that is the social dopamine thing in our brains, but affiliates also work In fact - is this being done? Looks great - good luck What I take from it is say "I don't know" more often. One can easily bullshit the first time through, but then there is no one to learn from, and you have to keep pretending you know something you don't. Yes personal experience A wise head on some young shoulders it seems is our Mr Shah. Good luck at whatever comes after Yammer :-) Linux containers are a fantastic development tool and ready for production prime time. BSD has long had really good jails and having implemented this now for (development) purposes for cnx.org I can recommend them. Isn't this the equivalent of buying an expensive frame for a cheap painting? We buy expensive TVs to look at because the stuff on the TV channel is just rubbish. "of course Simon Cowell's insights into modern pop industry are worth watching Pop Idols got American Talent for - I mean I paid more for that TV than my car..." I am not yet using lxc in production, although I have used BSD jails in production for some time I think their great use is because they are soooo sim ple to create a new "host" one is willing to use configurations of servers, develop onto clusters early and so find the problems early I would credit virtualisation with the rise of devops - seriously That is a great summation. Some interesting ideas, but I would rather see much more detail - the concepts are unarguable, the daily practises is in my experience so variable that different shops would be incompatible. Edit for clarity I don't think commercial spaceflight will easily "tolerate" manned failures. Maybe with lots of competitors in lots of different countries. But I did not realise the reusability cost structure quite so well as Elon's explanation - 200k on fuel, 60m on a one shot rocket. Before that I truly thought we had no hope before a space elevator. Call me a reluctant convert. Just use this as a counter to the "rising tide of crap" on HN. This has nothing to do with startups or technology, but it is a vital insight into our world, that makes us more aware of that world's terrible failings. I am glad HN is still a place I can come to read about web deployment best practises, and find my self lost in near weeping horror about the wars I did not try hard enough to stop. +1 from me and let's stop worrying we might be going downhill. Just push this uphill, Sisephyaen style. Front page of TED.com http://www.ted.com/talks/david_mackay_a_reality_check_on_ren... See 9:16. He arranges the power consumption of countries by per person per sq m. And renewables can sit on same scale, and his estimate for PV solar is about 20% of land mass of Germany needs to be covered. This is one of the many problems of the renewables debate - apples and oranges. The Germans have done an incredible and positive thing. Massively upped the feed into the electric grid from solar PV. And electrical consumption is where nuclear plants feed - so the two methods are direct competitors. But electrical consumption is only about 1/3 of goal energy budget of western countries, rest is evenly split between transport and heating and about 5% for everything else like rocket launches. So 50% of about 30% says that "Germany has 15% of it's total energy from renewables, will need to increase that by 7fold, give everyone an electric car and heating that uses electricity and not .... Yes it's a great step forward. But really, we are going to have to change our lifestyles beyond belief to meet even 80% energy use from renewables. Forget driving to supermarkets to pick up refrigerated milk and tomatoes flown in from Africa. Watch the talk - his book is very good too. I'm sorry I am not sure what you are saying here. It seems to be "this is far more likely to be a test engineers backdoor that was not on the spec" then a Chinese backdoor added at the fab" with no evidence either way, I am guessing that US intelligence (and others?) are loudly saying this is happening not because they can prove it in silicon but convincing human intelligence has told them I happen to think that the techniques developed to analysis silicon are going to be useful all round, and that a backdoor in a chip does not make a successful cyber attack in the wild, but if these are real in-the-fab additions then the implications are so large we should be prepared to not label this "it's just a test component" and look at ideas like validating silicon (noted somewherre else below) This thread is the second reason why HN still outclasses everyone else. I have just got a better perspective on the Euro crisis than all the newspapers and tv of recent weeks. I never knew the debt delegation issue had been happening. I would like to know how we can see the total level of debt for each country. If we can find a reliable source let's put it on wikipedia :-) Sorry, the NSA has it's own billion dollar fab soitcan build copyrighted Intel clones? I simply don't get it? * what happens when Intel release the nextgenration of chips? Apparently Intel needs to rebuild a while new fab plant at x billion - does the NSA? * do they trust the designs made by Intel? If not what do they do ? If Intel is introducing backdoors for the NSA what guarantee is tere those backdoors won't get used y someone else? * if they do trustthe design but don't trust the fab process surely it is better to put armed guard in the fab room or similar checks * and this is only for one generation of one class of chip. Do this for the chips in the CCTV cameras and the door locks and the ... Yes, there are offline meetings of this group at every bar closest to the office, Thursdays and Fridays. Real pain can be found there Tuesday evenings sadly none of the participants are likely to collate their pain on a website for you unless doing so directly helps. Then again if desperate for ideas it probably would not hurt to visit that bar and ask. IRS is unlikely to accept the bar tab as legitimate business expenses. But then again the comment on Reading a companies complaints list is interesting - find the customer service mnager at big Corp and ask them ? Hmm, might actually try that :-) I think the point is (certainly its my view) that I want customers who have their brain in - certainly for the first few iterations. If its a no brainer at 30 and a difficulty at 500, clearly I am not fixing something really painful I'll take your 30 when the product is just rolling along. Sign up here for the beta-2 release :-) Yes, always :-) You are a talented, experienced developer, whose work provides value to the company. That value is reflected in your costs. If you are valuable, then you are valuable even if only contracted for an hour. Then its up to the client to ask for more hours. If you are not valuable, you are not valuable even for an hour. This does fall over a little if there are specific projects / actions the client wants - which is why automating the last contract so it becomes a simple function call for the next is always a good idea. The difficulty here is that NL has a strong oversight on wiretapping - so whereas in the UK, a single wiretap warrant can get other phone numbers on as riders (usually one cop doing a favour for another cop), which makes the UK numbers look smaller, the NL is more open and so has larger looking wiretaps. The letter to his dead wife is deeply touching, and the last sentence made me laugh and cry. It seems important to note that those of great acheivement still feel normal human emotions, and those who aspire to great acheivement should not try to avoid feeling normal human emotions - lest they become, well the president of Syria. Thank you danso. maybe - I have taken the time to build a graphite/stasd setup. It is over engineered for now, but it grows and is really easy to add in new metrics. (there is even a fab file to install on ubuntu buried in github/lifeisstillgood/frozone) but, you are right - a dashboard that measures how the site is going is useful. One that measures cashflow, email conversion rates and more is more useful. Linking those into graphite is not a good idea. A more traditional data collection is needed. Graphite/carbon/whisper is a rrd like tool - you give it a number of ticks labelled with a certain metric (facebook.photo.upload) and it counts the incoming ones over a fixed period, averages them, stores the average and goes on and on. Then it draws you a graph over those periods this is great for "what is normal" and "something has changed over past 5 mins, 5 days, 5 weeks" some things you want on your dashboard are absolutes that don't vary well with time (cash on hand/ assets vs liabilities) also the whisper database is awkward to query if you are not aggregating - so you cannot store which customers actually responded to which email campaign - that needs a real RDBMS So it's really good for watching stuff over time - like you used to use tail -f for. But other stuff needs to be captured robustly and then maybe time graphed tl dr Some things are trends - you want to know easily and quickly which ones are going up, and when the trend goes haywire. Use graphite et al. other things are "action this day" - trend or not you need the email addresses of all users on the blue campaign. Using UDP you lose a not insignificant number as well In the UK the govt wants to implement a report commissioned from a hedge fund friend of the PMs - one of the key "political" recommendations was to introduce no fault firing - making firing staff ridiculously easy because that is obviously want is wrong with UK PLC. The elephant in the room is that if you have hired large numbers of crap staff and you can't get rid of them because it will cost too much or they will all sue, then clearly your past hiring practises were wrong. It's interesting how we still run to the government to solve our own past mistakes. Bit late but ... There is a meme that great scientists, all great achievers, are somewhat other, not normal, aloof unfeeling cold calculating machines. That's how they do it. The story of the stopped clock could be used to bolster that fallacy The letter clearly, lucidly, funnily, and touchingly blows apart any concept that Feynmann was cold unfeeling or somehow other. Just seemed important to note that great achievement is not incompatible with great passion and humanity. C.f. The president of Syria for how MIT to do it. I think we are seeing a transitional period. There has long been talk of portfolio careers and companies of one. We are heading that way (not everyone but a significant proportion of people will be self employed at least at some point in their lives) (tldw too long didn't write it all) Summary - businesses need to realise the best and brightest can literally work for themselves and will probably want to do so outside of 40hrs a week So re arranging work practises to accommodate Practical advice Try setting up a shingle for "front end js development" - folks looking for a project are more likely to accept different timescales If you can do this across my different devices and make it searchable like oh last week, that sire about you know err umm. I really want this I've just worked it out. Years ago I went to one of my first programming conferences , sat in the same room as GvR and Stroustrop and had one of those what am I doing here moments. But it was an amazing revelation - hundreds of people way smarter than me all of whom chatting where the side conversations and corridor chats are always more interesting and informed than the set talks HN is just like the corridor outside the worlds biggest tech conference. The door bangs open and someone is talking about space and suddenly you realise there are actual rocket scie fists standing in ear shot. I used to want to write scintillating blog posts and bump my karma score. But that happens in the main hall. Not in the corridors and I think I am happier here, like a young guy open mouthed that brilliant people actually like explaining stuff and it's beginning to make some sense... TBL hits the nail on the head again CORS is a massive and crippling restriction and needs to be overcome. Signing packaged js apps is one method perhaps - but whatever we do we need to over ome the app store gatekeeper somehow. The Articles argument seems to be that FB got 10x revenues and if new startups got just half that it would be great sadly that's a common fallacy on any business plan - the Market is x million and we could get 10% of that then ... So what's a better argument? There is an episode of Top Gear where Clarkson shows off his newly purchased Ford Blow-job (or something). And the other presenters move in for the kill. Clarkson clearly knew what was coming ... - How many miles per gallon do you get? - Errr.. - Is it 4 miles per gallon? - And how big is the tank? - Errr - Only enough room for 19 gallons? - Err, yes. - So thats 76 miles on one tank? - Err Yes - And how far away from the office do you live? - Err, 77 miles. Yes, Clarkson was willing to buy a car that would need refilling every time he drove to or from the office. Seriously, do not worry about "only 300 miles and I will need to charge it". People will buy it, and then go look for a plug in station. Literally kill you? I get the feeling we can judge the amount and timeline of investment by Western governments from these releases. Like any other new capability /weapon these things will be used when they are ready (No president is likely to wait and see if bombing Iran works first) So 2006 Bush gives the nod to ramp up the program, 2010 and stuxnet gets into the wild. Four years of development by serious people. The md5 attack was made known in 2009 and now three years later a similar attack. We have reports of viable hardware attacks and fab-based alterations. So 2015 - the year a secure server gives up it's secrets via hardware ? This turned into a rant - possibly a rant with no informed opinions. Apologies in advance. I think we can look at our vulnerabilities in three levels - open windows Backdoors left in as factory defaults, connecting 20 year old systems to Internet by slapping on an NIC. These are the blue collar computer systems running trains and factories. Replacing their systems with (OpenBSD) must be a major national priority. It will cost a fortune, and the foolish thing is to imagine we should replace like for like functionality. As someone above noted, the md5 encryption was used to maintain backwards capability with a system uneconomic to upgrade. As a society we either make that an unacceptable deal or we turn off the lights now This will disrupt a lot of industries. In both senses of the word. - best practises - The cloud and competitive contracting will take care of things like not upgrading your OS for ten years. Thats doing what you already do but better. The killer practises will be the ones we don't do at all. Almost no-one sends me PGP signed or encrypted email. And even if they did I have no web of trust that links them back to me. Let's see Facebook or LinkedIns social graph become a layered web of trust. Then tripwire can tell me that the server I am giving my credit card has binaries that were signed by a sysadmin who is linked to three guys I know and the binary hashed match those signed by shuttle worth. In real time. And I am just making that up. But it is feasible. Defense in Transparency - why can't I know what binaries a server is running, who put them there and when? I can look at the locks on doors, see the quality of the mortar in the brickwork. Why can't I ask a system to tell me how secure it is and expect to get a audit able answer. I think I am ranting. But I know we cannot trust industry certification or peer pressure. We need to get to a point where when there is no lock on a door it is clear for everyone to see, and everyone expects to see locked doors. These days being hacked is just a matter of time for say a winxp sp1/2. The environment is becoming flooded with oxygen and we need to evovle cellular Walls. The problem with cost benefit analysis is that it makes one core assumption. That tomorrow will be substantively like today. I don't believe in black swans but I do believe in climate change Just as a thought experiment, do you think Mary Zuckerberg, the 28 year old founder of Facebook whose casual jeans and hoodie so outrages the investment community would be an ideal role model for entrepreneurs in Hacker News? If Mark were Mary, do you think the trajectory of FB would have been the same? If so, why? If not why not. It's just one way to try and see our own filters. But anyway the premise seems to be that success is bestowed upon you from on high, and if on high is mildly and subcociously sexist they don't do it so well. I fear the real world has a lot more factors involved than patronage from senior management. No, if the person who founded Facebook had been a female graduate from the Ivy League, do you think that Facebooks history to date would have been the same. The temptation (mine anyway) is to say yes, and prove what a well balanced fellow I am. But I ask further down if you say yes, why yes? I noticed that the real Mark got married and I did not even know he had a relationship. But I swear if Mary Zuckerberg, billionairess, famous Internet entrprenuer had been engaged the whole world would know his face, shoe size and that famous Oprah interview ... So the media would have been different for sure. Would that have mattered? Just questions to get at our own filters Isn't it likely that is the only order that CEO ever made personally? And he happened to catch Cindy on good day? My only takeaway from this is if you want orders to be taken from CEOs by pleasent happy people, hire pleasant, happy people to work for you. Is that what you meant? Thank you. Now the world would be a fairer place if 10.50 an hour could be supplemented with x% of 300,000 I am fairly sure that the first oReilly python book had several chapters devoted to COM and excel/word. I know I wrote articles on it, got a job based on scripting PowerPoint. Almost every dynamic scripting language I can think of has COM automation ( or whatever it is called these days) using IronPython to access COM components seems another unnecessary layer. And in my experience what is useful is calling from excel to python and then using vba to manipulate it. (VBA inside excel is fine. Might I suggest that if you are Reading this and thinking "great, anoter way I can program exclusively in Pythin everywhere" you have fallen victim to the yet to be named syndrome and should forcibly use any other language. I still get relapses Are you sure this was not written by Angela Merkel? Germany is desperate not to have the euro / union explode, and is basically saying if you want any more cash then there is proper fiscal union (ie everyone follow Germany's industrial and fiscal models.) This will screw most of Southern Europe who don't manufacture anything, so cannot export anything that is not subsidised under CAP. So the Germans will only pay up if the whole of Europe agrees to tighter fiscal controls. And you don't agree to tighter fiscal controls, we just walk away. Didn't you see the positive reaction to those articles we planted :-) However the Spanish government followed the fiscal rules. It was their banks (with political connivance) that massively over reached. I think fiscal union is the only solution Europe has. But it will also need to reign in banks otherwise another Spain will occur. Presumably a combination of never trading privately (ie only over public exchanges where markets can assess the deals) and never being allowed to exceed certain crash levels (again guaranteed through the derivative markets). Oh and never letting the Greek government lie about its borrowing levels. Just like every other government in Europe has in one way or another. (The UK government uses PFI - they ask private finance to build a hospital and they rent the hosiptal grounds for 30 years. Never mind it is always cheaper in the long run to build your own, is that private debt? Yes according to UK government. But they will never ever stop paying the rent. Or let a hospital provider go bust.) Its only becoming clear to me how much debt is an addiction to banks. As every banker knows, debt is an asset. The bubble said everyones houses were worth 20 gazillion dollars. One person is persuaded to sell thier house for 10 million dollars, another borrows 10 m to buy it. The seller is very happy, The borrower is obligied to repay and the bank borrowed 8 m in someone elses cash and invented theremaining 2. Is there an economist who could tell me what that 2 m that gets created by bank lending actually does to inflation ? http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Money_creation the figures I quoted are just examples, but money creation trhu bank lending is real, and I just wonder if derivatives / banking crisis is enabling less or more of it outside the traditional measures. It was a thought without much supportive thinking But debt is an asset to everyone but the debtor. It is likely that such assassinations are against both International Law (Geneva Conventions) and US law. Carter, Ford and Reagan all prohibited them through executive orders. Even if you think that knocking off some Hamas leaders is a good idea, you will experience scope creep - last year a (sort of) influential policy advisor suggested using drones against Julian Assange. Honestly, "we" (the West) are best armed, best funded, most free peoples ever to walk the earth. If we cannot put aside assassination and torture, then the human race has no hope. Here for an interesting review of legality of such assassinations: http://www.kentlaw.edu/perritt/courses/seminar/jerry-bekkerm... Assange / assassination http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Flanagan_%28political_scien... edit: for clarity, before I become flamed as a woolly left winger, I think that there are many people in the world, that if they were hit by lightning today, the world would be much better off. but a) I think the world is nett worse off if democracies 'arrange' that lightning, because it demeans the important point of a democracy - being a beacon of hope for the future generations. b) the choice of targets, is not discussed in a democratic manner, and almost certainly would not be my choice. (Now thats a referendum I would love to see:-) c) my guess is that, like crime, taking out the people committing the crime right now, magically someone else steps into their place. Sometimes someone who yesterday was not committing those crimes. Hmm, still pretty left wing there... down modding stuff is fine, giving reasoned comments is fantastic. lynch mob - no, but I was struck with concern and amusement by the idea of a quarterly referendum on which world figures we should target for assassination, plus maybe a limit of civilian children whose collateral death would be acceptable in the voting list. In fact its the opposite of a lynch mob. A lynch democracy perhaps. don't quite understand the non-sequiteur part... could you expand? Iirr sky had a torrent client in it's pc 'app' for a while. I wonder how much more effective having a signed torrent file spread around your subscribers is compared to a really good cdn? Does anyone have any figures? (by signed torrents I mean netflix gpg signs each chunk and so you can be assured the quality is top notch they can be fairly sure you get charged etc etc) nslookup Non-authoritative answer: Name: ac Address: 193.223.78.210 then again my upstream provider defaults to opendns.com so http://ac in the browser does not work. You had me at "Hello." I assumed something like this was buried in the depths of 240+ comments, thanks for raising it up. Want a mailing list? Putting together something on mailchimp now. moderation. this is something pg understands well and is also the foundation of hacker news. This maybe a silly question but is HN moderated in the officially sanctioned sense? I have been here years and not noticed anything other than peer pressure. I would like to know if I am missing something obvious like meta.news In the UK the banks have instituted Direct Debit, where the gas company gets me to agree electronically and then they submit a request to my bank monthly for a variable amount -it works smoothly and pretty much every business uses it for recurring charges. It's ubiquitous. No idea why the us banks have never done it. You might want to look at why. Do you know how the moderation actually works? I beleive much is auto-modded - I am seeing dead links but no reasons for them. It would be nice to know. (Google bot not telling me either) Thank you. Kind of assumed we were all nice people. Anyone know if the mods are employed/ appointed / community members? Presumably a combination. Just interested, mostly I suspect because stack overflow elections are on us and they are ultra upfront about it. Whatever, it seems to be working. Thank you. Kind of assumed we were all nice people. Anyone know if the mods are employed/ appointed / community members? Presumably a combination. Just interested, mostly I suspect because stack overflow elections are on us and they are ultra upfront about it. Whatever, it seems to be working. Recently I saw a post that quoted Derive your self-worth from the process not the output. The first you control, code quality, integrity, professional communication with team mates etc. The second is not entirely within your control and should not lead to anxiety. Anyway, I would want to hire someone like that - more intrinsically motivated, than someone who is focused on building Facebook for dogs for an IPO. I would pay good money, but not expect commitment to the mission, just commitment to intrinsically good code and practises. That's my take Ok, so let's enumerate those concepts, stick 'em up as a guide for future generations (probably a good idea to work out what they are ourselves) 1. Code is data, data is code Implications: everything should be a first class citizen of the language, able to be passed by reference, altered by functions elsewhere. Examples: s-expression in lisp? Subclassing built-in types of oo language (python new style objects) 2. Configs are applied to code, so that the same code can run unchanged on dev beta and live. (this is my favourite reinvented wheel du jour - devops. In fact the whole 12factor app recently on HN is a great example of rediscovered wheels - or perhaps more fairly a great example of doing this guide to future generations too) 3. iPads are no way to type into unresizeable text boxes ... Edits coming when I get a keyboard Partly - the specific ones all seem NOAA originated, which iirr is the American oceanographer group. They along with Navy proper have very vested interests in identifing unusual ocean sounds. But just as you can find parrots that say good morning, given enough fish swimming past enough deep seamicrophones, eventually one ofthem will sound like they are whistling a braoadway tune sorry folks, fun, creepy but in the end self selecting and probably in the strange things happen on the planet category. I do hate it when someone on the Internet thinks I am a troll. Firstly, yes I am sure I should have phrased my position better. So lets try that - If you listen to hundreds of hydrophones over hundreds of hours, and hear only a handful of unexplained sounds, and promote only half a dozen, it is unlikely what you promote is of scientific interest. It may be interesting but not of interest. And thats it. NOAA has done no more then say some of its findings it cannot explain ... and then self-selected a few that sound a bit weird. This does not make them important, relevant, repeatable, or admitting of no explanation whatsoever. Just not explained now. And later they could explain some (Upsweep being a volcano that was thought extinct) And 'we' then anthropomorphize. Can we hear the word Julia? No we cannot. (go listen to the TED talk below - last 3 minutes) I recognise there are many things in a deep ocean we have not seen or discovered (I liked Bill Brysons analogy that we had explored the Oceans depths as if we explored Central Park using 5 guys on tractors, at night with torches). But weird sounds that you have to squint at to find meaning in. Squarely in the Skeptical category of for me publication bias and anchoring. I am unclear what is a mathematical wave property, but I am clear that it is reasonable to use fish singing broadway melodies as a stand-in for unusual events underneath the ocean waves. I was not suggesting that to be a literal explanation. (Even though it would be a good one to hear) Oceanographer comment: (NOAA- Yes, Oceanographers - measuring and mapping the ocean - with 3bn of their 5bn budget aimed at satellites, weather monitoring and plain old research, I am happy to categorise them as Oceanographers. Yes they do other important stuff too. But mostly they monitor the water/air co-systems on the planet. links: http://www.whaletrust.org/whales/whale_song.shtml http://www.noaa.gov/budget/ http://asia.cnn.com/2002/TECH/science/06/13/bloop/index.html RIght -waaaay too long on a rebuttal that frankly is not detailed enough and will get flamed if anyone bothers reading it. Work now. I was CIO for PIRC.co.uk for some years and this is a fascinating topic, and I wish I had more time for this. I assume you are using Banzhaf Indexes (If I spelt that right!) to determine the "swing vote" power. I have long thought there is potential for individual investors in say pension funds to be allowed to vote their 'beneficial' (#) holding their way - so the controversial measures start to become more democratic. One day I will persuade a pension fund to try this, but that might just play havoc with your analysis :-) Out of interest, how much of say the Dow have shareholders that hold 'disproportionate' power ? _ say 10% more influence than their vote count would suggest? Good luck ! (#) I don't think the term I mean exists. edit: * -> # to avoid italics I think that is the right answer - a dysfunctional organisation is the justification for PMs and BAs if the film crew \ theory x idea is right then an org aisation that is becoming dysfunctional hires more PMs I suspect that they are symptom initially and then cause. Reading the story, and the comments, there seems to be a disconnect between why the kids were delighted - it is not that they are delighted about Linux or XMonad. Or that they are learning valuable life skills. They are delighted to be spending time with dad . Doing something fun, that dad seems engaged in. As a dad, too much time seems to go on the mundane or the boring. Raising up the enthusiasm level, is a marvellous thing for dads and kids. It does not matter if that is installing Linux, writing blog posts, foraging for mushrooms, bird-watching or football. Plus one for spending quality time with the kids. what we actually do it seems is less important than doing it. Enjoy Edit: clarity Handy Manny is a household favourite :-) I consider myself very lucky to work only ten minutes from our house. Its taken some time to get to that stage, and it has proven the whole work/life balance thing for me - finally. If possible I recommend it. I had always assumed I would introduce computers when they started reading and writing but you are giving me some food for thought - thank you. Occasionally I wonder if there should be an alternative syllabus - activities at home to complement the stages of a child's development and if such a thing exists - anyone know? Good luck with the typewriter :-) China is investing in Linux for one simple reason - they can have someone read the source code. A (low-level?) war is going on right now between US and China - and the battlefield are the hardware and software that runs the world. Can't read the code - then we don't trust that you aren't spying on us. Unfortunately I doubt they will extend the same rights to their citizens. On the Nvidia side, this is either the dumbest commercial move ever,(#) or they really do have quite a lot to hide in that code. (#) Really I cannot imagine anyone turning down an order on 10 M PCs. Whats in that code base? Edit: @virdah - thank you for pointing out the should-have-been obvious. Can I just ask a question we produce money as a form of IOU against the future production of the economy, (apples). This debt is really an increase in the money supply each year the government borrows some more - increasing the supply by hopefully an accurate guess of future production if it's a bridge I get it. Gov borrows 1 bn, builds a bridge, there is a new billion dollars worth of value in the economy but apples? If I eat an apple and throw away the core do we then have to reduce the money supply by the price of an apple? When and how is this done? I can see some of the value of the IOU I used to buy the apple hanging around in forms of greengrocer shops, farm worker jobs etc. But some of it really is now, gone maybe I should have listened more carefully in economics lectures. My take is that for the vast majority of applications the network excess is more than compensated for in style, simicity and predictability I like how REST fits my brain and yes that is a rip off of an old Python slogan I would also add that iirr 202 header Location returns can themselves be pointers not to the new resource but to a redirect to a new resource. This enables you to create asynchronously and use a URL scheme that depends on full knowledge ofthe resource. Edit - seems I answered a question that got deleted in the meantime. Weird. Did not seems that bad a question. My take is that for the vast majority of applications the network excess is more than compensated for in style, simicity and predictability I like how REST fits my brain and yes that is a rip off of an old Python slogan returning the resource on every POST / PUT would only be correct in a subset of use cases anyway. If you POST a wall of text to a forum why would you want it back? add to that you may create more than one resource (how many do you return?) Two answers 1. If you are young free and single, hell yes. Having no life commitments is not something every young person finds, and much rarer as you start to go grey. So take the opportunity now if your life fits well. (I am reminded of a poem to the poets younger self, about running barefoot more often, sleeping around more. Those I leave up to you ) 2. The whole career stability thing - there was a recent post about recruitment agencies and another on the non-existent skills gap. In short large companies used to hire right out of school, mentor, train and churn out well rounded professionals. They stopped doing that. A start up is the most likely place to get ten years corporate experience in 2. Maybe. Whi h leads to 3. 3. It totally depends on the start up itself. Gut feel is the best I can suggest. But if you life circumstances can support it, take a flyer and join one. Worst case you are looking again in 6 months but with some intensive experience under your belt. The best comment was something like Think of it not as a startup but an experiment. So much of our self worth gets rolled up in this great idea that if it is attacked, criticised or does not take off we feel personal failure. Putting up a once-removed buffer is likely to make that first step easier for many more people than the traditional entrepreneur mindset. Henley school of business claims to be able to identify the personality type that will succeed as an entrepreneur. I think what we are seeing the lean startup movement might send them back to the drawing board. That depends if the USA was foolish enough to sign such and agreement with Iran. Extraditions are basically quid pro quo contracts between nations. We signed a doozy. The UK signed an extradition agreement a few years back, basically saying we (UK) will allow the US to extradite for crimes that are only crimes in the USA. And we get no reciprocity. Oh, and we need to prove your murders committed crimes to a much higher standard of proof than the other way round. It is a controversial measure - to be honest more controverisal for the 'just what photos of the prime minster and cabinet did the CIA really have?' as opposed to any shock that the UK government failed once again to stand up for itself. No, not bitter. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extradition_Act_2003 But Hollywood stars sit on set 12 hours a day, for a 16 week shoot, as does the rest of the crew. If they only did 15 hours a week the film would not get made. I would be interested In knowing what gigs you do take on and how the code integrates with the work being done elsewhere if you are doing maintenace and bug fixes on a codebase you know I can see how it would work. My apologies if this seems overly aggressive I am just interested in how this could work - we could alll fit in 10 hours a week for beer tokens My question and same to @bartonfink is still what is the work? If I am say design and build a rest backend for a company, and its say two months work at 45 hrs a week, doing 15 hrs a week telling them it will take six months cos I have other clients is a sure way not to get the gig So I amwondering what the actual meat of the work you do is? How did you land the work - is it maintenance from past fulltime gigs, is it real consulting where you are training g the in house teams, I am honestly interested because I am at a bit of a loss as to how to get such gigs myself thank you Thank you good points on the communications side - something I can easily let slide So, my kids will grow up to be what they will be, almost despite my parenting I don't know whether to be relieved or shocked :-) I still am unconvinced that 137 twins are a convincing Trial size when epidemiologists usually think in millions. I can do naught but +1 such a statement :-) I know this question has been asked a million times since 2008, but is there really no way to remove banks and insurers from the 'too big to fail' category? Given that they abuse the Lidor to their own profit, take billions in 'virtual subsidy' from the implicit protection of taxpayers, surely there are means to reduce the risk they apply to all of us Can people tell me how naive I am being with some of the below ideas. Where is the list of actually well thought out ideas? : 1. Create global chapter 11 provisions and let them fail 2. Work out some way that chapter 11's wont snowball 3. create a single inter-operable modelling language so that trades are analysed in real time, and force all trades to be public. At least we know how bad it will be this time. 4. err - unicorns? Fairies? (Honestly, I am asking serious questions. Otherwise its down to the nearest Occupy! rally for me) Edit: can't do lists, removed the splenetic Really? They scare the government, certainly. But that's because we don't reallyknow how deep the debt goes. But control? No more than music film arms and all the other big loosely organised industries. See earlier comment about naive Ok it's not as crazy as it sounds. Keep it simple. Enter "Martin Luther king" Into Google. Based on page rank KKK page on king does not rank number one. Because Google choose a specific algorithm which means most reputable people on the Internet don't link to KKK.org But they could have chosen a different algorithm to select the results. they chose not to select the one that puts KKK first. So if google has a controlling mind or an editorial policy should have protection of speech. Alternatively they are just reflecting with no editorialising at all the Internet of links. They are simply a machine. But if so then what right do they have to keep page rank secret - to prove they have no editorial control. This does deserve a bit more thought. Mobile is not a single view / Market / technology The post sort of implies smartphone == mobile, but with African mobiles being used to transfer scrip, Indian phones already having good SMS based payment models, there are multiple models, markets and a lot of cultural sensitivities The one preditiom I can make is there will be no more global phenomenon - one website taking off everywhere. Even just tacking on a new tld will not fix the local differences that mobile adoption is bringing Basically people adopted themselves to the web cos it was so useful and new. But mobile phones get adapted to people. May I suggest never taking daily mail as source for anything uk related. http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/2012/jun/29/higgs-boson-ru... For a actual science journalist writing, try the guardian (basically ben gold acre shamed them into at least trying harder) Seems it is likely to be yes we are now 5 9's certain it exists. I don't think the current level of abuse and hypocrisy is greater than in the past hundred years. The us has always preached freedom and democracy while conducting secret wars, openly supporting utterly horrific dictatorships etc etc I remain to be convinced it is a lot worse than previously, and most of the world still tends to believe Churchill's maxim - democracy is the worst form of government, apart from all the others Tl dr - keep insisting on an end to torture sure, but don't say it was better in the old days. tl;dr Feedback is the breakfast of champions give your child breakfast each day not each term Because we signed a treaty with the US that lets them do it to us, but does not let us do it to them. When the US signs a treaty that lets us extradite KKK members we can start your policy. I suspect Mexico will have invaded California before then. I have found that using (F)SM to model a REST API makes everything a lot easier. (It is after all state transfer ) So, yes, I would agree - most things we want to do with most web interactions are little more than state machine changes. I would be interested in how the routing/FSM work might pan out. Can anyone explain how it actually works? I am guessing you give vodafone 10 dollars, they give you a txt with a random code anyone with that random code and your number can request the 10 dollars to come off your account and onto theirs but ... What is the strength of the code ? What is the security around the transmission to your phone? It sounds bruce schneir might no like it This is a very good point - because the costs of trusting the wrong person are so high (Jail, them stealing your money) then the most important thing for criminals is a solid understanding of the background of the other person. This is why families and old school friends frequently figure together. And why jail makes for furure partners. Perhaps we should start oldjailbuddy.com - networking for criminals Take a long weekend, go get drunk, walk along a beach, climb a hill. Don't touch a laptop or a iphone till Monday. On monday, walk into the room with all your team, and brainstorm. They will have ideas. You will have ideas. Some you might like. By Lunchtime Monday, choose one and run with it. Get the 'enter your email' site up by Monday 9pm, and post a link here. Here is one for free. : Dealer app. You 'throw' yout iphone in a mechanics grip like you are really dealing cards. THe card flicks out of the iphone display and 'lands' on the display of the other iphone sitting on the table across from you. Repeat to the phone on his left etc. Sell the engine to poker sites. That idea is feasible, but its probably not right for you. But the main thing is get your of your head, you are probably a little burnt out. Get any idea that excites you and release something - you need the endorphins. Ok, Eric Schmidt arrives and asks a super-smart question, about what makes this start up special. The guy fluffs it, giving some pedestrian generic answer - then 15 mins later realises the real, best answer to Eric. he does not chase after Schmidt down the hall, instead he writes this post. Ok, I have got this far, you are a cool startup, Eric Schmidt is an investor and you just dropped the ball. So hit me now with it - I really want to read the next paragraph - tell me what you wish you had said to Eric Schmidt. >>> but I won't write that here, instead let me talk about Nooooo! Write it. You built up to it. It's your secret sauce. It's what everyone here wants to know about. Please please please rewrite the damn post with your great insight. I don't want more generic obvious analysis of how great dropbox and google are This was your undo blog post, the one after fluffing it in front of Schmidt. Speak with your voice - tell me what is deep in your startups soul, I want to know and I promise I am not going to copy you Give me an honest voice. My favourite London based pricing quote was on the pub just leading out of Carnaby Street for years. Buy one pint for the price of two, and we'll give a second pint absolutely free ! Loved it for years. Never went in. We are wusses and whiners. And I often want to live on that line I can see over there. Enjoy your pc filter coming back online soon Sorry - progressive consumption tax - the more you spend the greater the % of sales tax? So buying a toy boat hits me for 8% but a 200ft yacht gets 80% added on. Surely, that will really really encourage tax jurisdiction shopping I still prefer focusing taxation on companies - if you want to base yourself in cayman islands that great. You just can never ever do business in any of these western countries... The impressive thing there is keeping and growing the wealth for a thousand years. Quite literally the family of William the conqueror did not do that so this family really pulled a trick Even to a patent layperson like me, the outline of a solution is visible - this is a Mexican standoff that benefits no-one (look at the goodwill drain Apple is experiencing). If the ITU can give the major players an excuse to stand down, and voluntarily withdraw/ forego court action, with some guarantees of a common legal framework being put in place in major countries, then we could see an end. But really the chances of that are similar to the chances of nuclear arms reduction, and that has some notable downsides. On the other hand this is just one more exmple of how we need common international legal frameworks - from the EU to extradition to parent law, international arbitrage is causing pain - it does tend to point to a world that has fewer nations with fewer differences in law. Imagine a slightly sweaty central banker dancing on stage: Transparency, transparency transparency, transparency ... So much of the problems since 2008 arise because it was not known what others were borrowing or lending or from whom at what price. The LIBOr rate is set by asking not what rates do you borrow at, but what rate would you like to borrow at! Sorry folks, commercial confidentiality is a fig leaf too far now. Publish and be damned. But if we knew what they were actually borrowing at 1. LIBOR would be accurate and not open to manipulation 2. 3. if a bank is weak it should find it harder to borrow. Feedback cycles can be beneficial, plus this sounds a lot like the old "the ratings agencies told me this sub prime mortgage was actually AAA". - if you are investing billions, do your own damn research. And your own damn research is a lot easier in a transparent market. In the end I think the global finance industry is a threat as well as a benefit. We are happy to demand access to politicians finances, because it is their character that matters so much, a situation very similar to banks it seems. You sound like a man who has found his centre - even if you still Want to go find it somewhere else. I, and many others here appreciate the honesty, and I certainly feel the same way on a daily basis. I wish you good luck with the business, but much much better luck with your family. I think it's like writing comedy - you write for things that make you laugh, and hope others have the same sense of humour. Mostly that means your projects will appealmto people with the same tastes as you. Produce more, just means you get more practise. Can you name names? Specifically the publically traded one ? We have allowed markets to evolve in ways that make supervision of markets almost impossible. This reminds me of the big monolithic app vs small services debate. A some point an app becomes harder and harder to break out Into testable pieces, becomes Interdependant and complex but is there a genuine tournament-style approach to promotion and rewards. For example - if she does work like a demon for 10 years, gets the promotions, will she be in tenure, exceptionally well paid etc. If so it may be a rational decision. I would be really interested in what you think Lithuania's politicians did right and Greece's did wrong? It would be very useful to see the diff Thats my experience as well - I rarely use a debugger, but when I do I cannot imagine any other way of finding out what is going on. The hardest obstacle to not being "lazy" is deadlines Is it lazy to accept something that works, and meet the deadline? Is it OK as a craftsman to miss your deadlines, because you want to know why something works? These decisions are like a craft in themselves - sometimes we can just trust a library works. Sometimes, we need to understand more. And sometimes we need to re-negotiate deadlines. And sometimes we lose clients. At big companies - they are seen as employees it is easy to fire. They wont ever say that to the tax authorities (IR35 etc) but in general, large companies hire freelancers because they can get 20 in NOW, and fire them in 6 months when they change direction Small companies don't hire many freelancers - they either hire generalists to do it all, or think they can do it themselves in house. Just to clarify - they raised 45m So either they spent 45m in past 4 years, or they did not draw down all of it or someone paid 1/2m for 10m in the bank? Or am I fundamentally missing something obvious I know it seems a little off topic but this is the tip of a big iceberg in the UK - a large % of this Trusts problems are down to how the hospitals were financed - basically off balance sheet borrowing by the govt. And they built a lot of schools and hospitals that way. All the drchrono style apps will not save a hospital that owes 15% or more turnover in interest. Actually the lesson to learn is charge monthly subscriptions. Actually that's a little unfair. The thing is these are businesses where (presumably) vital parts are left to fester. I presume because the management 'dont get it', but every business has these corner cases, and odd parts. I think the foolishness of ERP was ever daring to dream it could be solved monolithically. THe future surely is a form of SOA where some guy in accounting can write a crappy service, authenticate it globally and plug it into the enterprise directory system. But this really assumes everyone working will be able to program. Just like we assume everyone at work can read. No all positive indicators are not created equal and the which school did you go to is one of the smaller ones - certainly for undergraduates. Good schools deliver three things 1. Higher self confidence than average. This is oftenentitlement not talent 2. Good networking - yes but these days so does LinkedIn 3. Better teaching. Top universities do shine here. But that is the point. And really at undergraduate level it barely matters. In short, stop worrying about the college you are going to / went to. Feeling you missed out? Read SICP but if you really want one piece of right now advice here it is - choose one, just one of those ideas you have. And find evenings, lunch hours weekends and get that one idea out the door. Just do it. Then post to Show HN everything else follows from getting something out the door I think the issues arena is a good use case, and I currently use ghi, but I agree that most of the other commands are pretty rare and using a web interface is not a major issue every few wweeks but I definitely will give it a try - I would like to add prentice child relationships to issues - they would make a good backlog / story tracker combined with hubboard >>> phd shit ... Rides to the rescue with so ething implementable if you have examples I would love to know. The variability of architects I have known has been enormous - I put them on a spectrum - everything from UML 'oh I don't need to program' waste of time to highly competant "set of principles" approach - such as why are we serving this per second data to all the clients by holding open connections to everyone of thousands of clients, let's put them on caches with 1 sec TTL all the way upto folks who live in the JvM and can debug it and explain how can you supply examples of the phd shit solved and where it sits on the spectrum - cheers From submission guidelines: anything that gratifies one's intellectual curiosity I just spent a whole day in AES encryption, specifications and code. Being reminded there is a wider world out there, quite literally, is fine by me, especially a world where the answers are not obvious or wrapped in politics - why is the surface white? Is it impact or collapse? Edit - just neatened up I was watching tptacek talk on crypto/pen testing and he mentioned that a flaw published 15 years ago, is still being put into the wild by general web developers, in big companies who should know better. And I was also reminded of the checklist manifesto - where the Boeing (?) flight safety team analyse each crash report, and produce checklists for pilots that are pushed out around the world and actually read so here is a silly idea A kick-starter that funds a group to guide writing of real actual best practise in software engineering - broken down into silos like realtime or web or os. It can be updated and informed wiki style but is aimed at spreading actionable, immediate choices, with the background reading to educate later on, Maybe I need more (or less) coffee I suspect you might be, like me, beginning to suffer from deja-HN I think I would like to capture the opinions of HN's best discussions, categorise them and then be able to filter on - oh look another discussion on web security best practises. Fine - does it add anything beyond what we already have filed under best-of-HN-security - no? Ok ignore. It's what I suspect kills most forums, not really going downhill, but going round and round the same hill. Instead of some of our more prolific members saying "I have posted on this before (a lot)" maybe they could say "look at the HNBrain on #dontdropyourdayrate " Cheers I think your comment, why would J Random go there if he did not go to the others is the killer comment - ultimately programming either has a professional body to enforce this, or everyone learns to program a few years after they learn to read. ok, I'll bite, signing up now But How do I call you from inside my server? Are there libraries other than JS? I am reminded of the Steve Jobs quote, A class people hire other A class people. 199 rejections, and the Professor that decided to let a 15 year old try a wild idea is at ... Johns Hopkins. America may be doing a lot of things foolishly, but mentoring great talent for the future seems taken care of Dear Mr. von Neumann: With the greatest sorrow I have learned of your illness. The news came to me as quite unexpected. Morgenstern already last summer told me of a bout of weakness you once had I am pretty sure that "already last summer" is poor English grammar. Tisk - this Godel character. Probably not worth a face to face. http://rjlipton.wordpress.com/the-gdel-letter/ A sensible attempt to promote growth - the vast number of systems that will need complete replacement would dwarf green tech for a decade. Of course you will need to force the change over and getting the DHS to regulate it is probably theworst ever idea Couple of questions Is this Net Present value ? Do you publish the calculations that got us there (I could not see it) There seems to be some sensitivity to a few key variables (down payment?) - is there a write up of the algorithm (in plain english :-) But its pretty good - I just chucked in my UK prices and guesstimated equivalent rental, but its quite a shock - I expected to see rental as a more expensive option much much earlier and by a wider margin. its 20 years before you start saying - well thats worth it. the obvious one is about three comments down - a guy in the UK wants to join up and use the engine. I suspect that most mortgage providers would be happy to have you play with a "independent" site that shows you how much richer you will be in 20 years if you buy their mortgage, and price comparison sites would love to show you which mortgage will pay off most in 10 and 20 years. That's probably worth following up - is there a way of putting multiple mortgage lines in there ? I assume its doable. Edit spelling It was one of several questions - sorry I tend to do that if it is not net present valued then surely the calculations are off - won't that push the ownership beats renting even further out in time? Also I did not see if it was interest only vs repayment (one of the biggest issues IMO) I am having to build a monitor/webapp that is called by Jenkins, the monitor then triggers a restore of images cloud server, which when it completes pings back to the moniotr which then retriggers the nex Jenkins job I have a terrible suspicion I have missed something in the Jenkins manual - anyone have any ideas? Well, that blew me away. I would happily have gone for 13billion light years across. This one little blog (that was a few hours work covering decades of hard work by hundreds of people) has reminded me of the vast importance of education, scientific inquiry and just plain old reading. One recent suggestion here in the UK is to make maths study compulsory till age 18. If I can go till age 40 and not know how we know how big the universe is, and I am supposedly in the top 5% of educated people, then yes yes yes. Is there any politican I can vote for who will double the science budget ? considering I knew even less than I thought I did 20 minutes ago I am going to wait for someone who actually knows to chime in. Just as a thought - facebook must be in a unique position to provide almost unbeatable captchas - just put up images of a known friend and four / forty random pictures - the one who chooses correct is likely the person logged in ignore this is fb already does it Just as a thought - facebook must be in a unique position to provide almost unbeatable captchas - just put up images of a known friend and four / forty random pictures - the one who chooses correct is likely the person logged in ignore this is fb already does it Ok I am in. Let's implement the above, (as a spec it beats many I have known!) run it past a lot of security reviews and let market decide @homakov - will you host bare repo on github? (possibly you are and I missed that bit) In the UK there is a IR35 law which basically says if you are a contractor working for BigCo every day, 5 days a week, for 6 months we will treat you as an employee and tax you accordingly. It is frequently got around with pretty slim "contracts" and generally the HRMC keep it in their back pocket for rainy days I suspect the IRS will let an awful lot of acqui-hires go through so that they can pick off the obviously dodgy ones without finding them selves bogged down in masses of law suits with defensible "we really were bought out" and the horror of some bad precendants. I thought Jeans was some American college with a poor reputation Coming from Jeans, where the Dean still uses a Sinclair ZX80... But now, my next web framework (I am sure there will be one) is named Jeans. oh, this is the modern version of a microdot Release Gauss into the wild, have your agent in Fordu Nuclear plant be sure he has Gauss on his machine, and then just get him to name the jpgs or text files he wants sent back to the CIA as 'special.jpg' - Gauss nabs them, sends it back through the network of gauss infected machines, and hey presto - deniable, encrypted, distributed Dead Drops. Wow. Clever. Thank you I am only speculating but we know a few things 1. Its part of a wider eco-system of collecting / infecting / attacking "framework". It seems that attacking uranium enrichment was just a "plug-in". 2. They have designed for multiple infection vectors. Now if it can get in it can also get out . I would not be surprised if the family of malware here is also able to hook into outlook.exe, and even piggy back on IE connections. There is no particular reason why a payload cannot be steganographically put into every photo uploaded to irans' facebook. Which may not be entirely secure of couse :-) The possibilites when you have the money and time are incredible. So, no, something as silly as transmitting over UDP from the agents laptop back to www.cia.gov is unlikely, but this things will just keep pushing data around and around till it gets either home, or to a target. Sadly, much of the code is out in the open. And is surely being pulled apart by other nationstates and the mafia. Fun times ahead I think it is fair to say it is a general purpose tool, that was configured at least once, to take out Uranium refining tools. So, I would be surprised to find this was not also using, say the parts of Unicode with Chinese characters as well. >> As long as selective enforcement is practical This is I think the key. Technology gives us the ability to catch everyone . Speeding is the obvious example, but Facebook, lifeloggers, mobile GPS will help us auto-catch far wider ranges of crimes. So if we can catch everyone, and log that data, but only prosecute, for sake of argument, those of Hispanic or Afro-Caribbean descent, will the democratic process choose: 1. prosecute everyone 2. decriminalise 3. keep the status quo, deal with the rioting severely, send a large proportion of your populace to prison. None of those are great choices, and vary depending on the crime. But I suspect 3. is always going to be a socially unacceptable - but it is the status quo now (5% of US Blacks in prison vs 0.7% Whites - what happens when that equalises ? Which way will it go - 5% of the whole of USA?) Interesting. Surely the difference between a functioning democracy and a totalitarian regime is trapping people in a bind (otherwise called one law for all). I am just saying that yet another threat to functioning democracies is coming round the corner, and weirdly, speeding cameras are the canary in the mine. Wait till the iris scanner that lets you in the office building also does blood alcohol / cannabis testing. Not if we can all see them go in. If some people are "above the law", not that they can afford good lawyers, but that the laws are simply not applied, rather than applied and failed, then that presents a crisis for democracy. If it is visible that these laws are not applied (and presumably will be as everyone gets caught automatically) then society can either stop being democratic, or enforce those laws. Sorry, but there is not a juror alive who would think the uncle was an innocent party to all that. And Neal Stephenson is proven right again. Thank you, too lazy to go find the book and quote it Strange, until today I was pretty ambivalent towards Assange. Yes, what he was doing is I think the "natural" course of events - data will become more available, hiding secrets much harder and for shorter amounts of time. But, for his personal fate, I was, well, ambivalent. Now, however, I actively want him to not stand trial in Sweden (and certainly not end up rerouted to the USA.) I would prefer a method where he does face his accusations in a properly constituted court (Brussels perhaps?), but right now, I lack all trust in USA's approach to extradition when a War on X is involved. Bush Jr has a long legacy - the beacon of Truth and Justice in the world, and guess what, I don't trust them. Strange. Is this a joke? It looks real - but can anyone comment on real life applications of Coherent anti-Stokes-Raman spectroscopy (and other techniques listed below) Yes, I can beleive it works in the lab, on static samples,. But a dust fragment on a lapel as someone walks through the airport? I mean, otherwise, they just invented the Star Trek Tricorder. The company seems real and serious: http://www.geniaphotonics.com/business-markets/defense-and-s... Edit: I think I would like to see the following law: Any scanning, recording, tracking (etc) done in a public location or place of work must make the results public and interrogatable in (real/reasonable) time. We will never stop these technologies, and frankly some of them seem massively beneficial (this could test blood samples on your doctors desk). But we should not allow the results to be hidden, kept by the police or our employers. A general law of freedom, much like to general law of net neutralitry we want as well. People write tests. Sometime people forget to put an assert at the end of the test and those tests always pass. I have called these AA tests. Because "bleeding stupid" tests is unlikely to make a good blog post? I dont get why this is referred to as a pattern / anti-pattern. Face-palm is not a pattern. Why is this same mistake repeated time and time again hire expensive programmers who can do the work of twenty and mostly the do the work of twenty is about building infrastructure, automation and not going down rat holes not to do with ability. I agree, to an extent, but a robotic revolution is still software eating the world - for example house building. Robots can currently 3d print in concrete, and the roof stays on, what is hard is the software and architecture to design a window cavity that is printable, functional etc etc, and the software needed for balance, precision location I think what I am saying is that hardware is only 33% of the robotic revolution - the rest is same as we discuss here And therein lies the black hole at the heart of the HN dream. Sales, really good, professional, stab-you-in-the-back sales is still what counts. A winning, superior technology, was not the deciding factor here. Anyone got the number of a good Oracle Headhunter. >> * Well thought comments are often ignored and not read ( not up/downvoted, just ignored ) I would say this is the biggest issue for me - I am just not into that habit. I would suggest putting a header into the orabe bar: "Please generously upvote if you think something is intelligent, well written or inciteful or otherwise postiviely contributes to the conversation" That said, here is a +1 In the vein of http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4396747 1. It looks like a nice professional design so it does not give off initial bad vibes 2. The first thing that appears after login is a pop up asking me to get other people to join. I thought this was how to thank people at first. I think this is an unecessary pop up - this is a viral idea anyway, you dont need people to pre-join - the "thank" message will do that for you, so drop that first pop up - very confusing 3. I had to hunt around till I found how to thank people. I would put a different UX up front - in fact that pop up was fine - it had about 30 of my friends, just let me click one. 4. the search box is fine but I am moslty going to thank friends first surely. 5. add it to linkedin - will be a great networking add on 6. I want to send a message with the thank, and preview it. I still dontknow what I just sent. THat would worry me Overall, yeah nice but its not a good home for Facebook. Put it on linkedin, and I see it, on facebook, no. But that might just be me goodluck HNers are good people - we just need reminders regularly to do our duty to the community. So, it seems that you are the cure to your own ailment: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4396195 I took ten of my valuable minutes to review the next thing on Ask HN - and hopefully constructively. I guess it is just a problem of being reminded regularly that this is a community that needs contributing to as well as reading (my default). Perhaps more of us need to actually release something ! (maybe that could be a means to get a karma multiplier) The text: You thanked him/her 1 times > You have thanked them 1 times (better) > You have thanked them once. (best) I see there being two kinds of sales - the one where you just need to build a better mousetrap, and market honestly and clearly, and the kind where you force your sales people to get the names and phone numbers of the board of directors, and take them all out for lunch One is Instagram style sales, one is Oracle sales. Oracle Sales might not be best categorised as cut throat or stab in the back, but the game Steve Blank played was not fluffy - it was hardnosed and fully engaged with the politics of the world. Just saying. This is what I love about science, and endeavors designed to push boundaries. Inside a fat forty something is a small child jumping for joy because a robot is firing lasers on frigging Mars ! Please can we vote for candidates around the world who will put money into advancing what is known, and what is possible and stop putting it into arbitraging smaller amounts of dollars at smaller fractions of the speeds of light excuse me while I run around the sofa making pew noises Woody Allen films are a less stressful way to garner some acting credit for film stars whose bread and butter is big dumb films. Usually one has to take on a small off-broadway role (that's what Kevin Spacey has been doing hee at the Donmar for years - offering stars who will fill houses roles to prove they can "act". Allen films are just 6 weeks shorter engagements for me the lesson here is be the manager who has a fixed short term project each year, where everyone involved can claim kudos and respect, and you will be hiring engaged talented and frequently famous people who will lend you some of their charisma in return. Be the example and the enforcer. Firstly you need to go through all the code and put in place a usable testing framework, with stubs as needed, so that you on your machine can run one assert 1==1 test in say 50% of components (not modules just areas of the system) then make sure that there is a means to control code promotion (this can be social butsimplest way is only one person per component can merge to master and they must abide by these rules: 1. No code passes without passing all unit tests 2. No code passes without code review oh and the best example of this is subversion where (forgotten his name) simply code reviewed every patch for six months till everyone just took code reviews as the norm so you will have to do that too Tl;dr put in place right now a unit test framework with examples in strategic places around the codebase ensure you code review every checkin and refuse to pass those withoutgood enough tests Thank you. I was thinking of a quote by Brian Cox that the UK has spent "more on Banks in 3 years than on Science funding since Jesus". There are specific policies I would like to see implemented (I like the stabilising benefits of a Tobin Tax, agree mostly on progresive taxation) but to me thats just deckchairs on the Titanic. Getting your favourite deckchair picked for this years budget is not really a win. Really I would like to see a generation of politicians worldwide who base decisions on empirical results, who act independantly of specific interests and work for the benefit of all. Democracy is pretty good at this. I just want it to be better at it. Which of course means an electorate that votes for such politicians. So its our fault still :-0 Edit - moved acerbic comment about deckchairs around a little I am afraid that the principles of Agile was clearly espoused by Tom Gilb in 1988, long before the Manifesto etc. He called it Evolutionary Programming but it is pretty much Scrum. see: Tom Gilb Principles of Software Engineering Management (1988) We do have an awful tendancy to reinvent the wheel, but I think that building Cathedrals vs building Bazaars is the wrong metaphor - I prefer building simple vs building complicated. The "bad" people PHK describe are building complicated. The "good" people build as simple as possible, but no simpler. edit: 1992. Only been building bungalows. I am sorry, but I would like to come in on that first comment. I think I understand the point you are making (if you grew up in a time of cathedrals you will rate them highly) but it can be taken as an ad hominem attack - one I am sure you did not intend, and would be beneath the HN quality level (its a Cathedral to debate round here) Thank you - I am going to buy a cheap laptop (maybe two to stop fighting) for each child. Question: What should go on there? Or should I go for the iPad and push the "educational" games My son (and daughter) now walk up to the TV if I have paused the movie and press the big (||) button on screen. That blew me away too - its much better interface. (Actually they both used to, now they grab the remote. Ollie can work it fine now.) My reading of PHK here is that Cathedrals often lead to better systems than the anarchy-bazaar that he feels has come to be most of the OSS world. I think bazaar's like the Turkish one referenced above (with guilds and standards of quality) are the best of all worlds. but to get there, a guild needs a strong, opinionated leader. Torvalds perhaps. (PHK seems to fit the bill too :-) So, what I suggest is the issue here, is too many people trying to build a cathedral in a bazaar - they want everyone to build it their way but cannot persuade enough others to follow them. As such the bazaar is full of many half-finished carpets instead of less, perfect carpets made by engaged teams. Software needs many talented people, working together, mentoring new ones in "their way". A bazaar is great for getting different talented people to find each other and choose between many different projects. A Cathedral is great for encouraging apprenticeships, the promulgation of culture and so on. a higher rate of success being associated with fewer years of education attained by mother and father combined. Tell me more - is that statistically significant? Causes? Related to Reading age? The bit that worries me is the percentage of children who locked in the fridge just waited and cried. I have said it before and I will say it again: A police state is simply a free society where only the police can see the tapes. We need laws, now, that provide for all forms of surveillance and tracking of humans in public and semi-public locations to be made known, and the (raw) output of the surveillance to be published in real- or reasonable- time. Only in cases of valid, warrant-backed surveillance should this not apply. It does not matter that the surveillance is pico-second lasers, big CCTV cameras, GPS phones or whatever else. Make the laws cavier surveillance, tracking and monitoring. Not specific technologies. After that, of course, hiding your affairs from your wife will become, quite literally, your affair. The report authors seem to be arguing that income inequality in USA is so bad that an emerging lower/middle class cannot afford cars and the rich have all the cars they will need. This strikes me as plausible. The Atlantic is saying actually our young people aren't poor, they just want iphones instead. This strikes me as implausible platitudes. Is the Atlantic a Left / right wing paper (it appears on HN a lot so I would like to know) >> On the other hand, the long-term effects of never cleaning your code can be devastating. Entropy is the code-killer. I love that quote. Can I have "Entropy is the code-killer" on a T-Shirt please. I think the idea that car ownership is falling due to income inequality is staggering - that points to one direction only - enclaves of super-rich in a sea of poverty. It is not the way anyone expected USA to meet its Kyoto targets. But the evidence of increasing income inequality is persuasive. My favourite quote from somewhere recently: A society is fair if you are willing to enter it at the top or the bottom. If you dont want to join Western society at the bottom of the pile, its not a fair society. Edit: far too snarky. I always get confused here between "Eve" and MRCA. AFAIK "Eve" is not what we are talking here - that is not as identifying one person who is the ancestor of all living people, but that if we go back to the time of David, then he, and 80% of everyone alive at the time (approx 1 million) MUST be ancestors of everyone alive now. That is some of his DNA and some of everyone elses DNA at the time is in me. That is pretty weird. The other thing that gets me is that till agriculture, it seems human population was stable at around 1 million. Then it started to grow to 1 billion by 1800. Freddie Mercury could sing to the whole population of earth in three concerts. "Shorten the time between external input needed, and external input available" This is project management 101, and does not mention the pathological issue: if dev A is waiting for approval on code A, then he will go off and do work on lower priority code B, C, D. And they will wait, piling up the amount of work, making it look like the company requiresmore project management, better communications, more layers of managemnt and priority. Basically Scrum has tried to evolve as a IT lead solution to pathological project management. So, the first person who was the MRCA-with female lineage only, ie the earliest woman who was the female ancestor of all living people, was 100,000 years ago. But the earliest ancestor (female / male / mixed lineage) was only 3000 years ago. (i.e. the first, had to have daughters only, the second, more recent could have daughter then grandson then great-grandson etc) So, 3000 years before we can say anyone definitely was the ancestor of all, and there would be a lot of them. And 100,000 years before its female lineage. Then pretty much everyone is a common ancestor, back to plankton. And Dinosaurs! If they had kids today, and then stayed alive, it would work out pretty much the same. Except it would be fairly crowded. 1. This is part of a much wider survey, the survey itself not specifically about TSA, so people will have survey fatigue by question 38. 1.a. The results are 54% score 4 or 5 in "doing good job at screening airports", and 41% score 4 or 5 "screening at airports prevents airplane-related terrorism" TO me that 10% drop is very significant - it says that when prompted a lot of people think that the real underlying aim of TSA is not being handled well. And that a different survey designed to uncover those attitudes would a) be fruitful, b) probably tell Bruce what he wants to hear 2. The TSA is doing the job it was setup to do (look busy at the airports) very well. It is also true that the job it is notionally supposed to do (keep terrorists off US planes) is also working well (three incidents IIRR). 3. If that last comment worries you, then the TSA is fantastic at keeping alien's named Paul off the US airways. 4. The survey is not asking if the TSA should exist, if there are better alternatives to TSA current practises, or if security at airports reduces terrorist activity. All of which, if asked before asking the killer question, would garner different results. And notably all of which are the sub-questions Bruce is asking / implying. Unless you are familiar with Bruce's views on TSA these questions will not occur to you when asked about the TSA. 5. Its just a survey. This is both a good and bad turn of events. Good, because we want to send anyone in the financial field to jail and this will satisfy our blood lust. Oh sorry I meant this will send more criminals to jail. But, it always pays to be the first one to rat out your friends - you can make a deal. The second one to rat out, generally has nothing left to make a deal with. However, being able to rat out your friends means you were in on it in the first place. And the de facto requirement that the tip must be high-quality (read actionable evidence) means you needed to be recording everything you were doing. So, continue with the frauds, but keep really good records and know the number of the SEC. I was not expecting that. :-) And I still cannot think of anything useful to build with it outside of Games and Guess Who Walked In The Door! Is it just me. I feel like Doctor McCoy - complaining bitterly about Teleporters. Its an incredible app, available for the price of a days' work and yet ... And before anyone says Gesture-UI - please read Douglas Adams who knew it all first: For years radios had been operated by means of pressing buttons and turning dials; then as the technology became more sophisticated the controls were made touch- sensitive—you merely had to brush the panels with your fingers; now all you had to do was wave your hand in the general direction of the components and hope. It saved a lot of muscular expenditure, of course, but meant that you had to sit infuriatingly still if you wanted to keep listening to the same program. Is anyone working on something amazing to make me more Scotty than McCoy ? VCs are not too big, they are (apparently) investing in the wrong companies. If humanity overall wins out, the next 20-30 years will see industries we can barely imagine grow to maturity. From electric driver-less cars, to new forms of power generation (even fusion), new building methods, new education, and vast mega-cities will spring out of nowhere. In the West, in the rest of the world, we will see vast demand for things that are barely off the drawing board. And they will need support industries, innovating widgets and helpful doo-hickies. All of which will take specialised knowledge, innovation and investment. Just what VCs are supposed to do. (PS I strongly suspect Fred Wilson already knows this, is intelligent enough to be hiring clever VCs in India, China Sudan, and doing presumably cleverer things than I suggest. But it annoys me that the article seems mostly - oh no! cloud is cheap, so there are no companies anymore anywhere in the world that need high risk investment. Gaaahh!) Here is one that is a perfect example: http://www.ted.com/talks/donald_sadoway_the_missing_link_to_... Edit: added link, minor fixes I always return to this bet with John Kay: http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=6BLqprHdwygC&lpg=PA15... returns for the most successful railroad companies were mere 5% - competition kept things down (although speculation in early years lead to phenomenal returns - if sold) However, a moderate VC return is 3fold over ten years - which is ~12.5% YoY (unless my maths is bad). But then that is 12.5% of millions and millions not just one company. That the return (assuming no sale at top of a bubble) for the best companies in the biggest industry of 19C was only 5%-10%. (Based on equity, it seems Harford did not calculate dividend return which may make a difference) Making 15-20% without an exit is a great deal - supporting I think your point. Well I am sold - but I cannot pay outside the US it seems (unless I make up a zip code) Edit: You have my hard-earned now, after I saw the "which country are you in" - that was embarrassing, but in my defence its a terrible interface. Well, flying cars do exist: http://bostonherald.com/jobfind/news/technology/view/2022081... To be less of a dick: I did put in a caveat of "if humanity wins" - my sort of catch-all term for avoiding the collapse of a global civilisation that arguably has been in existence since, well, Gutenburg, or possibly Newton. But the idea is that the available-at-one-point-to-one-socieity-sum of human knowledge has been only expanding since a given point (the burning of library of Alexandria would count as a net loss of knowledge so it does not go far back this idea), and that if it is to keep exapnding we are going to solve something . Maybe cancer, maybe flying cars. Maybe something else. But there are only two directions - up and down. I am hoping for the up. I can understand the doubt. We humans are real good at screwing it up. But ... I think the scientific method is permeating enough societies that even if Western world collapses, India, Brazil etc are likely to be independant civilisations themselves. (I have had pleasure of working with many Indian natives over here, and their generation is going to want some serious changes back home.) During the 19th Century, U.S. railroads relied primarily on debt issues to finance their growth. This policy contributed to major financial crises (www.biu.ac.il/soc/ec/wp/16-01/16-01.pdf) Is that what you mean - or derivatives? I think one of the weaknesses is in replication - the process of replicating genes is most certainly not a product of man. So if a rock carved into a primitive statue is mine, and if rock could naturally replicate, split into two, would the second rock which I had no hand in creating, still be my product? And the third? Presumably script that proceeds right to left (and even upwards) was originated by left handed scribes edit spellchecker : left handed scribes became left handed scones. The history of heavy baked goods in the development of human civilisation has been scandalously neglected by a blinkered academic community. If he is ruled sane, then his killing 60 people is considered the actions of a sane person. his rationle and entire defence was not he did not do it, but that he did it to wake People to the awful democratic liberal open society - basically they just declared terrorism a sane response to democracy. Besides my obvious reluctance to pull the trigger on something I built from a zip file on the Internet, surely this just stops dead when you ask if you can print gunpowder? No. Receny there was a Tedx talk with this as the main hook - a lot of FUD around how these new technologies will unlease waves of terrorism and crime. It smacks of similar stuff -the old ways of killing people have been working fine for centuries. Agreed - Option "XkbOptions" "ctrl:nocaps" is your friend I remember watching a documentary which quite rarely featured Neil Armstrong (and Buzz and Collins) discussing the actual trip to the moon. They related a story where they instructed the computer to begin reverse thrusters to slow their approach to the moon. The computer came back with a code which Collins duly looked up in the manual 3E - Are you sure? Twas ever thus. It stuck in my mind, as humanising people who otherwise outstrip us who in all ways look up to them. He will be sadly missed. It is not his death we should focus on - for Neil Armstrong, and his collegues, we should not let his life be in vain. Back to the moon for good - or a lot of good people wasted their time. Ok, on your next contract I will negotiate your salary and conditions and aim to get you 10% on your last contract. Of course I will need a plausible "walk away" option - are you willing to give that? Edit: it's a bit early in the morning so that was supposed to be an expanation why you might not choose to give ana age t the negotiation power they need. Not a sales pitch And, not to put too fine a point on it, would you pay them their weight in gold? Let's say five times what you currently pay your devs? >> We think that the Hadzas’ bodies have adjusted to the higher activity levels required for hunting and gathering by spending less energy elsewhere. When I commute by bike, my brain is less flexible at work, than if I tube it in and eat chocolate. I will happily agree that my body shifts from using the brain at 100% CPU to 50% CPU and 50% body. That big lump of grey matter does not run 100% all the time. Whatever others say, I suggest you take your talent overseas for a while. Portugal will exist and in 10 or 20 years you and the rest of your generation will return - and demand change. Look at India's vast middle class / consultancy fodder. They are returning home and not simply demanding, but expecting things to be different. I think the first agents did not do it that way round :-) Can you tell me more about differential privacy - if the London Underground releases data about journeys from my start point to my end point, surely at some point enough data is released to determine which anonymous ID is me. I just would like to know are there determined upper and lower bounds on how much can be released before it is explotable? Sorry no - just a TV doc - it was perhaps called the real right stuff. It had interviews with I think every living Apollo astronaut, and was made for the 2009 anniversary. It might have been http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/When_We_Left_Earth:_The_NASA_Mi... (I certainly remember Charlie Duke talking a lot !) Well there is an interesting one - you have the gene that causes huntingdons. You are born with it. That's about as Pre-existing as it gets - ante natal. Now please give me my insurance at nominal rates. I will be collecting soon what is Pre-existing. The symptoms? But symptoms are just a means to tell a disease exists. The gene for huntingdons - is that a symptom? Then we are happy to support you - but, could I point out I had to read this defence before I knew that - maybe when plugging your own work in context its worth pointing that out. PS David, I suspect many HNers are like me - interested in reading the book, no Kindle. I tried the "Cloud reader" but am stuck giving amazon a valid serial number of the Kindle I don't own. so, is Google right in telling me you cannot use cloud reader without at least one Kindle purchase? (Have not dared brave the Amazon tech support line) edit - about third rewrite - cannot make the thing about "please say you are bootstrapping HNer" sound anything other than snarky - apologies. >>> the people making buying decisions (the IT department) and the people using the data (the hardcore analysts) weren’t the ones who stood to benefit from what the actual data was saying. "A good UX enables a lot of people to take action, which is the opposite of how things used to work," says Gheorghe. "Printing out an Excel grid doesn’t tell you what you need to act on. This is related to the "visual programming" discussion. It does not matter if its possible someday in the future to get non-programmers to program visually. It does not matter that the Head of International sales gets given incomprehensible spreadsheets Its their job The head of sales will hire programmers to pull out the data he needs (its a lucrative consultancy gig I hear). Visual programming - just learn to program. Its like reading and writing - yes folks it is hard. It will take a long long time as an adult. But imagine you lived next door to that Gutenberg guy and his new-fangled press. You would want to be learning to read now - not waiting for someone to invent the comic. We do not need to invent visual programming languages that will "encourage" people to program. Most people are quite capable right now. Its motivation that matters - and until it is taught to 5 year olds as a matter of course, then seeing the world eaten by software will provide motivation enough. Imagine you lived next door to that Gutenberg guy and his new-fangled press. You would want to be learning to read now - not waiting for someone to invent the comic. As a father of two (both under 3) I want to (obviously) supplement my childrens official education with home encouragement - but resources and kicking off points like that above are - well I am sure they are around, I just don't know where. I am half considering starting the Concerned Parent (tm) github repo Is there any value in a github repo on recommended books and practises to help polyfilla in the cracks in the school system?- different approaches could have their own branches, commits could be discussed (Did you like that book The Teaching Gap? Should it be recommended? etc) No I am not trying to recreate mumsnet. How crazy is this? Holy Cr*p - The President actually did an AMA. I cannot imagine our Prime Minister replying to an email. Edit: oh its happening today - I thought it was old news and no-one had told me. Apologies for the exclamation marks now gone. Thank you - as a brit I had always assumed it was, well, nutjob territory. Will look into it. I am utterly utterly overjoyed seeing this, even with caveats. Government has been described as the engine of a lawn mower and the brakes of a Rolls-Royce - so it's good to see the brakes off for a while. I do worry about those brakes though. In the design principles they disparagingly refer to an article on beekeeping as not a core focus for government (you did not know Ron Paul was a RoR guy did you?). But beekeeping is on the live site because it represents a constituency of the live governemnt. Although they are under the cabinet office and so theoretically able to say no, I think hoping you can slim down government through web design is a bit - optimistic. Dirctgov started off as optimistic as these guys - and what is not on github is the decision making process - when their mailing list is world readable as well as their code then we shall have open government till then, the beekeeping lobby will have it's way - eventually. As a Brit, I don't have a political axe to grind in the US, so the democracy-loving part of me can go wild over this - nearly a million extra citizens (many US) tuned in to read a half dozen comments from a political candidate. Yes, read! that's fantastic news - we always worry about the degeneration of politics into sound bites and mud slinging but I count a million more engaged people, reading and presumably considering comments - which were, whether you are pro or anti Obama, lucid, direct and as far as any politician will be, forthright. This democracy thing might just make it. ps kudos to the guy casually mentioning his drug habit to the POTUS. The most obvious worry about the "new" science of defining species by DNA analysis, is that we will eventually "prove" humans are no longer one species. I know its all just definitions, but fairly big wars get fought over less. (But only by those non-humans. We humans are peaceful) A quick goolge does not tell me what are the actual differences in mtDNA genome that says "yes" this lot are not Homo sapiens, nor how much of a difference counts. Anyone? Edit: Trying to be clearer The official definition of species seems to be shifting. The article claims that humans interbred with Denisovans, implying that the offspring were viable and lead to us, and that they could distinguish between ancient humans and Denisovians via DNA testing. That implies to me, that Denisovians and Humans are distinct species, and can be told apart by some DNA testing. I am interested in the process of defining of species via DNA - the implications for that seem reasonable to infer given our unpleasant history. What did they measure - which part of the genome did they say is human and which Denisovans. Are those sequences ever found in modern humans? Could they be? What would that human who had more Denisovian DNA than typical be called? Why? There are two things here - the scientific metrics used, and the political decision to turn metrics into loaded words like species. I can argue all day over the second but I have no infomration on the first. Someone has come to a definition of a species that is a) definable through DNA sequencing of a finger bone b) excludes from being Human, a girl 40,000 years old whom the articvle claims we mated with and had offspring as her DNA is also found in modern day humans. So, unless I got some facts wrong, quite possible, it is possible to mate with humans and have viable offspring and still be defined as non human by DNA testing. That has implications. I would like to understand the science. Thank you for a detailed overview. I am still confused over the mechanism used to identify a "species" via mtDNA. I understand that the meaning of species as it stems from Linnaeus is unlikely to be useful in the DNA age, and I grasp the impossibility of defining when one species stops being another, but I would like to understand the science first, then the more political side of how to apply a loaded word like species to a DNA result. That is the key - with low downside, you can afford to take a risk on the untried "potential" - payoff could be huge. With high downside, you want to minimise that risk. So, no brain tricks, just risk/reward behaviour I see, everything smoothes out. But that makes my question more relevant the article, and the scientists behind it seem to be saying there is a line to draw, between Denisovia and Humans and Neanderthal. And they can draw that line with mtDNA * how can we distinguish between three species 41000 years ago * what are the metrics in DNA used (% of gene sequences different?) * if we are saying that xmillion yrs ago there was a common ancestor and they diverged into three species who evovled down till 40k yrs ago, then how can we call them different species if we were still interbreeding 40k ago? If we were interbreeding then we were same species, so again what is the DNA based reason for saying seperate species? One last thing - if the A+B scenarios imply that say humans bred with Neanderthal and their offspring had to breed with denisovians whose offspring then could bring DNA back to human line, (while human/denisovians could never produce fertile offspring) then I still see the same issue if we interbreed we are same species, so what is the DNA based rationale for saying no we weren't if we were not interbreeding ... It makes more sense but presumably the mutations in different trees got shared after common ancestor ? Edit: tokenadult kindly re-edited and I did not spot it I time but makes the point that DNA definition of different species in Pre history is weak at best, and relies on other Indixators of breeding success. I shall assume that the "DNA shows a different species" to be poor science journalism rather than poor science and bookmark this for further Reading later apologies for any iPhone based typos. Edit again: Just checking: If we find two skeletons 250k yrs old, definitetly Neanderthal and human, sequence their genomes. Then find two skeletons at 150k one has acquired a random mtDNA mutation and then find the same mutation on both at 50k years ago - then can we estimate the odds of that being mutally independnt mutations? And is that what this branch of science is trying to do? (I remember Leakey being quoted as saying we have only found enough ancient skeleton bones to fit in the back of his car, so the above convenient pairs of skeletons are understandably hypothetical) pps HN and iPhones do not get on so if this editlooksawful I am justleaving it - thank you for the comments - always nice to have questions treated seriously - and thanks to tokenadult again for living upto your handle Speaking as someone who realised a long time agao a Phd was out of reach, I would characterise all "hard" science training (mostly the phd track) as the opposite of herd immunity for the human species - we need a tiny few of the species to be well trained enough, intelligent enough, renumerated enough that the innovations to sustain 7bn people at material levels I think of as bare minimum (ironically the level of subsistence of a phd student) frankly if it's not looking worth it to you, the rest of the herd should remeber to vote for candidates willing to put the cash into science at all levels. Maybe I will ask Mitt Romney when I see him on Reddit. Thank you, some reading to do, starting with the actual paper. Cheers How shall I put this - just as A people hire other A people, twenty-somethins hire other twenty-somethigs. One of the things as a guy starting up in his 40s I know how much even a brilliant graduate must be taught and trained and mentored. Whereas a person with 15 or more years under thier belt just needs to be inspired this is not to say there are not exceptions, but the younger the founder the younger the median age under him/her tends to be, based at least on personal experience. I am pleased HN has opened up entrepreneurship to people otherwise would have taken the corporate path. Now let's see if we can push the only glass ceiling that lies behind us At the risk of gamification, could we also get total numbers of users (those with karma I guess) and maybe a std deviation on a seperate, less desperate how am I doing note, and I assume it has been covered before but I missed it, is there any likelihood of releasing the archives / backups - I would be fascinated to see who ranges far and wide over subjects, who converses with whom most, in fact pretty much everything that looks fun in graph work and NLP is in HN. Just a thought - but failing that, yes how am I doing :-) But you do have to learn how to use a desktop. You even spent sometime learning how to use a mouse. I use xfce on my main machine and unity on the oops I need skype machine and I hate the switch, but that's because I have not invested time to use it well - and chances Are I probably won't, just like I won't learn the annoying parts of OSX desktops are a tool like any other - the mentality that they should be intuitive or easy leads down the path of eye candy as opposed to functionlity. Yes. Next. There have always been two places where (young) people from different classes and backgrounds mixed in a country - drafted in the army or at university. Britain was seen as a much more integrated society after 20 years of conscription petered out in the 60s. I am struck by the number of reports on moocs that talk of online friendships - and I suspect that the open replacement for facebook will come out / be integrated into of coursera or udacity or the like. 0. What does the agency do? Which country? Which part of the industry? Remote or onsite? 1 why only some of the employees are salaried - is this a management divide, skills gap? Usually hourly vs salaried indicates the divide between skills the company thinks are either not core or more easily measured and tracked. If you are salarying people doing the same job as hourly workers then yes expect tension if you are hiring people in to work on well defined clearly measurable projects whilst salaried empoyees perform other tasks then the divide is understandable to everyone involved your reasons as a company for this approach are your own, (I am guessing you run a small agency and are using a throwaway) - but your reasons need to be understood and accepted by your employyees - if you can explain the reasons here you will have a better chance of winning everyone over My next one ;-) Edit: joking aside, I cannot comment for pg but there are a number of startups I regret not funding - funding with my time and effort. Whatever strategies or not people use to invest in others companies we can all invest in one - our next one. I am minimising my regrets, by investing in me. (I do worry about that management team though !) Sorry I saw a new account on a sensitive subject - as the man says assumption makes an ass of you and umption... Are you paying hourly because originally things were uncertain and salaries were a big risk on the founders? If this has changed (good rep, plenty of orders trhough next six months) then maybe salary is the way to go. My feeling though is salary is only part of a question about sharing and managing risk. Games development is risky and there will be better qualified people here to advise but I would look at how the whole risk/reward is structured - salaried employees take on the bread and butter corporate games, freelancers take the riskier retail with some shared upside? There are many ways to do it but at the moment it sounds that it's in peoples interet to work longer hours rather than ship early. Hardly at all. At the risk of a flame war (it's a perma-warm topic in the UK) Scottish Independance will have minimal up or downside when considered broadly. There are lots of clever Economists who expalin how different choices will cost / bring in millions or billions but I have yet to see anything promising more than 2k per citizen - and to be honest I doubt anyone will move house to get a 2k pay raise, so the overall effect - minimal of course some areas of Scotland are long term grindingly poor and recieive lots of start up credits (they are called enterprise zones) - but they are nit focused on HN style startups, services and light industry is the bigger recipien of enterprise grants. The Scottish National Party (ruling party in Scotland) is trying to hold it in the weeks just after the 700th anniversary of the greatest Scottish victory over the English at Bannockburn. It's unlikely they are hoping for a nationalistic fillip but more a negotiating position over the actual wording of the referendum - but it is an amusing bit of chutzpah and what one expects of the SNP leader :-) I don't believe that's how these things work. Power player A meets power player B, they discuss what they hope to do in the near future - plans and interests. Perhaps they will have matters of mutual interest - thats great. Then they seperately take action, happy to know what positions and interests the other players in the game have. Apple and Oracle were both threatened by Android. No-one needed egging on, no-one needed secret deals. They were open and above board about wanting to screw over Larry and Sergey. :-) Now there is an A/B testing approach @patio11 might like to get his teeth into - Emotionally-cued directed navigation. Brighten up the site as they make progress towards your goals (dont have the smiley people on the landing page, have them on the next one) Move away from the big green buy button, get JS to subtly dim the pallette - can you tip the A/B balance using interactive cues not static changes. SOunds, creepy now I think of it. That's not what matters. Getting costs is like a TKO in boxing. They won, the judge knows they won, but they still had to do the road running and the no sex for a month before the match, so its a sunk cost. Lots of sex after the match does not make up for the month before. No, not really, and pace the "we will all want to sit in single pod cars, talking to no-one" approach, I do think rail as we know it is over. Welcome to the car-train. The subsidies for rail travel are vast, and when there really is a viable alternative an order of magnitude cheaper, the rail industry will go the same way as the dockers did after 1957 (first use of container freight) That will be a horrible wrench across the world, and will need to be managed well - preferably starting now. On the plus side, there will be quite a lot of suddenly cheap land for sale throughout western cities - that will play havoc with house prices in 2030. The internet itself is extremely simple and has survived mostly unchanged from the 1980s ... innovation to take place at the edges... allow decisions and implementations to be delayed to a time when everything can be done faster and smarter. Big projects that don’t plan this way are doomed to failure. This is the most interesting point out of the article for me - many of the big government projects are being technologised away. How do we judge government spending from now on? By its ability to be flexible in face of change? By its lack of vast gobs of money? Are we going to get to a JSON as the media-type of choice - my big concern is that compared to XML, JSON does not support namespaces (hard to define your own media type (and let others parse it)) and gets really messy around the third level of indentation. Don;t get me wrong, I prefer using it, but XML is better for those all important "here is my new type of doc" Some comments to take or leave as desired 1. It looks really good. But on second glance I just got confused. There is a lot of info, a graph I dont get and a list of seemingly unconnected events with no exposition. 2. It took a couple of plays to work it out - its really about the categories you have set up. Clicking the filter gives you a good sense of what the person has behind them Now I get it, I like it. 3. So that leads me to: If I am a non-speaking, non-hackathoning (Whats a hackathon) uncharitable, non conference goer - my statuschart will look pretty thin. Can I alter the categories to suit me? At worst just change the labels 4. I definitely want to expand the 'projects' section - I would want to do F/OSS, Salaried jobs, contract work, education etc. 5. pricing - I think it was on the PR piece you got - $5 a month and 30/year. That sounds good but why make people sign up before they can follow / read a page. If I wanted to give this to a propspective employer, I would be forcing them to sign in before seeing my CV - or have I missed something 6. Instead of category @all@, which is just a big long list of confusing, can I suggest top - where i can weight each event and then there is a simplish algorithm to float the events I weighted highest to top (perhaps weight / days since). That way there is a default page open that has my best stuff listed right at the top, and only then does someone have to filter out. 7. I am thinking of this as a CV - I would want to put a small paragraph onto some events to explain them, maybe in a popup. Otherwise really good - there is a rash of github resumes and other 'show off my stuff' sites. Its going to be an interesting area - good luck iterating. cheers Edit: kicked off a bit strong, toned it down a littel :-) Messy as in the meaningfulness starts to deteriorate faster than with XML - the ability to have attributes and tags when you are deeply nested can be useful However, if you are that deeply nested, maybe you are doing it wrong Perhaps a better analogy was made by (General Sir Peter de la Billiere I think) about UK troops patrolling in Helmand Province. He said something like "Even when they think no-one is watching, no sargents, no generals, they still monitor their surroundings, check the garden walls as they pass. No-one is letting the monotinity reduce their awareness." In short, if there is a job worth doing, its worth doing well. Incredible, but it also shows just how damn polished commercial games are. Brilliant work. Getting costs in most civil cases is no longer about making financial restitution - the litigants are usually so well funded it does not matter cost awards indicate not only did the jury agree with you, but your case was so strong the other side should be punished for bringing it. Compare to cads where costs of a dollar are awarded. As for sex, forswearing sex before a sporting match is / was a common means of getting teams away from disruptive or chaotic marriages by wiley coaches, and could be seen as a sunk cost in winning the match. Even if you were awarded restitution after the match the costs were sunk so it does not matter if costs are awarded or not (see the too well funded to care above) But ... Voice messages, no matter how post edited, cannot be quickly scanned like text or photos, so demand the full attention and time of the recipient who will give that time to people they know will not waste time - family friends stand up comics etc. Twitter is the right analogy here - not facebook or instagram I seem to be losing my sense of wonder Yesterday I worked with my collegue, me at my desk near London, him in the Pennsylvania sunshine, producing code for a Texan university. We chatted, shared code, pushed updates to servers on two continents. We were using technology that is according to Arthur C Clarke, magic in any previous human generation. And I never even noticed. Co-ordinating humans over vast distances is really no different to doing it in two adjacent rooms. Treat people as craftsmen doing a professional job, individuals capable of coming together for a shared vision, encouraged by peer accolade and pressure. and don't forget to stop and smell the flowers once in a while. It's a wonderful life. Over the past few days I have had (mostly) intelligent conversations with people I have never met on JSON, DNA testing in 40,000 years old bones, Scottish independance, and salary needs of contractors. I simply cannot imagine doing that anywhere else. And I doubt that any of my comments rate as insightful or beautiful. Yet stopping me making them would have killed those conversations. I can agree that the submissions seem less interesting than 5 years ago, but the conversations engage me as much as ever, which is fine - HN has changed - it has become more necessary to participate - it is not wikipedia - its not supposed to be a passive read.I have been a lurker here longer than my username, and in the past year it has been noticeable that HN is more like a conference - the interesting stuff happens talking to people in the corridors. My 2 cents suggestion - hashtag comment threads. Then the best comments, most insightful, most summarising, can be extracted on any given hashtag subject - a living FAQ if you like. But don't make huge changes - the real stuff is about talking with other interesting people. Thats great - lets not risk it with big unproven changes. We are never going to stop the technology being developed and used. And nor should we - the benefits can be enormous. But we must put in place legislation that prevents abuse - and I think it needs to be broad and overarching. I suggest 1. All monitoring of individuals / crowds in public and semi-public areas must be clearly notified, and the raw output of that monitoring must be made publically available within a short and reasonable time frame 2. All access to that raw feed and subsequent processed feeds by government officials must be audited and made available in raw form 3. Exceptions can only be made through warrants signed by civil courts Frankly, there are face recognition, laser scanners and more. Getting away with a crime in a public area will be almost impossible in 20 years. That's the good news. The bad news is that if only the police have access to that information, they will abuse it. Because they are good people mostly. Bruce Schneier: We're at a unique time in the history of surveillance: the cameras are everywhere, and we can still see them. Fifteen years ago, they weren't everywhere. Fifteen years from now, they'll be so small we won't be able to see them. Similarly, all the debates we've had about national ID cards will become moot as soon as these surveillance technologies are able to recognize us without us even knowing it. http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2012/07/remote_scannin... To me the implications are we have 15 years to make sure we know who is watching us and when. Since no-one puts up adverts saying "wanted - crap developer, poor time-keeping, rude attitude and bad test coverage a must" then we are just going to have to put up with this. It's just like job title inflation or real estate agent descriptions of property (You also never see "pokey little hovel for sale, noisy neighbours") Just ignore the fluff, read the actual job and decide. I must +1 this bit - nice idea, where self-selection actually works: Instead, try expressing a piece of your culture or mission: dog-loving hacker, activist developer, foodie web developer Or something about your development process: generalist software engineer, creator of performant & maintainable code, quick-and-dirty hacker It seems life is one step ahead as usual: http://www.securitynewsdaily.com/1441-beat-facial-recognitio... But hiding your face is only part of the problem, your gait is also pretty unique, as is I suspect your smell, your etc etc. We need a generic catch all law to keep everyone honest. as I keep banging on about. Vandalising cameras is not (IMO) a valid response. These cameras are put up with the intention of protecting life / liberty / property. Perfectly valid and laudable aims in a democracy. The problem is that the uses of the systems can become subverted and spiral downwards, through lack of controls and oversight. As an example imagine cameras and software to identify sudden violent actions in a street, flag the incident for review, follow all the involved people as they walk down different streets switching cameras intelligently. That seems a good thing. Bad thing: not knowing you were being monitored last night and upon review nothing violent actually happened. Badder thing: not knowing you are being monitored as part of a skin-color recognition innovation. Badderer things: oh lots, but all about technologies being used outside of strict, "just cause" reasons. This is because everyone thinks a biometric is some sort of password. It is actually a username. You are stating I am the person whom my fingerprints/face/retinas state I am. Then the guard should challenge that person with that face to provide a password that is known to be held by that face. Its a common fallacy that leads to people having their fingers chopped off to steal their fingerprint-recognising cars. Isotope seperator - plague kit I assume this is downloading nuclear bombs or viruses? And that means that we need AI to monitor us constantly in case some idiot kills everyone? The existence of the cameras is not the problem. It's how we use the output of them. Vandalising cameras without putting in place (legislative) checks around the use of surveillance devices is short sighted Luddism - so not a valid response Afaik the DPA is aimed at processing of data, specifically excludes that collected for security warranted or not, has no teeth to it, has no provision to force the publication of data held as a matter of course (opt in not opt out) and has afaik no case law regarding surveillance (it's mostly focused on internal data processing) we should assume that if I can see a camera I can go to surveillance.gov.UK enter my lat long, choose the camera from a list and see the raw feed - wave at it. And see who has acessed that feed in the past hour. If that os not a normal reflex for people waiting to catch thier train, or walking to the shops, then we have not got the right legislation So I think you are suggesting imposing a ban on cameras like here in UK bans guns. That is one approach and maybe effective however I feel that there are public good to be derived from surveillance tech, that if the govt has cameras to enable those benefits we still need to manage that and the difficulties of enforcing such a ban for civilian usesuggest to me that mitigating the existence of cameras through open access is simplest approach I honestly do not - I fear for China. Over the past 150 years this past generation is the only one not to suffer some horrific war, genocide or starvation. China has a revolt somewhere almost daily, it has none of the institutions we are pretty sure are necessary to managing power (independent judiciary, enforceable contracts etc) and has worrying signs of becoming a mafia state, with none of the benefits of one guy in charge ala Putin . So basically there are a huge number of ways it can go wrong, very little to hold it together except the fear that if we don't keep on this course it will be a lot worse. Nice word. Thanks I feel like there is a train humanity is on, gathering speed ever faster, but the railroad in front of us is being manufactured in the rear car and passed overhead and laid down just in time for the wheels to hit. We have been getting better over the years in new railroad manufacturing techniques, and there is no particular reason why we will fail, just ... well. I feel like there is a train humanity is on, gathering speed ever faster, but the railroad in front of us is being manufactured in the rear car and passed overhead and laid down just in time for the wheels to hit. We have been getting better over the years in new railroad manufacturing techniques, and there is no particular reason why we will fail, just ... well. Just another point - do we have any vague ideas the effect this opening of the ice will have on the gulf stream. As a mortgage holding Brit, who recently holidayed on our west coast which has dolphins, surfers and palm trees (really), I would like to know if I will pay my mortgage off only to find the housing Market in UK a little bit depressed with winters like Toronto Is this 10000x return that makes everything else counter intuitive a function of startups or of startups in a bubble? Are the returns going to remain of this order over the next 20 years ? I understood that VCs rule of thumb was 10x return paid for the other 9. is this difference earlier stage, bubble or other? That would be insanely stupid [#] for the attackers to do - especially as they claim the FBI have the original 2%. diff ours theirs | xargs fbi_arrest_warrent_generator.py I cannot come up with a convincing reason that the 2% is missing however - or if the 2% is in addition to. Which would raise even more weird questions. edit: [#] that seems a bit aggressive, but I am not aiming at the parent post here, apologies if it reads badly. I think I mean these guys would make it onto Americas Dumbest Hackers TV special if that were the case. For me the killer line was Redford collecting his fee for a coporate white hat job: Redford (flirting) - Well, its a living ! Pretty Secretary (Looks at cheque) - Not a very good one. Said everything - and fair put me off the idea of copying what otherwise seemed a really cool job :-) tl;dr: US Forestry Service: We have too many trees ! How can we sell more of them in a declining building market? The US Forestry service (certainly by Bill Bryson) is regarded as in thrall with loggers (builds roads for access to heavy equipment, sells trees at a loss acting as a subsidy provider etc.) So the idea that the great new industry, that involves chopping down trees, should be owned by US forestry service, does not inspire confidence. The $1.7 million factory, which is owned by the US Forest Service, Who remembers the Friends episode where Courtney-Cox was asked to come up with some tasty way to make cakes with fish-chocolate? Yeah that one got me planning how to replace all the mattresses and pillows in my house too ! Yeah. I am glad though. The 20 year old me would have seen any number larger than his student-limited wallet and swapped careers instantly :-) This is a trademark dispute - and there is one simple rule in International trademarks. If you stop defending your trademark every time , then you lose it. No-one at apple seriously thinks a polish supermarket is going to trade on the apple brand. But because it's close enough, they must sue. Otherwise the polish laptop maker who releases pomme d'terre range will be able to get in. If you don't beleve me, paint a red triangle outside your stall in Dar es salaam and see how fast the nabisco lawyers hit you. It's life. What is bad is there is not a word of damage control from Apple - with Jobs gone they no longer get the benefit of the doubt - and so IMO should explain every piece of evil / seeming evil they do very clearly. Just not in their DNA though. Because news outlets are not peoples only source if news. Timcook.blog.apple.com would have been quoted thirty seconds after the OP got put up - but it does not exist. I can only surmise that apple does not reply directly because that sort of thing is not how apple works. Perhaps they should change. Yet oddly for more the case with "the cloud" I am hopeful that openstack will give me a large range of providers I can use with the same Apis - and that my app design will be sufficient that even the remaining non fungible parts of a hosted computer (OS, connectivity, size of data stored) will be mitigated I am not sure if it's a good or a bad thing but pretty soon every computer other than the ones I carry will be commodities There is needless pedantry on HN and there is needful pedantry on HN thank you, have a karma point :-) you deserve two for that Rubbish Zulu were a war like nation engaged in successful conquering of SAfrican tribes yes. Just like many many others before throughout the world. If they had learnt to build the infrastructure of civilisation like others before then sub Saharan culture could have had one united pan- culture and developed just like others before it. But we destroyed that - apparently doing them a favour Japan shows an excellent example of how to absorb technological advances without getting wiped out - and offers an alternative to your rather insulting White conquer or self destruction theory. To 500hats: 1. Please take a note from pg. He writes clearly, edits his essays and it is almost always clear what he means. I am afraid I read your note twice and still missed some of it's core message(s) (I mean this kindly and politely) 2. If you are serious about external to USA investments and families, please please stop using US only sporting analogies that need Wikipedia articles to unpick. I am glad you love your sports. Now stop it. Say what you mean. Analogies are for lazy HNers like me, otherwise you are bowling googlies on a sticky wicket. To pg and 500hats This may or may not be a spat, but it looks suspiciously like when two tribes who were happily expanding across virgin tundra suddenly find they are jostling each other for space. As you guys are at the leading edge of us it start ups, is this a warning sign of an imminent contraction ahead - have you guys run out of room? You are quite correct Tl;dr use social engineering - computers are not the weak point, people are. True. Yes, avoiding using analogies is like .... I only know the Oakland As after watching Moneyball (recommend it for post midnight slumping), but yes I have a couple of rules for mixed culture teams 1. Writing is best first . Skype is great but really unless English your first language communication with words is easier, because you can take your time and point to code 2. Polite is vital 3. Encourage the weakest communicators This is generally true anyway, but the isolation that can accrue from not being able to make yourself understood a thousand miles away can become crippling to a otherwise useful team member 4. Kiss - keep it simple - everything needs to be simple 5. Pair up - no not pair programming although that's useful but have a "liason" for each remote person at the head office. This way there is a good link for catching misunderstandings etc 6. Be wary of jokes 7. On simplicity - this usually gets difficult when the requirements are not clear - if it's hard to feet a good programmer with bad English to understand what you want the fault is probably in the requirements not the programmer to be fair that last rule has never failed me with any developer who has enough English to hold a conversation about their favourite sports team. Which is not much really. No, just vote for better funding of science research. It only takes one genius to change the world, but it turns out that one genius tends to produce many changes (cf Einstein // Lord kelvin // Faraday) Perhaps it would be more accurate to say - you could try to change career, become a renowned research scientist and invent number 3-8 on the Yudkowsky Ambition scale, but ... You are just one person, probably without the right inclinations to be a world class researcher (or frankly you would have become one, it would have been an irristable calling) So a more worthwhile use of your time and effort would be as part of a co-ordinated effort to select, support and reward a world wide network of inter-dependant researchers, and then layers of secondary innovators and implementors who in totality will bring the benefits of scientific progress to all humanity. They also serve who stand and insist politicians use empirical based testing to validate their spending on our behalf As it were I remember very clearly queueing in Waterstones Old Street to buy a book on Marimba - it had sooo much hype that even I thought I needed to get upto speed now Yes, hype is death to expectation management, but it sure beats everyone ignoring you this is not the fault of YC companies nor even pg. Just live with it. And keep polishing those pitches :-) edit : bit more positive Forgive me if these questions are well known or answered elsewhere but I am genuinely interested How did you invest in some YC companies at 25k levels - was this Pre-yc investment? Did you come across these (and others I guess) via friends nd family, or are you well known as an angel? (for a given value of well known) if as your edit says you have been disrupted, where next? Or rather, if the secret seems to be finding talented teams and mentoring them (rather than great ideas), where will a small investor get attention when YC has worldwide reach? Edit: is it fair to say that mentoring and experience are all well and good but handing over enough cash that a small company just cannot go bust (ie the 150k each YC supposedly gets) actually more useful - telling people not to do something may help but paying for their survival while they learn the lesson is pretty good too. I have sometimes thought it would be a good idea for governemnts to pay young people entrepreneur stipend - basically YC for anyone. It has to beat some of the ways I spent my twenties, certainly must beat welfare, and probably would make mcjobs just unbearable. ps thanks for doing fuckedcompany - it made not being a millionaire in 2002 seem normal again instead of the nagging worry I had not noticed the free money machine outside. @pud - my apologies I seem not to be able to reply directly - I suspect I edited my post after you replied. Thank you for a fast reply. And at the risk of seeming rude, if you came on board as an advisor post-YC it was clearly for experience, but how, even as friend of friend did you sell yourself to them (they presumably enjoyed demo day with VCs throwing them money so there was competiton) That's quite clever. YC offers something like 10k for 6% stake (iirr) so pro rata it's cheaper, to the single entrepreneur it's one to two years runway, they can relax bit and make longer term plays, and for the fund it's great - fifty percent of facebook would keep the partners happy I wonder also if this is the start of some YC-backlash Lightbank Start shouldn’t be compared, Lee suggests, to accelerator and incubator programs along the lines of Y Combinator, TechStars or 500 Startups, which generally seek companies and founders with more experience, and better developed products or start-ups to pitch. Second set of people positioning YC as a well, luxury brand. I know but ... My conjecture is that the vast majority of people, put in a situation where they are socially, culturally expected to deliver a better world, and given the time to do so, will. I know it's pointlessly naive, but otherwise it's mcjobs all round. I apologise for writing a long post - I have not time to write a short one There is a reason MBAs are taught market analysis. Its important to position your product for maximum effect (usually maximum profit, but that may not be the case here) The arguments for FirefoxOS seem to be 1. It's OSS 2. It's Web-technologies only 3. It's aimed at the "emerging" markets' mobile users 4. It runs on cheaper hardware better than the competition 1 and 2 are great. And no-one but us cares, except in 20 years when no child has even seen a line of code because OSS gets wiped out as all PCs are replaced by mobile devices. (This is the reason I want this to succeed, and I want laptops to be certified FreeBSD compliant. It matters!) Anyway this is about market positioning, not OSS. So. Its a well-known truism that don't be in the middle of any market - you get squeezed from both ends. The emerging markets have adapted enormously well to only having SMS and no smartphones (see anyone in Mumbai). That is not going to go away, so the true bottom end of the market is SMS capable devices. They will probably just give them away. If Firefox OS says we are not as good as iOS then thay are squarely putting themselves in the middle of the market. Aim higher folks. The world is not segmented into feature phones and smartphones. It is segmented into one market "I want to use a networked mobile app to get laid or get cash." You will never be the bottom end - that belongs to sending cash by SMS, or selling your harvest with a text. So its the top of the market - what the cool kids have. And so, 1 & 2 might just be our saviours. Apple made a great new product that was catnip to the coolest kids in the West. Firefox OS is geeky cool - it might just appeal to the coolest kids not in the West. And they will want to buy the 'best' phone - aim high folks. I hope you succeed. Mozilla seem almost apologetic about Firefox OS. "aiming at middle market" "performs well on low end hardware" I think this is a mistake in positioning - this is still an expensive piece of hardware for most of the world (50 USD is not low-end if minimum wage in Brazil is 322 USD /mth) Instead this has the potential to be "the best" phone in most emerging markets - the most desireable OS, because it can appeal to the very same people who iPhone appealed to - the cool and influential geeks and designers. Shout from the rooftops guys, its high-end, high-value, cool. Let the network providers sort out how to put 50 USD worth of hardware into the hands of boys and girls in the favelas. Just make sure everyone wants one. And that means not apologetically aiming for the middle market. Aim higher. * http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_minimum_wages_by_countr... edit: this was an edit on my other post here, but it is so different in tone it just was better reposting. I mention it simply because the world still holds surprises for me - a new species of insect, there must be millions. But mammals? It's still an impressive planet I think that getting my cool, trend-leading designer friends is possible - apple is not undefeatable. And while google is not very evil, Mozilla is nearly saint-like in comparison. So, yes we do all live in the same global media village, but things will change. It will be harder to knock Apple off top spot in the US or UK because of the installed base. But the battle for hearts and minds is at the top of the market - if you dont compare yourself to apple, no one else will. I am a bit lost on the syntax, but its always good to check for division by 15 first . You have sort of caught that I think in 5 and not 3, but that just seems an odd idiom. The homepage shows a simple example in C. Oh, I used to use this on coding tests, the first guy who asked can I do it recursively in Scheme - I could have kissed him ! Its good to see you on here (I tend not to see authors of posts on HN - maybe its me) Fantastic work - and if you dont mind answering dumb questions, what device would you recommend getting if I fancy playing (B2G_build_prerequisites has a list of a few - but I have no idea how to be sure I get specifc models, or if I can buy an Otoro in UK. Basically, really horrible starting questions :-) Happy to be told just google harder Cheers I really struggle with that - it's the app that counts. Having a web browser is probably the main dividing line, but having sms networjs that really allow your business to trade over SMS means to me that the functionality counts - it would be nice to buy an iPhone but if a LCD SMS device will allow me to sell my goods each week, then high end and low end are far wider than we presume I really struggle with that - it's the app that counts. Having a web browser is probably the main dividing line, but having sms networjs that really allow your business to trade over SMS means to me that the functionality counts - it would be nice to buy an iPhone but if a LCD SMS device will allow me to sell my goods each week, then high end and low end are far wider than we presume I see simonh as a respected and long time member of HN and hope that my reply can be constructive and beneficial to that community. Anyway, my first home computer was a Sinclair zx80 that booted into a minimal shell and needed you to read the manual before anything worked. So to use a pc I was forced to program. And RTFM. But that was ok because there was a whole popular culture surrounding learning to use these new devices - I learnt basic and z80 assembler from magazines I bought in my small town newsagents, and watched prime time tv shows on using the BBC micro (way too expensive for us). In short the devices were unlocked, the culture was encouraging and the prevailing expection was the devices were to be used for programming and put no blocks in the way (other than it was a z80 with plastic keyboard) I cannot say for sure I would have found my way here otherwise, but it seems unlikely. So based on my one personal data point, I can say that a future where it is harder to program your devices to do what you want than it was for a kid in the 80's, is then likely to be a future that produces less programmers than my past. if that is FUD then I must accept that. I am trying to start a after hours coding club at my local school, my nephew gets put onto Mac's term everytime I go round. But a country where most of our children are discouraged from learning to program will be a future that our country is at a competitive dis-advantage. That does sound like FUD I admit. But it also sounds like logically inevitable FUD. Edit for clarity. It costs us $30,000 to $100,000 to replace a camera. What?! At those sort of prices, Big Brother will be Bankrupt Brother before 2012 becomes 1984. Really? I would think that you could have three cheap cameras running - the frame rates for each would be comparable and self-verifying. Lenses might be the most expensive component but as they shoot Hollywood movies on cameras you can buy in Jessops I suspect this is really a case of dividing the whole cost of a government dept by the (small) number of cameras. Bad accounting most likely if not - well an opportunity to disrupt ! Edit: to be fair it is probably expensive to dig a hole in a road, stick power lights and cable to it then put up a pole. But 100k? Prefer my bad accountancy or over priced theories 250fps seems pretty high for this use case a car doing 100kmh is about 30m per sec. Measured over 10m capture zone 24fps is more than adequate focal length, durability, weather proofing etc all seem more likely to be the cost - but really that's just housing. Do speed cameras really make that much money? Parking fines certainly do - the London borough of Westminster rakes in nearly 100m pa iirr over a couple of square miles. But speeding fines seem in the UK at least to be a tiny fraction of the annoyance of parking On a seperate note, would anyone actually visit a website that had a private non fine generating camera over the freeway you take to work, and would pop up the speed and time you passed when u enter a license plate just thought it might be a fun thing to learn opencv on - thoughts? Could you explain the 99designs reference I have looked into getting a professional designer for two sites now, instead opted for the faster route of buying a template and hacking next time out I want a human but why not 99designs? Hate to be pedantic about it but the oyster is a discount card (that everyone but tourists uses) - a single is really about 4 quid all zones And that is exactly why driverless buses on driverless bus lanes will wipe out commuter rail in 10-15 years. Perhaps the vast infrastrucutre, subsidies and resources could be repointed at really useful services, but some unions in some industries ( and the RMT is one) are so reactionary it gives Lenin a good name, and some management in some industries (and British railfranchisees are one) are so rabbit-in-headlights dumb and hemmed in by pensions regulations and on subsidies for life support that oh brother I throw my hands in the air and go looking for a cab +1 for launching an MVP I have a little experience of the "polishing of presentations" industry (if someone is in a bank in London at 2am, odds are its one of the army of powerpoint polishers working for the sales teams 9am meeting) The presentation here: http://kpcb.com/insights/2012-internet-trends covers most of the major "modes" for a PPT. I would suggest each of these is a "feature" that you could sell. I would guess your ideal brief would be "I want to review 2012, talk about the foobar project and predictions for 2013. Alice, Bob and charlie did one each. Please put a bookend in between all three, take the data in the enbedded excel and make it animated, and find me a picture of a foobar that succeeded and one that is dead and covered in an oil slick" * bookends (plain slide, concept in words, introduces next few slides conceptually) * Graphs - this was the main cause of problems - twenty excel sheets and the instructions to pull out "sales". I would make this time and materials, but it will be a really powerful area - the above example from one of SVs biggest investors has boring Excel produced slides. Animate them, hgihlight the graphs with zooms, make them OSX not win98 and people will really pay. Trust me. * expositiory images - pictures tell a story - the before and after images here are a good example, but they take time and effort to find. And thats before we get onto the idea that really most PPTs need an editor to tease out the story (dont let your 1:1 people get dragged into understanding the whole presentation unless they are on Time and Materials ), and interactivity (pygame is a good one here) really can work well. Sorry for the rambling - its late. Good luck No, it's not true programming computers is like writing stories, except the compiler for programming is a dumb CPU not a living human brain every human who has been appropriately taught has learnt to read and write. They can also learn to code. And pretty much the same proportion will make a living coding as do make a living writing stories. But the future of humanity will be immeasurbly enriched by all it's people able to express them selves in code, just as it has been enriched by it's people able to read and write. It will be a good future. Now stop wondering if we are special, and start worrying how we can make a world that is so rich, so peaceful that the worst horror it's children face is curly brackets. I think that this is confusing domain applications of concepts (algebra, abstraction in mathematics) and the same concepts in everyday speech. Everyone gets Proper nouns as variables and understands stories where the two people get their brains swapped. (Identity of objects as behaviour, memory addressing or duck typing) so, I think most people get writing and symbols involved and that stories carry most of the functions needed for even reasonably complex programming and that's without teaching children lisp from an early age What's a new function if not "have a bath" or "bathe quickly in the river" - apart from math specific definitions ? I think I agree, but that Every single person does not write for a living - although writing will at some point be an irreduciable part of their job, because widespread literacy is fantastically useful and value generating p That's it - for me the sound of one hand clapping now will always be heard at 52 Hz. That's made my day. :-) Hope Mr 52 Hertz Finds Mrs 52 Hertz soon. Cheers Everything breaks and nobody is upset because we have evolved eco-systems that are minimally resilient. And that is a good thing, and the right direction to go. @luu - no we cannot prove even a tiny fraction of what we want to work, will do so. And the best approach is how biology has done it - failover, resilience, creative destruction, etc etc and all those good things. I am often reminded by these sort of discussions of the anecdote of a Cabinet Minister chatting at the Russian Embassy in 1980. The senior Russian diplomat said "So, who is the person in charge of bread deliveries to London?" I think there is a insight hanging around here. This thread reminded me of the thread on 99designs, and the attitude of (some) designers towards a fairly "robust" contest format. The idea that a recruiter will "get to know you" and "deeply understand your needs" whilst still being on commission at another company is foolish. I think the OP is a bit confused - he seems to want things both ways - the faceless contest approach (where he sees the Twitter feeds and linkediN pages early) and some how also have the deep and meaningful (where the recruiter says you should meet this guy, and without looking at a twitter feed you trust the recrtuiter and set up the interview Either bring recruitment in house, and see it as long term nuturing of talent, or turn on a beauty parade and expect to do a lot of the weeding out of bad candidates yourself. Now, if I was paying a few hundred a month for the beauty parade, I suspect that would be fine. If I am paying 20K / hire I want the recrutier to send over Mr and Mrs right. Its that fact that recruiters are lining up beauty parades but charging for deep and meaningful that gets the ire of the OP up We have robots.txt, humans.txt, business.txt so whats wrong with jobs.txt Parseable, searchable, uptodate (one assumes, and can easily be deprecated) and simple to throw up a cottage industry around. Remember you are almost never rejected as over-priced the moment you mention money. for example, asked your rate, just double the amount you thought of. If you build in plenty of ceiling, you can have the other guy look like a negotiation genius to his boss, and you still have achieved your original goal. But don't ever just cut your rates, ask for something in return - IP rights to software, endorsements on your site, just don't cut your rates. (I have, I always regret it) PS I think tpateck has "don't cut your rates" as a tattoo. :-) PPS - getting something in return really makes the other guy look like a negotiating genius * Last big improvement to the state of the art, for the narrow art-field of B2B software companies: last gig,* Can I ask what the improvement was ? Reading this I think the CEO is only half of the problem - the board / ownership decided to give him a pay cut, then take pay from him entirely. Come on. If you don't trust someone enough that you cut their pay, then really you should just fire them and get someone else in - the mixed signals are what killed this place. I do not think Kickstarter projects can be viewed under legal framework of merchants and consumer protection. A project much more like an investment prospectus than it is a sales offering. So I would be interested in knowing if the SEC has already had a look at the Kickstarter legal setup, and if not, it may well be the next step (ie not suing Kickstarter, but refering them to SEC) The laws around prospectus and offerings are setup very explicitly to avoid your situaton 2) - so I would be very surprised if kickstarter projects are not somehow explicitly avoiding those regulations - or if they are in fact compliant It seems that, in @pg's terms, Hollywood intends to kill itself. Whatever pg meant by killing Hollywood, the BBC stands the best chance of convincingly creating a new platform - beyond passive video and phone-ins, into something that is experimental, MOO, and possibly Open. Don't move to Silicon Valley. Move to Shepherds Bush. Meeeahhh....(#) I still say its ownerships problem - Someone cuts my pay and still keeps me in post - its clear I am polishing up the CV. I have been under someone (C*O not CEO) in similar situation, they put brave face on it but by second day everyone had called them a lame duck (behind their back) and routed around them for 3 months. Hard to route around a CEO, but I suspect that the company was not setup to be the kind that could do dynamic routing. So Schumpter is just round the corner. Was not best of times and I suspect much worse in your case. (#) I am sure there are actual words I could use but caffeine / blood ratio is dipping. Edit: tidying up For those not familiar with the UK, magistrates are non-lawyers, and "upstanding members of community" who sit as judge / jury in lowest levels of UK court system. It simply "satisified my intellectual curiosity" to see what and who pass through our legal system - although the seeming prevalence of sexual offenders is a bit worrisome. Am I reading this wrong - out of 8,000 employees surveyed, no-one had more than 1/10th of 1% of equity. That's a nice pension contribution not an equity share. If you were in facebook at that level, you might get a house. But really why is that level of equity share of any influence in anyone's hiring equation? Or am I missing something? Luckily I own the patent on the business model of suing for infringing overly broad software patents. I want 10 billion from the folks suing Rackspace for patent infringement, for infringing my patent, of suing for patent infringement. Haircut is usually a term for taking a reduced return on an existing investment that is otherwise unlikely to pay off - for example many European banks have taken a haircut of upto 50% on Greek government bonds, otherwise the greek government would leave the Euro, default anyway and take its chances. Said haircut of course then stuffs their balance sheets, so they need bailing out, from for example Spainish government, which then cannot payout its loans and threatens a haircut to its investors. Who are the same damn banks it just bailed out. This leads to two situations - one ECB chief saying it will pay anything to anyone to stop this idiocy, just ask. And two, the philosophical approach to wealth "hair today, gone tomorrow" my apologies, too long on the internet you see, I was starting to hallucinate sexual offences online. Damn. Prior art. most founders are selfish morons compared to some of the people they hire later to make them rich. Lets hope there aren't many startup founders reading this forum - or they might get worried :-) Anyway, enough silliness, is it feasible to create an expectation or culture that rewards early hires in line with the (expected) drop in salary - the argument being that if I could earn 150K contracting for a year, but work for you at 50K, I should expect to garner 100K worth of equity. Or are we going to see a simple return to the basics of start-ups - it takes money to start a company. You need lots of it to hire good people. Or is it really feasible to do everything with three guys in a room? Or is it simply that heaving a compny into existence takes more than just technical know-how. it really is about hustle. I honestly doubt that start-ups that become profitable and breech the magic 1m /pa are purely taking the employees pay cuts and moving them around - I mean that money does not really exist. I think this speaks (good) volumes about you and your approach - without all the details you take the initiative. As someone currently using 99designs (booo!hiss!) to get a website relaunch off the ground. There are one or two designers who have actually, well, read the brief, who engage and listen to feedback intelligently. I will want to work with them again in different areas, and am happy to see they have got some portfolio beginning. Its the difference between asking permission and asking forgiveness. Yes, and it will radically change as the web stops being English / Latin alphabet dominated. Typography for Japanese characters is fascinating - three different languages almost, sitting in the same sentence, the cadence of language reflecting in the angles or spacing, the possibilities are an order of magnitude more complex than English - and an order of magnitude more rewarding. http://www.flickr.com/photos/esthet/3454734/ - beauty in calligraphy http://www.kfstudio.net/himaji/ - cute fontface for Kanji http://www.lukew.com/ff/entry.asp?111 - a good primer I was a bit reluctant to post this - it is not trolling, honestly. I am fascinated by the early Christian Church and its role in Rome. I am really not trying to start a flame war (if HN have those) over Jesus' religious status, but just to flag up there has been some interesting, but not definitive, movement on roles of women in early church and how their history got edited over time (esp near 365AD) Anyway, some links of interest http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gospel_of_Jesus%27_wife http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Karen_Leigh_King In expectation of link being dead before I type this :-0 Well, I suspect we shall see words entering our lexicon from China - every right thinking 人 would agree :-) I goram won't ! With all due respect, neither the designer, nor the client knows what the right copy and the right layout is. A/B testing does. The layout will be changed to accomodate the best conversion of customers to cash. Anything else is under-selling your client. In a free society, he is free to write as much as he likes and you are free to neither read nor reply to it. The base of his argument is offending a persons preferences is not sufficient to self censor ones own actions - and I agree. I also agree where he said any legal start up is fine and free of guilt - but don't worry I would be behind any start up or government initiative that gave away heroin to Junkies. The so called British System worked very well for many years, until the Puritan guilt pressure ended it in spite of empirical evidence that harm reduction did in fact reduce harm so convert your start up to social entrpreneur status, and go make something to be proud of the only reason to feel guilty is to have talent to create and not do so. I am a big proponant of nationalising the services that should be - see the total farce over UK rail networks for example. I strongly suspect most countries will put in place some forms of regulation or nationalisation over IP connectivity to the house - but once connected the very DNA of the Internet means that such monopolies are as trivially bypassable as any service provider has ever been. Myspace is probably the best counter example to this threat there can be. And it also cost Rupert Murdoch 1/2 billion so there was a silver lining. Walmart probably has more actionable data - from those purchases of condoms by a married man who did not last year, to the purchases of pregnancy tests of the woman who curiously appears just after him at the till register on lunchtimes. Add in the bottles of wine and the alka seltzer the day after, the purchase of womans underwear in sizes too big for his wife but the same size as his boxers, and the bra that won't fit his girlfriend but will fit has 42" shirt size there is a lot out there that is not parseable from photos even with gis data embedded why do you think fb wants us to "share" our shopping data If it's a website that makes money there is time and budget for a/b testing if it does not make money how is there budget for professional designer and copywriters? Edit It's late, that post is more aggressive than I meant it to be and so, I apologise for snapping at you, I would like to suggest you have a look at @patio11's blog Kalzumeus if you want to be bludgeoned with AB test positivity, and bid you goodnight But seriously, AB test your designs - in fact I might suggest that designers who offer a design-and-test service would make more cash and more leverage in negotiations than not now there is an interesting counter to 99designs Err - the British system was a compromise where it wa legal for doctors to prescribe herion to patients under their care - ie junkies, so they stopped petty crime to feed their habit and started getting some strucutres back in their lives so I was in favour of that system, and think it ethical to look to harm reduction as opposed to all out prohibition. Which I think means we agree - but maybe not. I am not too sure As someone interested in making documentaries on a shoestring - I think it is an intereting educational and interview tool - are there specific products you would point me at, community film groups - are they any good? Just basic 'mistakes not to make' list would be very appreciated - top of the list is which camera to (not) get and whether OSS can handle non linear editing edit : and, rude of me not to ask first time, do you have links to any of your 9(!) feature films - would be interested and the hackernewser links don't seem to take me there. Agreed - But is it feasible to put this into our own server and link in from say the readme (is there anything user generated on profile (on iPhone now)) it's not a great solution but hack away till Preston-Warner gets the feedback I say - if there is a readme on profile I might try it Only if that less code and less design expresses more I agree the loss of who works on what is poor - but it's always been hard to tell mine vs yours - I am a bit annoyed but on mature reflection I want to give them the benefit of the doubt and see them iterate out That's a shame :-). But thanks for the great overview - will see how we go! You can choose to pay with cash. You can choose to not surf with cookies or use Facebook. You can choose not to buy, with cash or not, trackable devices like cameras, phones, video games But people do not choose these things en mass The issue lies in how we regulate - I believe any form of tracking or surveillance on or offline should be required to produce raw near real time feeds. There is no reasonable way we can regulate without knowing what is being collected - and becoming outraged by it's collection. Either these should be restricted by identifiable people or published if unidentifiable. I want my purchase history from wal mart This is I think the crux of the problem. Most of us live in the large intersection of legal and ethical. Some exist, like Greenpeace perhaps, in the ethical if not always legal. i suggest the British System sits there too. But we argue here not over what is legal but what is ethical. Many things are agreed upon worldwide as unethical, rape murder etc. But a whole raft of other issues are ethical preferences - selling mortgages to high risk payers with two year low rates. It's legal. It may be ethical. Do you agree? Btw I used legal there as the usual, large intersection meaning, as I think most of us do in daily lives I was just about to quote that fantastic series ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086831/quotes ). Then I Watched again and yes... But ... This feels like the behavioural economist trick - getting people to behave morally or not in dividing up a pot of money. It turns out that people have comfort zones, areas of expertise where they are good at applying their skills and moral compasses. So in the economists trick, taking people out of the lab and making moral decisions at work they become more comfortable and less liable to change their minds I suspect that if you asked a Palestinian aid worker just back from gaza their views and then bait and switched them, you might find they spot the move ! I also suspect the same person could be tricked over the morality of sugar tarrif duty in the US and Iowas farmers. Is it me or is individual salting rather redundant. I can see why using one salt forevermore is rubbish but if I salt a different user with a different lt each time, but I need to keep that salt in plaintext next to the hash. Making the whole salting thing a bit redundant if I get a linked in style loss I certainly see a benefit in padding out user passwords to say 128 bits each time, combined with crypt it will slow down any mass brute force /rainbow attack. Pre-edit edit: I just answered my own question did I not. +1 - You made something. Welcome to the show. I always tell (told) my juniors that Google telling you the answers is not as likely to be remembered in 6 weeks as the answer you found for yourself. And the debugging, test routines you had to write to figure it out will help next time Damn it I came to make exactly the same comment. Writing English stories is just aiming at a different compiler in someone else's head. Sort of - I had always thought of a salt as another password - something to keep secret so that if the dbase of hashes was lost, there was an "unknown" component that would take an age of searching to find. This logic is clearly flawed - if they have the dbase they presumably have everything. So I now understand more clearly - salts are there to 1. pad out the plaintext to increase time to compute 2. convert plaintext from commnly used words (pass1) to unique plaintext, reducing the ease of cracking multiple passwords. In short, salts help slow down the attacker when he has all your hashes. Just like bcrypt et al. And he was enlightened... Ok, I am defintiely interested in recording interviews (videoing them is a plus) - and at the risk of HN wrath, here goes with the hardware questions: what makes a good microphone, why go wireless (I can guess) and I would assume I just plug into the 3.5mm jack on the side of my laptop - and hit record - why is that a bad idea? The point I was making was that with electronic transactions, discovering or infering information about a person from their purchases has just as much value as say working out someon is gay from their friends list or choice of netflix. Use cash. But be aware it is slowly but surely becoming a ghetto. I assume we are not talking Thoroughbred horses here? I do not want to risk another "oh HN is becoming Reddit" discussion, but could we focus on the reasons why one of the worlds largest sports organisations does not want its fans to see a wideshot of a pitch and how on earth they think wifi enabled phones, 3D cameras and 10billion channels will do to their reasoning in 5 years? I doubt they sit around writing all day - but I am darn sure they do compiler anaylsis of the human brain. Firstly there are some simple issues that most international companies are very tax "efficient" - paying their alloyed fair share would drive most of the Fortune 500 into the red this year I am not saying that's a bad thing but it is a hard thing Secondly allocation of resources is soluble. - one example would be an international agreement to pool all taxes and share out to countries in proportion to employees per country, but in the end companies pay how much we are willing to let them get away with. Partly poetic license - my apologies. The nearest I can find is http://www.uspirg.org/reports/usp/representation-without-tax... citing 18% paid on expected taxes of 35%. Which makes an extra 220 bn - almost double. Given that the avg net margin is 6.3% (see below) doubling the effective tax rate would cause significant issues - but I need more data Plus 1 for calling me out http://seekingalpha.com/article/428181-debunking-s-p-500-p You'll get my cash as soon as I get into work. A brilliant use for gittip - and a brilliant service from readthedocs Please drop me a line for some corporate sponsorship talks too - would be interested my details on my profile. Cheers These people were incorporation agents - they had shopfronts and tend not to run (much) But it is possible they are running honeypots; but rather unlikely However we need to do it, we need to get the smart money on Wall Street back to thinking about ways to use their capital to help start and grow companies. This is the meat and potatoes quote. Founder Visas, Ycombinator, Disrupt, the death of VCs, the new VCs, all of these do shout that someone has dropped the ball, and a new breed of investors have picked it up. I still look at Prof. Sadoway and think how will he get the investment he wants from US markets. Its either VCs, Green Funds or soverign funds making all the running - the business of creating new businesses seems to have fallen out of favour. Proof - none that you can speak of, except for my bones. I think everyone supports market making. And market makers should take a reward for holding onto a stock (even for a short period of time) But the benefits of market making tail off with frequency - would you mind waiting another hour for a deal at 518 or even a whole day? To a trader its unacceptable, to an investor, its a coffee break. But what drives HF trading is trading - as markets become more efficient trading opportunities, as you point out, vanish. So smaller amounts of arbitrage need to be leveraged with larger amounts of cash to get the same return. We want nice safe retail banks who make a tiny fraction on the movement of wages from company to employee to shops each year, and bundle it all up into mortgages and ATMs. They keep society oiled By the same token we (society) wants nice safe boring market makers. Who efficiently take a tiny fraction of each trade and keep liquidity in the markets for investors. I cannot prove it but the amount of margin gained for investors who hold for >1 year through the existence of HF trading is probably small - you can now get 515 offered quickly. 5 Years ago? 520? If that would have prevented you investing, maybe it was the wrong company. Firstly I am not a fan of the term buying liquidity - I prefer injecting liquidity or extracting liquidity. In exact also but at least gives the one sided nature of the deal secondly I also dislike the justification that HFT is ok be ause it is Market making. I see it as a form of Market making trying to capture the equivalent of the consumer surplus - I was quite happy to sell my shares at 505 and old boring mRket maker would turn and sell them at 510 tomorrow - but HFT nips in buys from me at 504 and old Market maker has to take them at 506 no real liquidity has been added to the Market in that situation - a deal was ready and raring to be done and another just reduced margins. Not bad, ethically fine but not actually adding much to the system thirdly I dislike broccolli Yes, the HFT assumes the risk, for it is acting as a Market maker. My point was that there already was a Market maker there - another is not more liquidity. Liquidity is a binary term IMO. Having two Market makers in same product does not make more liquidity it just makes liquidity cheaper. That might benefit the seller but makes no difference to the exchange function in the comics, when Superman is protecting Metropolis and Supergirl turns up, she cannot do anything the Man of Steel could not do - she just looks better in tight blue Lycra. Kudos for your recipie. Edit removed my dumb, knee jerk, unappetising broccolli recipie/comment on state of English cooking in my childhood. Nevermind. My view (possibly wrong, it has been known) is that liquidity need only be provided by one party. A competitive Market in liquidity has minimal benefits it is unimportant if the Market maker holds for 1 pixo second or one month - what matters is that someone is there to trade. Now HFT is at a disadvantage as they have less scope to make their spread (essentially the other side must already be in the Market) but that's where if all other Market makers disappeared (and the stock slowed down) HFTs must become LFTs and hey presto are indistinguishable from the old style Market maker yes there is a price point issue but most buyers really have a range they will buy at so more precisely I am conjecturing that there are minimal benefits to an exchange to having more than one Market maker at a given stock within a given price range. How to provethat - not sure If you walking into the saloon ready to play poker the proper way (you know, 5 cards, held in your hand) and every game at every table is mucking around with Texas Hold 'em, it's no good saying you know the real value of poker - even if you are right, and value is written into your spreadsheet. Never ignore Keynes' rule - the markets can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent. So, is "b) reaching all the people in the Market" a function of converting a decentralised market to a centralised model? Facebook is a successful startup because it took a decentralised model (talking to your friends) and centralised it. Barbers are decentralised - but after I build a robo-barber for every home, then suddenly one company can cut everyones hair. So is it possible that growing a startup fast is about increasing the slope between a decentralised (diffuse players, low margins) and a centralised model. I suspect there are good counter examples but really startups that grow fast seem to optimise for one central point for doing what they do - dropbox, airbnb readthedocs That's the same thing ... An extra Market maker provides no benefit apart from being able to easily prevent there being no Market maker Anyway makers have specialisms and get advantages from the exchange - they are not supposed to just bugger off home cos it's Tuesday I second that one - I have been feeling, well, second class for not making the leap family and all. Well I am - just not the growth startup, just the get rich, slowly startup. Fingers crossed for you With zero Market makers, the exchange cannot guarantee I can walk in and sell at a reasonable price in a reasonable time. With one Market maker the exchange can do so and so it benefits from being a effective place to trade - this is a huge advantage over any other exchange With a second Market maker, the exchnage gain is I believe orders of magnitude lower. Almost any Market maker is forced to maintain sensible spreads (else it is worth trading without them) so just one Market maker will offer expensive but not outrageous spreads. A second one brings only the benefit of slightly cheaper, which coma red to the benefits from the first are negligible What - really double taxed ? Do you mean dividends are paid out of post tax cash, then taxed as income for the stockholder? Just wondering http://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/aw/d/0521663504 functional data structures - how to bend your brain in a functional world - nearly twenty years old. Still have to take a run up to read it Completely agree - code quality depends on code review and the belief you should not foist rubbish on others - and that is almost always down to culture and comms Thank you, and you have just reminded me why I am liking the explosion of no-SQL stores - we have for a very long time been storing all our data in one factory design, with one, really flexible and powerful layout. Being able to have a red black factory is rather nice. Although it does mean we now need to think carefully about what factory we shall need before even starting. And accepting occasionally moving the while factory three blocks over, during prodction Thank you, and you have just reminded me why I am liking the explosion of no-SQL stores - we have for a very long time been storing all our data in one factory design, with one, really flexible and powerful layout. Being able to have a red black factory is rather nice. Although it does mean we now need to think carefully about what factory we shall need before even starting. And accepting occasionally moving the while factory three blocks over, during prodction I love meny too, but fokus is not working at all on iOS - then again I have no idea of the js model on iPad. Overall I think these just point to firefox os and chrome os as becoming the whole experience for most devices most ofbthe time. I mean I am on paper an IT professional at the cutting edge. Most of my domestic surfing is on iOS devices in e kitchen. It is only frustrating 1/10 times I don't mean to be disparaging but I am lost trying to understand the tool. I can see it is cool, and am fascinated by the different project styles (the tight development of git versus drupal or RoR is clearly indicative of something) But... How do you use that? Once you start looking at s specific function, then you need to read that function, not see a prefix It may be me but I just don't get it But I don't see why it's a time based animation. The stats you just mentioned seem impossible to pick from the demos. From logs and summary yes but the demo is just ... Pretty Plus one for the rubber duck analysis. Of course anyone remote working has problems trying to do this in Starbucks. Coca-cola, along with pretty much every brand, pays quite a lot to have it's product on the shelves or on display ends. Pissed off or not, supermarkets are being paid to position it. And usually paid for prime real estate. This is probably more appropriate over at stack overflow - there is a lot of intelligent discussion on just these subjects. I would have more than just one end to end test - if it fails how do you know where? is he a bot - not quite the same printf each time but its triggered by amazon searchable names in the title afaics Wow, does 240 people even count as a sample. At Yahoo and Google log sizes its probably the error from cosmic rays in the data center. recalling that it’s only by stepping briefly away from my wife and bosses and friends that I’ll have anything useful to bring to them. That is deeply true. I picked my 3 year old son up from school two weeks ago, and sat on a bench in a churchyard near the school. Normally we rush through there hurrying to a playdate or just giddy on scooters with friends. But this time we sat, ate a sandwich and stopped. I pointed out the bird song and it was like a different world for him - the church had become something new, an extra layer to the world. I won't try to hold him back from the giddy rush of three wheeled scooters and playground running. But I must try to just show him some stillness - perhaps a little more often too. It's the 15 mins you will remember. He, on the other hand, remembers Dad going all funny because of a bird. Parents ! :-) As someone who signed up to coursera stats 101, err... Why 40%? The essence of the (flawed) argument Jacques is making is in his passport section I need permission from my government if I want to leave the country. Oddly, that's not true. A passport is necessary to get into a country, not leave one. The distinction is subtle but important. You can if you wish as an adult, leave the country you are in, and if they will let you in, enter another with a different set of obligations. At worst you can just bob around the Atlantic in a bath tub for a bit. The whole set of complaints boil down to, are there other countries which have a better setup than the country I am in? Can I go now? The answer for anyone in the West is of course, not such that you would notice. And yes, no-one is stopping you. (But I would not recommend the bathtub option) Edit: I just realised that it could read as "well if you dont like it F off." It honestly was not meant like that - but its hard to reword the whole comment now. Yes, Medicine is not performing as well as it could do. But it is a million times better than medicine circa 1263 AD I am reminded of the Google logo "Don't be evil". I always heard that and wished that I really was living in a world where evil was defined as monopolistic business practises and bad UI, instead of rape, genocide and torture. I respect Ben Goldacre, and I understand the need for a little hyperbole. But forcing pharma and regulators to publish all trials, and fund independant on-the-job training will not lead to order of magnitude changes. Its an evolution not a revolution. Some day someone will find cancer's penicillin. They will probably have been badly funded, and roundly ignored by the rest of Chinese medical establishment (!) and none of the prescriptions in Ben's book will have helped. I would liken this to the car industry - If the world has not invented the internal combustion engine that is not something changing regulation will fix. Ensuring that after it is invented, the industry is honest, accountable and constantly pressured to improve - that is fixable. Welcome to Nader-hood Dr Goldacre. I would like to claim poetic license, plus, lets face it, we labelled out of control bacterial growth as many different diseases till we had a single medicinal approach. As a tentative example, Mina Bissell's theory on micro-environment supporting cancer growth indicates a penicillin style solution would fit her category of cancer. Please don't take this as "all cancer researchers are fools looking in the wrong direction, I know better, join Scientologists" but my utterly uninformed gut reaction is that the different cancers all have such common and overlapping indicators (uncontrolled cell growth, basically) that there being multiple different root causes that all trigger the same feature seems, unlikely without other factors. We may spend a long time treating the different cancers differently according to which is most effective. But saying that such commonality does not or even cannot have a common cause seems too early. I will of course defer to anyone who knows of better (hell, any) evidence to tear down my layperson POV. I quite agree and beleive that we should have all trials published openly. I think Goldacreas book is a good salient point in a tidal change coming. I am hopeful. However my point was that the hyperbole was a little too much - Goldacre has a difficult tightrope to walk - to stir people up enough that he (sells books and) convinces them action is necessary, and yet does not actually go over the top and accuse a generally beneficial-to-society pharma industry of being one step above arms dealers. I think he will pull it off and look forward to putting it on my Xmas reading list. Yeah, loads of teams I know need Group Therapy. :-) More and more I realise that great software comes out of teams that work well together, talk about the code daily and most importantly want each other to succeed. Code reviews might be a way to encourage that. But there is an honesty needed. Its often called a "collegiate" atmosphere - usually its based on the idea that everyone around the table has earned the right to be there, they all know and respect that, and importantly no-one can simply fire them or ban them arbitrarily - then you start to see honesty in code and discussions VCs should expect and build in at least two "money problem" liquidation events. The first, smallest is to give the founders enough to buy a house. The second, if they really believe a billion dollar exit is on the cards is to hand founders millionaire status, and all their early employees a house. People aren't fools. At twenty years old anyone can live on Ramen and dreams. At thirty ensuring your wife and baby have a roof puts stress on a founder that will easily out weigh almost anything competitors can do. If VCs want big returns, pony up halfway through, or lose. Call it mid-air refuelling. Presumably the same thing that prevents them starting the start up in the first place. Which is either they aren't capable (call that the nasty hypothesis), or they know to spread their bets over many founders. VCs commonly do oust founders, rather than buy outs (presumably it's cheaper) That's a remarkably clear and sensible strategy - I am glad you posted it. Also it gives a lie to the 1 winner, 2 profitable 7 busts theory of VCs I had heard from some bloke in a pub twenty years ago. What I meant was that if a founder spends say 3-5 years building up a start up to get to series A (The first VC round), and they do not get any liquidity out from the round they are just going to turn off. If you are still living on ramen after 10 or even 5 years, its your psychology that is driving you, not a well rounded approach to business. BTW, house prices are mostly insane, but they are insane because we cannot design cities right, and almost everyone wants to live in a city. (Or more accdurately have the amenities of a city) I think this is something pg recommends, but a lot of these things fall into my mental "just in time" bin - when I am looking for VC funding, I will look up the reference. I cannot believe that a world-wide bubble-like increase in house prices over the past four decades is down to back-handers to planning committees at golf clubs, in Spain, Crimea, Italy, Wisconsin and London. I think simply that there are an awful lot of people who want to live where the jobs are. In cities. And there are few nice places in cities, partly because that is the nature of the urban beast, but mostly because we design cities badly. Cities can be badly affected by poor planning decisions - and those are driven more often by lack of regulation than active corruption. I mean many cities are blighted by 1960s tower blocks and concrete jungles. Those were not put up by corruption - they were active policy. The wrong policy but still not corrupt, just f'ing stupid short sighted and moronic. not bitter How do you find the time? This is actually a serious question - for the various makers on HN, is it sacrificing other things, older (or no) children, flexible jobs, independant income. Or just really awesome time management? I would like to know so either I stop beating myself up for bad time management, or improve it.