I've played gloomhaven on it a few times. There's a plug-in that sets everything up for each scenario. It's not quite as easy as in person gloomhaven+gloomhaven helper, but it's pretty close "But its findings were wrong. Very wrong. And not just due to its questionable ethics or lack of concrete data — but because of deceit." https://www.vox.com/2018/6/13/17449118/stanford-prison-exper... The US isn't a democracy. Check the results of the 2016 election if you don't believe me.... You won't do any better than that. I think you've peaked. Interesting. From your link: Although few details of his life are known, he is regarded as one of the leading scientists in classical antiquity. This is what hysteria looks like. What a stupid fucking century. By 2016, we knew "Now they’re almost gone." was wrong.kinda hard to read the rest when the starting thesis is wrong. (I had no idea the British pronounced "pews" and "poos" identically, btw. Presidente for Life Xi must be horrified.) You only say that because you are desperate to believe there's more to politics than a villainous will to power Did i misread the article? It seems it only counts assembly workers. Shouldnt the costs for sales and marketing, management layers, store janitors, etc. also be included in variable capitol and the stores and buildings housing them in constant capitol (pro rata) Something has to be defamatory and expressed orally for it to be slander. Apparently, all the labeling should have been around libel. I am having trouble adjusting to a reality in which I am the first to express this quibble. https://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/libel-vs-slander-dif... I went with a 90-year-old. Our wait was in a car with a nurse nearby. It also comes from Parkinson's Law: give a full-time employee only one thing to do and it will become a full time job, even if it could be done more expeditiously. It also comes from systems. They function to expand themselves, not to serve the purpose for which they were created. Some people can rid themselves of type 2 diabetes by losing weight, and obesity is a known risk factor for getting it in the first place. The tree-based approach works better with paper documents Or not. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tax_inversion#:~:text=The%20... . "Up until this point in history, the stock market has never been negative over the course of a ten-year timespan" that's true if you ignore inflation. In real dollar terms, accounting for inflation, you have to wait nearly 20 years--but only 4 times in the last 140 years. https://www.multpl.com/inflation-adjusted-s-p-500 It would get there quick enough in the United States if it followed the trajectory of their income tax Oh the horses of Szegad! That the series of their surety converges to 99.9%? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Almost_convergent_sequence My grasp of this advanced math relinquished long ago so I'm still not sure what it means. Lies, damn lies, ... It's not as bad as that graph makes it look. Last April, all the money that was in savings and money market accounts seemingly got transferred to the m1. "...the modification of Regulation D in late April has effectively rendered savings accounts almost indistinguishable from checking accounts from the perspective of depositors and banks. Accordingly, the composition of M2 between M1 and non-M1 components conveys little economic information." https://fredblog.stlouisfed.org/2021/01/whats-behind-the-rec... I imagine the temperature probably doesn't vary enough for a 1k household size area to allow for only 75% turning on the AC when it hits 32C I'm confused about the use of gender. Does it mean chromosome? Xx, xy, xxy,? Or how one socializes? We shouldn't separate by gender (which is irrelevant for sport performance using the "identify as" definition), but should simply use testosterone level: low, medium, high, based on highest level tested. It is really humid in Houston so 78F without some form of cooling is pretty uncomfortable. Plus, I bet they're used to keeping it at 70... Similar? https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.08.06.21261707v... There are few things more hurtful than someone telling you they prefer the company of Canadians. "As as for poetry, this is my argument for UBI. Go for it, IMO, poetry has societal value." I am a poet on the dole. I tell you, it is good for the soul. I forego prosody for perspicacity, smoke your weed and blow profundity. You could be me if you dared. Give poet your tax money, you declared. Case in point: On Jan 6, NPR published an article with a 10AM headline and timestamp about the upcoming Trump rally. Later in the day, they changed the headline to be something like "Insurgents invade Capital building", but did not change the 10AM timestamp up top. One had to read the article to find the update timestamp. Newsmaxx, and thus many if its viewers looked at the headline and headline timestamp and trumpeted "how did they know?! It's a conspiracy!" I had to look into the wayback machine to see the original headline to show to a relative who'd bought the Newsmaxx narrative. I'm not sure they totally believed or even understood what I was telling them, but I am certain it raised some doubt. All of that would was unnecessary, if only NPR had done proper change management on its articles. Are you thinking of the Hospital in Houston that fired staff for not getting vaccinated? Shouldn't have been to remove that army from the country of Korea? "proves" --that word doesn't mean what you think it means. The authors apparently didn't know about sturgeon's law Inflation used to include house prices until the 1980s where they wanted to quell inflation. An easy way to do it was to change the definition. Now, it includes something called owner equivalent rent, to include both rent and owning a house. The intent is to include a house prices in inflation indirectly. As a recent measure, https://calculatedrisk.substack.com/p/measuring-rents I thought it was a cute intentional typo Why specify non-currency? Doesn't Bitcoin provide a more convenient/less expensive way to send money between countries (or both). Those are pretty powerful uses. (I don't know money laundering and drug dealing are still more convenient in Bitcoin) "I married you for better or worse but not for lunch" Not sure who said it first. Small federal government. For some reason (1), small State government seems to be a entirely different concept. (1)I'm guessing the bribe money is better that way The first version I heard was maths professors becoming plumbers Monogamous for whom? Muslims hardly revere monogamy, though they draw the line at tetragamy for most. Sigh. I thought this would be about hair styles. Like Orlando. "Scientists who search for Planet Nine estimate that its mass is several times bigger than Earth’s... " So no. It won't be a dwarf planet. Almost all LPs were designed to be played in random order to the extent that the technology allowed. Anybody who's ever looked at LPs notices that there are smooth orbits between songs. That's so you can pick up the needle and move it to whatever song you want to. That does not mean that artists don't want you to listen to songs in order, but it also means that you can just listen to the song you want when you want. In the CD era, it meant that you didn't have to listen to 12 tracks of dross to get to the one good song the artist put on the album to sell it. I bet they had a big stack of 45s! Them: "I will only need 20 minutes for this. " Me: "I only need a few seconds. Either you are more perceptive than anyone else I've ever met or you or as arrogant as anyone I've met. Either way I'm not a good fit. Thank-you and good luck in your search!" IIRC, the facts have shown MBTI to be hokum Since education in the classics is nearly non-existent: https://youtu.be/kx_G2a2hL6U "Remember what punishments befell us in this world when we ourselves did not cherish learning nor transmit it to other men." "promote equity, inclusion, electrification," EIE is not enough; we demand DIE: " deuterium, inclusion, electrification"! I often get more out of the comments here than I do the article. I am grateful for HN, and you, though I do have other sources. My stomach turned at the euphemisms for assault with a deadly virus. I guess it's along the lines of minor attracted person. Ironical that a story touting how a miracle product was given away for free is not itself free. Value changes over time, sometimes quickly, sometimes slowly, but the value of a thing or service is not constant. There is a remedy, of course, but you may not appreciate the side-effects Firefox and brave worked fine for me on my phone. Maybe you're the victim of a bad device? Any thoughts on the color selection? Maybe the author could read Bertrand Russell's thoughts on motivation. Rivalry is a good, but not the best, motivator... I got chills when I read about the protagonist being too fearful of the wrath of the mob to publish his theory until after he got tenure. Reminded me of the quip that science advances one gravestone at a time. Glad someone caught it :) My preferred pronoun is "the majestic one with no time for the nonsense of gendered pronouns". It cannot be combined in a plural; I stand alone. "Autistic individuals are, on average, more consistent, less biased, and more rational than non-autistic individuals in a variety of contexts. (We use identity-first language, eg, ‘Autistic people’, as it is preferred by many people on the autism spectrum.)" Hmmm. What are they implying by that parenthetical comment placement? What would be even less fun in many places is to do the same thing with the cost of having someone else pump the gas for you. Citations? (I recall reading an article claiming this is what happened to the middle class about a decade ago, but I don't remember where or how trustworthy. It's hard to reconcile with the real lack of increase in real wages.) "shirt sleeves to shirt sleeves in three generations" All fluff, no stuff "ol' seven fingers" means "son, go to college." I'm pretty sure all non-profits are in the business of obtaining money. The most extrapunitive, other-blaming, people I know are sociopaths so I'm going with the latter explanation. Why not Autonomy, Mastery, Purpose? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drive:_The_Surprising_Truth_... How things have changed! Didn't we just see a white guy display as a black lesbian to get job offers? The author lost me at the capital T. "Focusing on weight—or health behaviors—puts the burden on the individual, deflecting attention from the more pernicious problem: systemic injustice." Sounds like when I was a kid and said "the devil made me do it". Taking responsibility for our (in)actions is a necessary prerequisite for being an adult. Some data points: the FIRE movement. How many people have quit working as soon as they are able? It is essentially the same question and the answer appears to be quite a few, with a few odd people who are unable to do nothing. My Kenmores from 1990 are still going strong. 2013 is still infancy. Or if they also added all the territories and extreme rendition sites! I think it's the natural consequence of several generations of telling kids their special and not curbing a child's natural self-centeredness. The comment above this is from CS Lewis. The contrast in morality is pungent. Are you referring to the qualified cis bipoc male who is being redlined? Sex vs gender is a legit disambiguation. Based on the recent post of a guy who said he represented as a black lesbian woman on his resume to get a job, verification is also legit. (There was also a recent study that said that 30% of Whites misrepresented their race on their college application.) I took the letter words from the enable2k word list, and calculated the letter frequency. It is not the same as it is for all English words. Doing a similar analysis on the enable2k word list comes up with a slightly different order: s e a o r i l t n d And with the actual word list from the game, e a r o t l i s n c "*years ago when I was young and foolish about surveillance" So I guess now they is just foolish? Like tobacco, sugar, whisky, and caffeine, brussel sprouts, cod liver oil, ... You're saying Gemini is the Judean People's Front? A difference without a distinction? It's a crime to vote in many countries without an id. From the paper We show that there exists a constant α = 1.942±3×10−3 such that Q(n) = ((1 ± o(1))ne^−α)^n Dunno what o(1) is. The human is not to scale if that's the Webb telescope. My 3a xl battery is at 91% design capacity(1), 3385 mAh, and is still utterly sufficient and far better than any other phone I've had. Hardly death's door... (1)As measured by Accubattery just now Nah. That's merely good work. STS-107-Space Shuttle Columbia, that's checkmate. As do scuba divers My brother is a dyslexic programmer and I had a coworker who was also for several years. They didn't have much trouble with code, but reading specs was a pain. I learned shorter sentences and more whitespace between them helped. And, of course, brevity. Have you seen the price of timber lately? (I know a family that opened a concrete plant in 2016. They are now multimillionaires whereas before they were scrambling to keep afloat) Mostly a vacation is not completely a vacation! How are the activities you listed a meta game instead of just a regular game with no Greek prefix? Thanks. I thought the game was ego satisfaction. 6.5 m across 5 hexes. The human is maybe 1.25 hexes tall. About 1.6m or 5'3". That's a dry short adult human. In summary: racism and slavery aren't the answers to all historical questions. Iirc, most of the immigrants of the 1800s came from northern Europe. Most will be happier with a similar climate. The growth of the South East didn't really take hold until air conditioning was popularized in the 1950s. Racism is endemic throughout North America (especially if you consider indigenous/native, or Irish a race). Slavery enabled larger farms in the inhospitable climate of the southeast and caribbean, but the existence of slavery there did not magically suppress immigration, the climate and subsequent economy did. I would guess based on what little I know of human history that it's a human trait but the response bwas focused on immigration to the US Given the large protests against desegregation in schools in Boston Mass, the formation of ethnic gangs in NYC, etc. I'd say you are very wrong. Your link is to episode #835 which I didn't see in the removed list. When someone in the 46% get a phone and want to get rail tickets, should they be have to crawl to the station and pay by cash because not everyone can use the phone app or afford crutches? TL;DR: That voice in your head saying gimme sugar? It's coming from your gut. Now for some ice cream. We are taught not to assail someone's feelings. It's much easier to criticize someone's conclusions. At least, that what I feel. The reason for shotgun houses in New Orleans is that the French property tax was created in the age of reason: The primary cost of the property to the govt was linear road length (later sewer, water, electrical, gas, postal, etc.) so that's how they were taxed (yes, there are other reasons for the architecture, but taxes drives a lot) Some study that came out a few years ago showed that cities lose money on the richer properties but recoup it in the denser, poorer areas. Not very reasonable. TL;DR: Most psych research results are garbage. Some make millions for the authors. Here's yet another example. Rules for thee... It was a Samsung patent. Only the document was hosted by Google Just thank them for the time but you have selected another position. Don't explain unless they hire you as a management coach. Is your anger petty and spoiled? In absolute terms, yes, obviously. E.g., I regularly saw a guy working at a rental car desk and commented on his always sunny disposition. He said he came to the country* with the promise of an IT job but it was a lie. Now, he can't get out and his boss told him to always smile or he'd be jobless (and thus homeless with a high likelihood of starvation). Are you Spoiled, Petty? Yes, but many of us are. Doesn't mean you should take the job. Just be grateful for your circumstances. *I won't divulge the country. Don't bother guessing. It's not the *ism, it's the people. Iirc, lots of paper money was only as good as the company that printed it The demographic data, which you can pretty easily look up, is pretty clear on that. Women started joining the workforce dramatically in the '70s. What happened in the '90s was the death of manufacturing. One thing to remember when looking at manufacturing capacity in the United States is that it's somewhat skewed. For instance, when a CPU doubled its speed, the US government decided that we had doubled our manufacturing capacity. I don't know what other interesting if you points have skewed the data. I call Bull... Non replicability on this one. Maybe half the guys have heard or seen femtosecond, but I don't believe if you polled a random sampling of men that they would know off the top of their head what its actual duration is. Died in Feb 1994 Inflation is great for people and companies with fixed rate debt. I'm sure that the prospect of increasing personal and corporate wealth has nothing to do with the motivations for wanting more inflation though. Certainly an unusual number of incredibly fit Football players (>1), and an incredibly number (0) of American Football players. IMO, Carter is the 2nd best ex-President of the United States. (Washington is 1st because he was the first ex-President) What he said was: get rid of the people who are not interested in making the Firefox browser better. Get rid of the distractions. Focus on the browser. Well, die is the singular. USD 300 million more in aid is hardly just sanctions. Even Germany is sending munitions now They had them, but gave them up for certain assurances iirc I love all the racism/ethnicism. Anglo-Saxons vs Russians. Geez. To Whoopi, it's just white folk killing each other. How are we here in the 21st Century? A big difference is that by and large, Ukraine has won the narrative. There are no "Ukrainian artillery: go fuck yourself" stories. There's also no barely veiled threats by the US that we would nuke Iraq or Afghanistan etc. nor drop the ISS on them. Or to remove the democratic government... Easily avoided the reconstitution of Mother Russia? How? By killing Putin? Not so easy, I think. To put this in perspective: how many million pounds are you pledging? (I'd be surprised if arms dealers base their pricing off your net worth) Wouldn't it be easier just to not buy an oven that requires this if you don't want it? And if there are people who want to by the oven, why not deign to let them? At best, we should require that there be clear labeling and I would be surprised if there aren't regulations that cover that. 80? It has been about that long since the last official declaration of war by the United States, however... https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/58/US... The FBI, the guardian the we need to be guarded from. Your point of view might have some merit to it if there a basis in fact. Do you dispute the author's claim "On Wednesday night [March 2], Spotify announced that it is closing its Moscow office"? The author apparently doesn't know that there's a high speed train that's going to refuel at that station. Whoopi, is that you? [flagged] I tried that with ice cream. I gained 10 kilos. I guess it might have been 11 without all the exercise... 5th? There seems to be some information missing in the title. Maybe not a massive amount. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_states_of_matter What do you think he's been trying to do since the war started? Play footsie? "Old folks don't want change ". Maybe. I bet they want more craftsman and fewer kids in a life indentureship for careers they don't want Steven Brust has one of his characters claim that the aggressors are the ones who defend against an attack, since they are the ones stopping an action. Of course, that only makes sense if you're a sociopath, as his character was. Better than @when... https://dictionary.cambridge.org/us/grammar/british-grammar/... "though it seems kinda pointless just wasting human lives and resources for some pride and borders on paper" Is that your position for all national borders, or just the one between Ukraine and Russia? Likewise, do you believe that statement holds for all time, or do you believe it true only for specific periods in time (if so, which periods)? Don't forget the ease of accessing vans. American Integrity Act That might be the funniest comment so far :-) The House undoubtedly will opt to keep standard time permanent. The committee negotiating a unified bill will settle for a compromise of keeping standard time for 8 months of the year and daylight savings time for 4 months of the year on odd years and reversing the proportion during even years. There will be intense discussion about whether to do anything special for leap years. After several months of back and forth, someone will point out that there are also leap seconds and leap microseconds, leading to further debate. The bill will lapse. There's a lot of pushback on your answer to my question already and I'm going to add my own: I think you should travel more, if possible. I believe you will see significant differences in the way that national governments treat their people in different regions of the earth. In some places, you cannot insult government members. In some countries, you cannot insult a religious figure. In some countries, you cannot do the same things that other people do because of your race, sex, or sexual orientation. By "cannot" , I mean "face execution or life imprisonment". And that is only based upon what I know going on currently. If you go back historically, things do get much more diverse. Predicting a response that these sorts of things only happen in extreme countries, my reply is that if there were no national borders other than the atmosphere, the leaders of that region would be the most ruthless and ambitious on the planet. I do not have fond hopes that they would somehow also be simultaneously the most compassionate and altruistic. Most great men are not good men. Or as someone put it: Power does not corrupt--it reveals. Seems like a particularly USA-centric viewpoint. Canada is part of America too, and that's where the van was used. The disparity in lower body strength isn't as great between men and women, and professionals can train much better for distance running than someone still in high school. Even a dolt could see how misaligned with national interests the German energy policy is. https://www.cbsnews.com/news/why-were-un-diplomats-laughing-... "Focused on the inside story at the nexus of Hollywood, Wall Street, Washington, and Silicon Valley." Focused on the inside story at the nexus of people who can't have enough attention, money, power, and fps. Can't say that it appeals. It was Fred Brooks, not Confucius who said that, but I think you got the date right. Something doesn't add up: " ...attempted to reproduce the 74 results. Statistically significant evidence for repeatability was found for 43 papers, meaning that the results were replicable under identical conditions; and significant evidence for reproducibility or robustness was found in 22 papers, meaning the results were replicable by different scientists under similar conditions. In two cases, the automation made serendipitous discoveries. While only 22 out of 74 papers were found to be reproducible in this experiment,... " Shouldn't that be 9 were NOT reproducible since 65 we're reproducible? Or does "results were replicable" mean something other than reproducible? "There is also evidence that men at all ages are less likely to seek medical care and less likely to comply with medical instructions than are women." Especially on the 0-1 year old group. Toxic masculinity starts in utero. (a) most people in the USA live in a region without adequate mass transit and thus needs cars to do useful things like keeping a job or shopping at the grocery store. (B) did the Wall Street journal article also talk about the effects of the chip shortage and the subsequent new car shortage that hit last summer? If not, it is willfully misleading. (C) another hint on where all that money went is the increase in fuel costs, rent costs, and food costs. The increased demand is exacerbated by the supply chain troubles including the decrease in US oil wells provoked by Biden's war on American-sourced fossil fuels. It's kinda funny they start off mentioning parking lots which are a problem generally mandated by city zoning regulations. I have a cartoon printed in the 1980s with the caption of "do I get partial credit?" Showing a similar bridge so I doubt it is real. Funny if it were! "For all its failures, democracy at least has taught us to incorporate the human imperfection into the process and the decisions." which is why all democracies defeated COVID with the three-week lockdown in which no one left home unless they had to and took proper precautions to ensure that they did not dare transmit any disease to anyone else No, I would say that modern democracies and enshrine human imperfections into the process in order to further the will to power that exists in those seeking office. It is part of the ancient tradition of persuasion that the Greeks used and appropriated by many other cultures because it seemed to work well: Ethos, pathos, logos. What you were enduring was the ethos part, where other people tout the credentials of the speaker so that you will be more likely to accept the The following propaganda. I find it ironic that the article points out that relying on error from humans to find errors is something of a hit or miss proposition and suggests that automating error finding is an appropriate course instead of making it less likely to make the error in the first place. For example, I wonder how many errors would have been found if the definition of a format string was the default? That is, how many times would people have written something like "hello {previously-defined-variable}" and not meant to substitute the value of that previously defined variable at runtime? Inflation hasn't gone down. You might get more if you buy between now and November. College isn't even a necessary condition to make those friendships. I don't find that a strained narrative at all. -- I once wrote a status report where I reported that I thought something would be a problem blocking my progress if it weren't resolved. My manager's status report said that there might be a issue. His managers report said everything was on track. -- If you don't think that the upper management got into hot water and then started paying a lot more attention to their on-site managers after the Union vote, you and I live in different worlds. Probably not. I really doubt that most people would give up a job in a satisfying office environment with people they truly enjoy working with on a product/project they are excited to work on everyday simply because of they are told they have to go in and meet those people they really groove with three times a week. It is almost literally pedophilia, the love of children--but I'm really commenting on the shortfall of English which uses love for many different feelings. Try to ask that question without using words stolen from Greek or Latin but still incomprehensible English. That is a late 20th century phenomenon. If you go back into the 1800s and earlier, it was pretty common for a college kids to spend a lot of time learning to translate ancient Greek texts. 2 interesting and good reads are the cyropedia and the anabasis, both by xenophon, and neither portraying the Persians in a negative light. Perhaps finding or building an Anki deck on how to improve memory Will improve your memory? I know some students in medical school, and they swear by Anki to learn all the data they have to learn. It seems to be the simplest explanation of what he wrote "Our overheads have exceeded our earnings for some time" You and I have a different idea of what " pretty well" means, unless I missed something. Just talked with someone in the concrete business. There is a national shortage of Portland cement (imports restricted, new plants regulated out) and high quality flyash (these people got it from a place that used to ash from coal burning). That can't help house prices... Paradox, or just pointing out human inability to multiply? Driving rates higher won't cool inflation except by raising prices - which is inflation. They want to stifle the demand so as to match supply better, but when it's a supply shock and the United States is short something like 3 million houses, it seems a fairly punitive and misguided way to approach solving the problem. This study was funded by the people who make theracumin. Were the other ones as well? I wouldn't expect the boost in patients who were not in a study funded by theracumin It is an entirely unreasonable goal if your stakeholders are the citizens of the country for which you are manipulating the economy. You should want high wages and productive workers, domestic production to help ensure fewer supply shocks from an unstable international environment, etc Do you mean that you're incredibly past careing about arbitrary constraints on someone's ability to solve a problem? If there is a policeman, the onus of enforcement lies on the policeman. The teacher plays this role by giving a grade. Any teacher that allows cheating is encouraging it. Paid for advertising maybe? I think that is the author's point, that a closed system makes it impossible. You need the wealth from outside sources to fund the debt to fund the spending. Also, at some point, there is some production that is not just shuffling existing assets around. "State funding for higher education has declined by roughly a quarter, to $7,152 per student enrolled in a public two- or four-year school in 2015, down from $9,489 per student in 1987." The article is not in disagreement with the thought that Free Federal Money displaces other sources. Also, the article does not show why tuition has risen 1200% instead of 30%. Why intellectual? It seems more political to me (both in the sense of wanting to change policy and wanting to acquire power) And more gasoline is produced. I came here to say this. When I haven't had enough money, I have lived on a budget. If the author is trying to say that self-destructive behavior can show up in many forms, then sure. But if you take responsibility for your own decisions, you should spend less than you earn and eat less than you can (unless you're in the most extreme case for which government welfare is your lifeline) It is certainly a cultural trait. So many people conflate physiological race with sociological culture that it's an impossible conversation. It is not something you do by budgeting alone, but it is certainly something you do by spending less than you earn. Like dieting, if you consume more than you produce, you are going to be in trouble. The article is a great salve for people who don't want to stop the ice cream... "most of the time". Is there any evidence that 50%+ of overweight people are that way because they consume too little or just enough? Or, instead, would you find just the opposite? And that overweight people grossly underestimate the number of calories they consume... Only if you believe rates will go higher and that you can take advantage of those higher rates. For example, Having assets on a fixed loan of 3% when you can get a CD of similar duration for 3.5% means you are making money by owing those assets and owing that loan. It is why deflation is such anathema to the financial industry. They don't want anyone but themselves to benefit from financial conditions. Did Taylor consider quantitative easing and tightening? The shadow funds rate messes with these numbers quite a bit Or is it the ought-is, the opposite? Any article that claims the Fed has the tools to address supply troubles is too shallow to believe. Any article that talks about the Fed's response without talking about Powell's reconfirmation is really not worth reading. Once his job was secure, inflation was priority and he set out to destroy demand to reduce wages and the ease the burden on the broken supply chain that he no tools to fix. That is the third leg of inflation. It is fairly well known that one of the predictors of future inflation is the belief in it - - a self-fulfilling prophecy. The Fed does not have any tools to address businesses who take advantage of people believing that the prices should be higher to raise their price and in the short term their profit. The fed has one Cannon to use, reduce or expand the money supply, and it only hits one of the three sources for inflation I don't know the exact numbers but it is still fairly large. They just started cutting back June 1, which does have an effect on what it believe is known as the shadow funds rate I never said anything about something being the exclusivity of middle-class white Americans. In fact, I was thinking more of the South Korean who told me that it was common for the man to save up enough money to buy his condo before he moved out of his parents home The rising gasoline prices started well before the Russian war. They started almost immediately after we inaugurated a president who said he would shut down fracking, and followed through to the best of his ability. NASA could have gotten the price down to whatever the lockheed's is now. Or should I say up? Add to that: inflation was transitory last year and this year up until Powell secured his reconfirmation. Then it became a problem. Edit to add: I self-identify as a boomer because I have an old and selfish soul. It's psychology and sociology. It is dubious science at best. No additional specific examples are needed. (Of course, we may differ on what makes science good science. For me, the ability to repeat an experimental result is essential to good science. Profiting from the results of your research generally seems to lead to bad science) An insult must be both thrown and caught. If you refuse to catch the insult, you refuse to be insulted. Calling it a jerk flag is a great way to take over the transaction. That is in no way a microaggression. It is big, and completely illegal nowadays. (Not that prohibition is 100% effective) I was hoping for a ... sketch You could have captured more of the inflation in fuel prices by saying "If Biden had not campaigned on stopping US oil production"... Any article on inflation that leaves off consumer expectations of inflation as a source of it isn't really serious about the topic. Maybe it's art? By not having the text flow, you give up on reading the nonsense earlier, and thus your browsing experience is more enjoyable! They aren't well-known, at least according to the article. I myself recognize that I've seen a few of them, but since they are as cryptic as Egyptian hieroglyphs to me, I ignore them. Less competitive? I know a doctor who got his MD in 1952 as a 21 year old (18 months college), another who got it in the 70s as a 24 year (3 years college), and 2 who just graduated this year at 26 and 29 (4 years college each). Listening to the stories, med school got progressively easier (1950: tons of WW2 vets on GI bill--older and deadly serious, only 1/3 made it through. 1970s: 2/3 made it through, most dropped first year. 2018: 95% made it through because the schools radically changed from weeding out to hyper-supportive) And yet there is also this: http://forum.barrowdowns.com/forumdisplay.php?f=16 Greed only plays a supporting role here. Gluttony is the cardinal sin more to blame. Never fear. Copilot will hire a passel of lawyers not long after it's declared sentient (by some lawyers) I haven't loved debugging systems whose primary data structure is a Map. Right, because nobody thinks abortion prevents pregnancy, at least nobody who knows what the word contraceptive means. But as an alternative to contraception for birth control? Certainly. E. G., https://www.guttmacher.org/article/2018/01/reported-contrace... I'll know they're serious about health when they put a tax on added sugar and an additional tax on high fructose corn syrup. Until then, they're just actors on a stage Huh. Sounds familiar. It's funny that they think high performing teams are as a result of this high ratio of praise to correction instead of being a symptom. More like a group of amateur historians trying to correct the record There's an old list of sins: Pride Greed Lust Anger Gluttony Envy Sloth Whether or not you believe the religion whose followers came up with this list, it does provide a handy way to categorize human behavior. It's when the decision is "whatever I want" where the demons await... It's having the money PLUS not having the goods because of broken supply chains (China lockdowns and shipping through Port of L. A) followed by doubling of fuel costs which were in part driven by huge surge in demand after lockdowns ended plus no new supply of oil refineries because, in part, the war on fossil fuels in the US and elsewhere and all fed by our expectations of higher prices that allow the greedy corporations to raise prices with less fear. "I really don't like having this unelected councils of wizards who get wield god-like "authority"-- it feels a bit gross in a democracy." So you feel the Cabinet posts should also be elected positions? It's always good to question whether that something really has any meat in it anyway! He was a rouge communist Tl;Dr: remembered epiphany after last macro-dose. It will change your life! "Note: this post is still a rough draft but I think this idea is important enough to publish it anyway. I intend to revise it in the future." "The space is more interesting than just jpegs." So is gravel. "Many delays happen/happened because people believed the requirements were set, and started building things, only to have them change later." The second part, 'changing requirements' has been the reality of many NASA and DoD projects for decades. The "delays" happen because the vendors make gobs of money working this way. I feel you are re-emphasizing the validity of the point. It should not be easy to use things wrongly, with more secret knowledge needed to use things that are more dangerous or require more skill than things that will do no harm when used wrongly. In other words, your lab equipment should be fool-proofed so that if I walked into the lab and try to use it, I might get it loud buzzing sound a emoji of a sad face. I am not the first to believe this. "Poka yoke" is a manufacturing term for a reason. Interesting that you put an asterisk on Taiwan, which believes it is its own country, but not Puerto Rico, which has never been its own country. You're almost there, but not quite. ACA incentivizes the disease insurance companies to spend more on disease care (machines, drugs, processors, etc.), not to ameliorate costs. Executive bonuses, marketing, overhead, almost come from 20% of total costs, so the only way to get a bigger bonus is for the whole pie to grow. Even before that, litigation encourages the same. Companies (hospitals and the like) in the US resell (or used to) perfectly good equipment abroad with a huge discount after it's been used so that it can be replaced with the newest model with the shiniest bells and most expensive cost to avoid a lawsuit. You are much kinder than I am. I believe it has much more in common with astrology than philosophy. In fact, it is hard for me to differentiate between the two. Why would you be surprised they focused on the shiny and lucrative and not on the essential and valuable? Some people also have insights from their astrological readings. Even a blind squirrel finds a nut every now and again. Doesn't mean it's less blind. Like the watermelon https://images.app.goo.gl/8miHX48hfcHZ3rGQ7 Or the chicken https://www.vox.com/xpress/2014/10/2/6875031/chickens-breedi... For those in coma or paralyzed? Or, I can see some Uber trendy ex SF now Utah bro getting a blood transfusion from a younger person while having the other limbs moved around and simultaneously playing world of Warcraft and on a conference call. Edit: while micro-dosing of course I didn't mean to blame ACA for the equipment problem. That was happening well beforehand because of litigation. ACA is directly responsible for the perverse incentive in not reducing medical costs. ACA is bad, and they knew it when they passed it. IIRC, senator Lieberman stopped government supplied medical care for the other 50% of people who don't already get it that way It's almost like punishment, right? How? If they're always excluding 7% more of the goods whose prices rose more, the trimmed CPI will always be lower than the CPI-U, which some people say is always lower than what people actually experience. The entitlement adjustments made based on trimmed CPI will always be less than the inflation even the gov't admits people are experiencing. They don't even need to leave the city. Just look at the SoCo I often only read the hacker News comments. I glossed the first few paragraphs of this whiny note and can understand why the author does not read the comments here. He needs to get to the point much quicker. Whatever it was. Tl:dr. The Sensible Shoes class. Possibly a FIRE bastard. One of my elderly relatives commented last week that he has been hearing that the new experimental results will promise reliable fusion plants in less than a decade ... Since 1960 (He used to be one of those guys inside an ICBM silo during the Cold war) Those were Janis' dying words... If longtermism is a few people thinking about what is better for my great grandchildren than about sating their own pride, greed, lust, anger, gluttony, envy, and sloth, then I think it's probably a good arrow in the quiver of humanity The author seemed to assume there is no ecological costs to extracting, processing, and shipping massive amounts of rare earth around the oceans, and, as you point out, that they never suffer mishaps Setting a goal virtue signaling? We split the money because my now ex would have squandered it all otherwise I bet if he can do this trace route thing, he can get all those emails going to his own domain regardless of who they are addressed to Among other things, it shows that his father did know about his shady deals (ukraine, china). Also had videos of various illegal activities that you and I would probably be thrown in jail for if the FBI found them on a laptop of ours Plus, sq ft is a very rude way to compare buildings. The college loan programs obviously already created perverse incentives. It should come as no surprise that the loan forgiveness does as well. It is almost as if there's some motivation other than to allow children of poor families to obtain a college education. As for the college should be free anyways like it is in Europe, then perhaps we should administer universities like they do in Europe. Only a few select students are allowed to go and they don't provide training leagues for professional sports teams. We can change things the question is can we allow people who are motivated by profit to dictate the change. College is way more expensive than it was before the government started distorting the prices. The inflation rate for college education is similar to that of disease care and is unconscionable and driven by the free money hand out that Biden helped create. For $100k, you can get 1/8 of a tiny home for a homeless person in LA. In other words, if you leave it to the government to pay for the work, you will just be astounded by how much it costs. https://www.latimes.com/california/story/2022-03-05/lopez-co... Only twice as much in LA Were you doing low impact exercises? Something like burpees should have caused some indentation to the ground! Right? I mean if I can be tall without having long legs, surely I can be morbidly obese without having inflammation and insulin response disorder You don't even have to go to that level to know it's all nonsense. Someone had to pay to put that toothpaste on the shelf. In capitalist societies, it's the person who provided the capital to the business and what you're doing is repaying that investment when you buy the tube of toothpaste. In modern socialist societies, you don't have to worry about it because there is no toothpaste on the shelf. Just kidding. You are paying the workers for the labor that went into the production of the toothpaste. In arrears. I didn't read much past that because I started seeing how we are not working for money or something like that. Sweden, which didn't lock down, also in the green. Stopped paying attention at "a 47% increase in all published health knowledge." Not hardly. Maybe a X% decrease (if Science is advancing), but the amount of garbage, not knowledge, is overwhelming. (Maybe biased memory, but I think every PubMed article that has come up here has been ripped to shreds) The population growth of the south and southwest came after AC. 1950, 10% of Americans lived in NYC Or moving to more temperate climes And maybe not close their nuclear plants? The timing of the 2nd invasion of Ukraine 2 months after Germany shut down 3 of its plants is suggestive. Perhaps you missed German officials scoffing at Trump when he made the same warning a few years ago. I mean, if its so obvious that even Trump can figure it out, how dumb are you??? I have been ridiculing people for years trying to defuse an argument by saying "it's just a matter of semantics" 'that for once in your miserable excuse for an existence you have finally used the word "semantics" correctly.' The Vlad Taltos series by Brust Starts out as a detective series, and then turns into a reflections on marriage, capitalism, etc. The Honor Harrington series by Weber Up to book 10. It is a horatio hornblower in space and just good entertainment. The Lt Cleary series by Drake This one is Aubrey/Maturin in space. Entertainment. LoTR, Hobbit by whatshisname(as a teenager) Of course, I wish I could say that I have read the cyropedia more than once, or bridge of birds ... That last paragraph does indeed sound hateful. I was talking with someone who went STEM. He said: I really liked philosophy and history and would have done that but they showed that I needed a degree I could make a living with. They talk about not living off your parents as an adult, not being a burden on others after your parents escape you, being able to take care of yourself and your family... Interesting compared to le malheur mentioned in the article, wherein factory repetitive work demands no mentation at all... What if someone doesn't want to stop? Unless science has shown that much of the "Science" in this field of study is garbage Some might call it "chaos", others might call it "stupid government policy compounded by (the expected) moronic government implantation guidelines" "We are reading ourselves into a silent race." If only! Exploring Requirements: Quality Before Design, Gause+Weinberg This book introduced me to the questions I should have been asking before starting to write software and helped me make a lot more money by impressing people with those questions. Included in the book are context-free and meta-questions which are useful in all sorts of arenas. By forcing me to become immersed in separation between functional and non-functional requirements, I began to understand the importance of the non-functional requirements (software quality attributes) and have since found that it is a useful distinction in the pursuit of living well. It reads like the author drank ten cups of coffee and felt like he had to say something using a lot of words and typed them out to the beat of his favorite heavy metal song but forgot what he wanted to say.... Iirc: -All the rings were made for elves except for the One. The 3 the elves ended up with were made in secret which is why they escaped Sauron. With the elves warned (when Sauron out on the One), the other rings went to dwarves and men instead. -Sauron lost the ability to shape-shift and appear fair with the drowning of Numenor, where he was. I thought it was an intentional metaphor, coming from the "herding cats" line of thought. The author misunderstands Miller's research on working memory, often reported as "7 +/- 2". But, Miller states that limit is valid only for unrelated items. Do you really write a very long comment after every function call? And have you looked at code that's over a year old and modified by other people to see how poorly those comments now match the code? Not sure why you specify skepticism in just democratic government (especially since the article is about abuse if power in a republic government). Power doesn't corrupt, it reveals.... Given the reference to Smaug, by "stopped", he means shot until killed. "Even if we grant that there is a non-zero value in the timing flexibility provided by use of capital, how does this argument answer the claim that the profits flowing to investors are outsized, distorting the housing market?" Does it have to? Couldn't we find another answer? (Like maybe: we humans are driven by our desires and its society's obligation to prevent/reduce/limit the damage we do to others as a result) And based on the previous comment, get it wrong Aka social loafing Why Russia? Biden and sone State Dept official both said NS2 would stop if Russia invaded. Seems like a promise kept Science advances one gravestone at a time... "Then I realized teaching couldn't support an adult human lifestyle" not a modern first-world one at any rate;) I think we saw recently why Martha's Vinyard has little or no homeless I'm glad he wrote it and then plastered a big sign over it so that i couldn't read it. Booch told us in a class that the blobs were there because (A) he could not draw a box on a whiteboard (B) at this stage of development, there are no crisp understandings anyway so there's no point in making crisp corners. He was ridiculing people who used templates to draw the class blobs exactly as shown in the book instead of just whipping out a closed form with a pencil or marker Why would a company buying top billing in google be a surprise? The brand is only more popular with Google, not with the rest of us. It causes 3 bagsfull of grief The Anabasis, by Xenophan, is the story of Greek mercenaries looking to become wealthy from looted treasures and slaves The Mississippi at Memphis is extremely narrow--More of 200 m wide river than a mile wide river. Messing with the old river control structure several hundred miles away won't affect that at all And 18 floppy discs to install... I figured it's cloaking the general background anxiety that has afflicted many in recent years. The author is just playing number games to try to self-soothe "The study failed to find a reduction in death rate despite lowering the incidence of cancer, and that is the center of the piece" Maybe you didn't read the article all the way through? What it found was it merely inviting people to a colonoscopy did not result in less deaths from colon cancer, although it did result in fewer people being treated for it. However, if you look at the people who actually took a colonoscopy, there was a 50% reduction in deaths from colon cancer. That's not nothing. Maybe they had that many people they couldn't see worth their cost ($ and/or headache). Laying off people is a lit easier than firing them. Fitting that in an article like this author Alice has a wiki page but author Antonio does not. I know 21 people that have had covid, from 3 to 91. 1 person had long covid, still requires oxygen months later. Either my friends and family are unduly healthy, or there's maybe something questionable about the "half". If I flipped a coin 21 times and it only came up tails once, I wouldn't believe it was a fair coin... That song sucks. And they make video games to consume endless hours of Western productivity As it's an editorial, I respectfully disagree with your first assertion. "The authors have declared no competing interest." Not even, it seems, preservation of their species. Why not accept and moderrnize the censorship Twain did? G--d-----, if its good enough for Samuel Clemens, it should be good enough for you! 15, including the 1 with long covid Didn't we see this in Stargate Atlantis? The push for equity says that no students should be able to do the math needed to start college "The grid absolutely can handle EVs." Maybe yours can. In California, they were recently asked to not charge cars during certain times of the day because the power system could not support the additional load. My understanding is that California's grid could have supported the load, they just weren't able to generate the electricity required to do so. Given the number of tech firms in and around San Francisco, it's not the boolean operators they have trouble with... Is someone's stealing something off your porch not stealing? This level of crime used to be something we'd attribute to failed communities and not acceptable for civilized people (those living in cities) It reflects San Francisco values At anyone in Texas and they will tell you that the government in Austin is too powerful and too corrupt... whataboutism! Or as my mom told me, two wrongs do not make a right I bet we'd have seen a bunch of this in Athens back in the day... Don't forget the recent experience with the government forcing you to let someone live in your property for free... Where I live, we then drain those lakes regularly for the water of our cities so the water available down stream is greatly reduced except in tons of flood in which case it is unusually high. Are dead people poor? It's a little bit closer to the Elgin Marbles You mean the pensions are Ponzi schemes, where each cohort requires youngsters to feed it to survive? How evil are we? I tried her this but it must be infected with some virus because an overlay popped up that made it so I couldn't read anything past the first paragraph! Not exactly. The government pension schemes do not provide anything back to the chumps of the next generation. Savings are put in financial institutions and earn money based upon how much money those financial institutions are able to earn by redeploying that money to help businesses grow. There's quite a bit of difference between investing and extracting donations I was shocked they didn't divulge their 400m time. We all care about different things, I guess Did I miss the correlation across school systems? Everything in the study was from Chicago public schools. My older brother switched from a B student in a private high school to the public high school and slept his ways to A's Imagine if it had no motion! It would appear to fly off at supersonic speeds as it ignored -earth's rotation -earth's movement around sun -solar system's movement around the galaxy -galaxy's drift through the universe (Sorry "no motion" is like a claim out of a Dilbert cartoon) Is that true? I never saw any homeless in Shanghai, and only one sidewalk beggar. I asked what they did to make it so, "We don't talk about that". Is that really compassion, to favor predators over victims? I mean, right? Who waits 2 years? If I recall correctly, they were suspended for saying that that specific named individual one man of the Year award. That doesn't seem very hateful, although it may seem derisive. There is a difference. Did it go beyond that? Well, there's some article out there from pre pandemic where Fauci asays that the risk if a pandemic is acceptable in studying gain of function. It's not like He is a trustworthy advocate. Or would you trust the Chinese government? Everything is political when you're trying to figure out why this disease was encouraged (Torturing those who warn us of it is encouraging spread, no? Ignoring warnings from competent authorities is encouraging spread, no? Twitting out that there's no evidence of human to human spread while not verifying the claim is encouraging spread, no? I mean, it was such a shitshow by the 10s of thousands of public officials whose job is to safeguard us from such an outcome that there's no way CYA isn't going to be the dominant motivation from those officials and they're superiors) I was kinda hoping to see ultimate frisbee disc prices 1965 is when inflation started kicking in (we have a recording of a family dinner from around that time and the mother was complaining about inflation). It looks like there were three peaks in overall inflation mountain range, and only one of them was from the oil price shock. I believe the author might have been using the article she linked as a major source: https://www.federalreservehistory.org/essays/great-inflation It would be quicker to make ad platforms and ad presenters liable for damages, and pay for fees and fines. Old school ads only threatened to stink up the room with the scratch and sniffs.... I thought it was kinda funny the article is in English. They don't have the power of their convictions! No, a good programmer knows that the likelihood of someone as competent as them doing the next change to the module is very low and leaves behind some automated tests to help the next one not break what's there. Competent good also implies "good" good, willing to help reduce the suffering of others. My step-mom told me that she came out of a major depression in her 20s by ignoring herself and focusing on what she could do for others to ease their pains (volunteering, etc.). It seems solid advice since part of the problem with depression in general and your description seems to be the inward focus on yourself... Also, I'll add we like different things: "To crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and to hear the lamentation of their women!” They almost literally cannot, or rather cannot write good tests. I have seen If (testPassed) assert(true); Nothing happens if the test should have failed... Or just advertising for inebreating products? As well, noticing the replication crisis in sociology No pain no gain And don't forget: no fear of door dinks or car getting stolen. Of course, that goes back to Epictetus and his prized lantern... Not sure how much age helps. My granddad was fond of saying that young fools grow up to be old fools. "external scorecard" no: Wealth is/can be private knowledge. You assess your own score based on your own internal guidelines, not what other people think. The amount of wealth I feel I need to "pass" is unrelated to yours. Clearly not, or the wealth of the world would be constant through history. I could argue that most wealth comes from optimizing the efforts to extract and transport resources, plus all the other optimizations on the paper shuffling we do after (e. g., Communication, entertainment, etc.). There's that old essay that says *power" is the strongest, most unquenchable desire by those afflicted from it. (Shaw? Nobel prize speech iirc, Acquisition (If I recall correctly, there is still plenty of inflation outside of rent in the current mix. The Fed is fighting last year's war on the other inflations now because for some reason inflation wasn't a trouble until Powell's reconfirmation hearing this year. The old saying of a stitch in time saves nine comes to mind... ) Addressing inflation when it shows up instead of claiming baselessly that it's transitory would have been much easier than what they're trying to do now. There is an argument that what the Fed does is mostly irrelevant anyway until the supply chain problems are fixed. Volcker may have done the right thing back in 1981, and he may have been aided greatly by The oil shock being completely absorbed by higher efficiency and more production Glue A few decades ago there was a convention to solve world hunger. The delegates were very well fed. I can only imagine the amount of private jet miles used to attend this summit, as well as the amount of carbon use to cart in the delicacies that the attendees need to soothe themselves From Oct 2021, when the bureaucrats in charge were claiming inflation was transitory... Well, I try to reuse my grocery bags even though I know that most of the plastic in the ocean is from China. I find it hard to have faith in hypocrites who believe that their damage is somehow less damaging then other people's damage. As for your direct question, I would prefer they do a zoom call. They may not be able to do as much backroom dealing over wine and scotch, but I'm okay with that as well. I had an extraordinarily painful conversation with experience programmers when I pointed out that the values that the hash key relyed upon must not change, for the life of the hash map. Stack ranking by raw number of lines of code? Hopefully it was scored like golf. My last real coding job, i was in tough competition with another guy for the most lines of code removed... Are you a voter? Just asking... Biden's original tweet was not an outright lie. It was even a half-lie. It was the solid truth. That's why the fact-check was to "provide context". "Why would they give the money back that they just got by selling bonds?" I was confused at first about who would be doing the buying but your link makes it clear that the Treasury is thinking about buying back the higher priced bonds while at the same time they are selling the lower price bonds. I'm still confused... I actually lived that once. One of our managers was going to tout how productive the different teams were. One team moved two years worth of their code into the repository just after the reporting period. So I generated a buttload of comments, because they were counted too, and my team came out the most "productive". Is it nitpicking if we end up with fewer bugs as a result of the conversation? :) It has had a measurable effect on inflation. However it is not the most significant impact on it. You can look at the rates of inflation before the war started and see how high they were. If you want to adjust for reality, then find the actual rate of increase for rent and home ownership during the time frame. The US data lags considerably. Doesn't he say just to burn it in the early part of the article? So is it all just whining or is Rust prohibited for use in Russia and Iran? I wouldn't be at all surprised if there were software engineers at Twitter who had not committed anything to a repository in the last year. And perhaps they're smart enough to take the absolute value of additions and deletions? I wasn't trying to dodge the question, I was figuring that you could actually look up the inflation rate in February of 2022 in compare it to April 2022 for yourself. I hope the pasta in the US is plastic free too! "The good news is that we are halfway to making a true NerveGear The bad news is that so far, I have only figured out the half that kills you." Clearly satirical We just can't address the instability/fragility of correspondents with one-off word play. Neuroticism, which we all have, is the most important personality/communication style factor and it's the one that the HR approved courses rigorously ignore... That might be a good faith reading, but it's not the most plausible. The most plausible is that the writer means that most other voters but himself is a moron Not to mention having to keep going because babies are born and the money can't be delivered instantaneously... We are in the trolley problem, not the prisoners dilemma. And on some planes they even allowed those seats to recline a little, so maybe not in any philosophical debate other than that people often don't consider other people's suffering Basketball goal. Volleyball net. Gutters on single story house. Definitely not chairs, door frames, showers, or beds. Anything that fits under the seat in front of you will also fit hugged up to your seat under your knees to allow you to extend your legs once the plane has taken off. I do that on exit rows regularly (except during takeoff and landing of course) I just abandoned paying about $12 more to get more legroom on a flight. The flight itself was an unexpected $200 hit and I didn't want to pay more than I had to. In the US it seems there is not enough competition and as well their are significant barriers to entry for new airlines. I get horrible back pain if the seat doesn't recline on most seats (I've sat in a very few airline seats that are ok without reclining, but they are a few). So I will claim my space in order to avoid it. Before the The medical insurance business crew, and before the Johnson administration interfered with the market, many hospitals in the United States were run by religious organizations as a civic duty, not as a money-making venture. We can see the detritus of those days in the names of Baylor, Baptist, Presbyterian, St Michael's etc. You are speaking realistically. I know several people trying to take care of elderly parents in different ways and it absolutely does take time just for the logistics. Taking care of an elderly parent is a massive undertaking to do in your own home and is still an effort if you hand them over to the state in a nursing home. Well, what we saw was the guy stealing $8B to keep the plates spinning. Hope he goes to jail. That history represents 400 years of colonialism. Latin represents classism and racism and denies the history of billions of marginalized peoples. Thus, it must change because the purpose of a university is not to retain cultures and histories when no one else cares, it's not to improve the mental capabilities of the students. It purpose instead is to pursue equity in 2 senses: no especially talented people of the wrong* parents are allowed to gain inordinate skills and the foundation makes gobs of money. (*) Determination of wrongness changes over time, and the adage "2 wrongs don't make a right" is considered tomfoolery. So unfair to marginalized non-english speakers! They met on The Met Sorry, was bleeding over from another post. I'm not really sure what unfair is, though, to answer your question. Which problem goes back to not regulating greed well enough. I need other greedy bastards to jump out of bed with a new idea on how to make a buck, i just don't want them to take $1.10 when they do it... "The White House deleted it because they got caught in a lie." Worse, they got caught in a truth Shouldn't it be: never choose an objective metric without choosing several other in conflict The picture is 2 years old. Got to hope they have quicker reaction to that... Given the apparent lack of consistency (no book suggested by more than 3/100), the results seem pretty random. Not sure you wouldn't have done as well asking the advice peddlers for recommendations of other author's books. If only there was an organization with access to a bunch of founders just before they start up with OPM... How often do people with power make decisions for the greater good? Maybe I'm cynical, but the observer who said that the problem with political power is that the worst people will do anything they can to take it (as a result, good people won't have it) You and what ar.... Hmmm With modern democracies, we have people gaining power who are the most willing to do whatever it takes to acquire it. In Athens, they selected by random lot. A much better system. That's not what i recall the 2001 paper saying. Iirc, it said if you pick a software complexity measure that it does not do a much better job than just simple lines of code. Back in those days, metrics were real and were used to try to help create and maintain software code quality. For instance there were some groups that would not allow code that had a McCabe cyclomatic complexity greater than x to survive. Course the easy way to skirt that is to break the module into however many modules you need to get them each under X. My take away from that paper was that the best life hack I can do would be to reduce whatever metric was being used to measure quality each time I checked in. It is shockingly easy to edit existing code to reduce the bulk while making it clearer. Oftentimes, that is simply just removing dead code. Sometimes it's modifying ridiculously convoluted code. Most the time, reducing the lines of code also reduces other complexity measures if you do it with care. Of course, my measure was never a target so I was never led to perverse incentives and dysfunctional behavior. "Therefore, the more lines of code software has, the more features it offers" That assumption is radically untrue based on most of the code I have seen. Because someone screwed over too many other people "at some point, you are the greater fool" "If you look around the table and can't see the chump, you are the chump" 10B didn't go missing, it was stolen and they know stole it and where he put it. One to two billion is missing and probably stolen. Most of the rules of civilization are centered around preventing the 20% predators from devouring the 80% normal people. Given how he stole customer funds to prop up Alameda, fraud is far more likely than clueless So I see. (Sorry, but you almost begged me to do it!) Tbh, i stopped reading and upvoted you after "waterboarded with Slack" Heh. The 1% are mostly the very successful predators and their heirs. They buy/make a lot of rules, but there's still (currently) a ton more to constrain predation. (The more money you have, of course, the easier it is to game a more complex system...) 2 different ways to analyze your life: -- Physical Intellectual Emotional Spiritual -- Family Friends Health Wealth Virtue -- Maybe spend some time improving one of these? The whataboutism kinda falls flat since both can be true: fiat currency from a govt and crypto can both have zero real value, propped up only by shared delusions. However, govt currency is propped up some by it's taxing authority (the govts ability to take value from its residents) "We intend to communicate as frequently as possible going forward but anticipate that this will be less frequent than what our clients and other stakeholders are used to." Nothing since Nov 11. Their silence is deafening Iirc, the Soviet Union used to guarantee a job. Not sure how well that worked out for them, though. Don't they have a massive alcoholism problem still? I don't get the value either, but i sure do miss it when I'm away. I have songs purchased in 4 different mediums, sometimes more than once. Pretty irritating, tbh. I haven't bought a license to listen to a song, I've bought a license to use destructible chunks of plastic or bits... Is meth vegan? You got your Axiom of Choice and Goëdel's Theorems to contend with in math. In sociology, you got the replicability crisis (aka, it's mostly bulkshit). The Sociologists want to bring that to mathematics so that the marginalized of the world don't feel inferior. Rex Stout loved to dish on the FBI before it was cool in his Nero Wolf books Makes me wonder how capable they were to vet the projects they were supposed to be funding "tell users to buy a better phone" Funny, given the author says that he usually expects problems like this from Apple. I guess all respectable app developers require jail broken phones? Lesson: adding comments explaining what you think the code us doing today arent helpful. Observation: many comments explaining what the code is doing don't match what the code is doing after a few check-ins. E.G., I've seen variations on //Add 1 to x x+=2; too many times to count. An accidental consequence of political competition for donor money and votes Most great people are not good persons You hate them that much? What an opportunity to bring a blank page and claim to have deleted thousands of lines of clutter while still delivering functionality saturated fats are a big threat than sugar? He only wanted one picture though... What doesn't have systemic risk? If you mean liberalism in the original sense, it certainly does! Perhaps so that he will come to the US so he can be arrested here? Reminds me of the story of the lady who got her mic turned off at a school board meeting after reading from a book in the library. The head of the school board chided her for reading the material while a child was in the room. Do we need to coddle stupidity? I read this years ago. It was just republished with a new date Do puns grow like weeds in them? I would call CoinDesk "the media". They used to be a competitor and are existentially scared that people will believe that crypto is gambling in a crooked house. I'm here for _Are your lights On? _ --associate member of the Weinborg Or ai gets slashdotted Regarding fast and slow: "It is likely that Kahneman’s book, or at least some of his chapters, would be very different from the actual book, if it had been written just a few years later. However, in 2011 most psychologists believed that most published results in their journals can be trusted." https://replicationindex.com/2020/12/30/a-meta-scientific-pe... I wonder if the 50% test has been replicated... I think my Dad has one of these in his basement. What color is the error message? I know a 92 year old doctor who is enjoying his lifetime subscription to the journal of the American medical association that he bought in the 1950s. It was explained to me that in mainland China they do have free and fair elections. That they only have one candidate to vote for is just a quibble. I retired. You could also consider it high coupling between two completely different code bases. Or, the crime of making someone understand everything in order to understand some thing... I have taken one round trip train journey in the last 30 years. The outbound trip made me late for my daughter's wedding because Union Pacific swung so many freight trains in our path that we were 3 hours late Personal choice, 41% battery reduction, and a distrust that any of the studies were on 8-12 hour reading sessions. "Everybody hates ads" Wrong. I don't remember being disturbed by advertisements in the magazines are read, and even in some of the books I read, nor in the print newspapers. What I hate are advertisements that attack me: vectors for viruses, assault me with noises when I am reading, suddenly block the page I am viewing. If Web advertisers treated their audience better, I suspect there would be a lot fewer installations of uBlock origin No observable anxiety there. I assume you're drinking natural maple syrup. I have also met adults who control their diabetes with hclf (high complex carbs, 0 to no simple carbs) I believe that the common denominator is nearly zero sugar. the claim is also ridiculous. the special benefits given to a few "capitalist" firms could have been done without kickbacks to politicians... Can we get {video} tags added to the title? Every time one of these links opens directly to a video I feel like I've been Rick rolled "decades away" why so gloomy? since the 1960s, fusion has been a decade away. i see no reason to change that Wrong. Intelligently directed labor builds wealth. Showers not until the 1970s? Maybe in the Netherlands. In the US, I understand it was common by the late 1950s. https://youtu.be/ZfKGC3LFyFA?t=353 Predicted in Rollerball except i have some protected songs that i cant play because the provider went out of business you're such a cantanker! That is the first time I've heard Nexus used in that particular way. Is it custom to the author or a widely accepted definition? after your first property tax bill, you realize that you have local taxing authorities as landlords (as well as federal). we never really own our real estate (and i can't just leave and take it with me) I have a relative who had to be taken to the hospital after scraping invisible mites out of their eyes with a razor blade. They asked them if she would like some antipsychotic medication and of course they said no. As a result, my question is, is it ever humane to not force treatment on the mentally ill "Without the man in the photo, the photo of this man wouldn’t exist." Worth reading just for that Curious how much CO2 the PG&E forest fires emitted maybe he had higher priorities than his own comfort? with what? it's a nefarious underhanded dump to legetimize misspelling deprecate as depricate Visiting a foreign country and walking 5-15km a day is a sure fire way to lose weight Important enough to promulgate a wrong spelling of deprecate? It doesn't for me in my rss reader :( Your reply is tangential to my post, except for the last paragraph, in which you make an astounding claim that there is some place in my country where a taxing authority fails to apply a tax. Rather than me search for your myth, perhaps you can show me an example? (I know plenty of people with land more than 100 miles outside a metropolitan area, and they do have roads, electricity, and schools. Water is from a well, and the govt does not supply internet. Some places have a county hospital, some don't) very old dr told me he noticed the techs who gave him his shots failed to follow the best practice he was taught, which is to withdraw the plunger to see if you pull out any blood. If you draw any blood you have hit an artery and need to start over. His vax people just stuck it in and plunged, no testing. Clean Code advocates that the length of a variable name should be proportional to it's scope. That's worked well for me on a qualitative level For men, at least Use cfiresim or any other retirement calculator and you can choose your length and mix. We don't have to rely on the calculations of someone from 1993... What does this paragraph mean? "Richard has consistently been modest in his foppish and modest lifestyle thanks to the finances he made from his schemes. There have always been questionable transfers connected with HEX from the beginning. According to his Twitter Page bio, he possesses the world’s giant diamond, fastest Ferrari, and priciest Rolexes." my great-granddaddy used to praise someone saying "you can't hook 'em up wrong" This is true but also true for AA and several other airlines, for reservations and more but not crew scheduling. Sabre is old, huge, and complicated, but is not at fault here. They run on a specialized version of Sabre that doesn't work the same as the other airlines on Sabre (AA, etc.) which is one reason you don't get SWA flights in Orbitz, etc. Filmora Ultra. FU. perfect. We met a woman living Van life at a national park. Offered her the shower in our hotel room. She promised to name her children after us and clean our toilets. "After a while," she explained, "the alcohol wipes are merely moving the dirt around." I thought mixing Rust with C was supposed to be safe? For many years, I would roll out of bed and do repeat sets of pushups and situps. I would replace the situps with the plank now that I know better. I could not figure out a simpler habit than "wake up, start" I believe she was living van Life by choice. Her story was she was on disability from the military. Everything was in good repair, and there were no rooms available in the national Park where we stayed (they're usually booked up two years in advance) Of course I'm an idiot--we all are. However that has nothing to do with that paragraph being incomprehensible. You can set your withdrawal rate in the mix of your assets. It does much more than confirm or not the 4% rule. There's also firecalc which is similar but has a weird user interface. Is nomography the art of embedding content in an attachment instead of using the web page itself? if you stored photos there it would be a photoshed it makes for a funny read. people are very passionate about your Texas errr Texts pretty sure someone did. They were tracking their coins in an MS Access database or something like that, and when they needed to mine more, it just meant adding some more rows in the database You are both right:) Thanks! No, I think _Chuck_ is the TV show that used pineapple as the emergency signal, not _Reaper_, though that would have easily fit in. Well, neither Texas nor Florida suffer from "atmospheric rivers". Not sure California is ready for hurricanes though. /s Only if satire can send you to jail for fraud it has been a while since I have had to rent an apartment, but the flip time was usually a week for the cleaning, not 2 months. Apartments are always showing, and people have to give notice so the managers know what's coming availabile. The idea of sequestering people in government housing projects far away from jobs and food has not turned out such a good idea. Housing the homeless is a much tougher problem than putting some people on the moon for a few days maybe they didn't know how to spell Xzaviar and this was the best they could do? iirc, minecraft's musician was a contractor. Or was it poet? -a man who wants to know if she's late -a man who wants to be out hunting bison when she's likely to be grouchy -a man who wants to be home from hunting when she's likely to be doubled over with cramps -a man who wants to know when the moon will light up the night -a man who wants to know when the night will be especially dark Probably someone with imagination might be able to come up with a longer list of why a man would want to know a 28-day cycle.... that was apparently covered. If you made something based on the license while it was in effect, you are perpetually covered. Once they revoke the license, you can no longer make new work. That's how I read it anyway he addressed all those didn't he? "Queen Victoria, Chinese Gordon is on line one. Shall I tell him to hold?" were they ruling it or plundering it for most of that time, and after they started ruling, how long did it last? The same argument could be made for Great Britain and the United States as well since the colonies were a part of GB for centuries. I think the same argument for Canada applies to Australia: there must be a critical mass of well weaponed insurgents before the time delay makes too much of a difference. You put that better than anyone else could have! ;) Needs a [in overpriced cities] tag, like [in mice] I took 4 hours/day of a human language class with 3-4 hours of self-study/memorization using Anki. As a result of the class time (9am-1pm), got into a regular and sufficient sleep schedule. In about 2 weeks, I noticed my short-term memory had improved. I knew a bunch of people who manage to squeeze less than 4 hours of work in an 8 hour work day. I kinda think TikTok, wow, candy crush, etc are are secretly funded by communists to bring down the capitalist west from within and housing in the flood plain is still being sold as water-front property [flagged] nutrition science is right up there with social science in the competition for ironic names Having to register a NID of a URN would stop most developers from using official URNs (costs time&money for possibly no immediate benefit --tragedy of the commons) One change guru had an often unspoken rule: -Culture follows Process (Especially the budgeting process). I wonder if they would have even started if they had hired a consultant who knew what they were getting into? Insulin is up that much because of regulations that prevent entry by other competitors [flagged] parkinson's law. no, really, this is fully laid out in his essays from the 1950s. If you have not read them, you should. They are easy and insightful. otoh, I worked with a guy who was so mock heavy that he actually wrote real mocks for hash table for each test. I worked with another guy who mocked out so much external behavior that he couldn't figure out why his stuff never worked, not doing the necessary work to ensure that his expectations of external behavior were actually still met ( if you're going to mock out external behavior, you need to add in tests that ensures your expectations are valid). There is a place for Mocks, but I have found the other varieties of test doubles to more useful... they did raise the price, but in a surprising turn of events, their costs went up and outstripped their price increase Don't scale? It seems like they may outlast the Unix millennium...