I don't know about Russians, but Shift-JIS/cp932 is still popular in Japan as if Windows never supported UTF-8, so perhaps something similar is happening there. Not sure what the materialization of that suspicion might look like -- competitors trying to crush DO's business? mass account creation or mass fraudulent logins? "mining crypto"? What I could come up felt quote-unquote legit grounds for a timed suspension but only instinctively so. > why do they think people will buy this? Extra salt to wound: and what kind of profit/revenue/result is it going to generate other than the fact that it consumes power? The more I look back at the maker movement, the more it looks a structurally self extinguishing fire. You need gaze tracking when you've got more than 2 displays. When your consciousness thinks the pointer arrow is around the content you intend to interact and your eyesight can't pick it up because it is actually 1920px away to your side it starts to feel confusing than just frustrating. Can’t recall a CPU socket that isn’t lever locked ZIF since Coppermine... You get $9 for hypothetical blood splattered on your hand or you get worse than nothing for nothing That controversial new English subs seemed much more accurate to me than the old baseline, though I can’t speak for Italian dub . After all it’s about a language that up until the last century “being rather unhateful” meant a girl’s stuck to a guy like a magnet, so... I believe they don't? The most basic types of pagers are receive only device just like a FM radio is. The network is supposed to be sufficiently loud and clear and practical, and that's it. I wonder if we will be to trust Mitsubishi designed wing root components should they fly. "building software from scratch" as in `make clean && make` rather than F5 or Shift+F12, not as in "cat > a.out" "Does not have any known safety issues" sounds like bit of a stretch, every airplane models has few safety issues at least. Issues range from faulty windshield wiper motors(I just checked and there is such one for 738), to "may spontaneously explode and kill everyone in and out". The problem is whether the prevalence and/or severity of issues are under control or not. Thanks to NHTSA being mean Comma is more or less or fore-er running(than Tesla they say...yeah okay?) so There’s the self driving code and native layers that runs on a bog standard Android phone, then an Arduino like microcontroller handles interfacing which is more or less realtime. Malformed, illegal or out of range commands would be trimmed out if occurs. They also has a narrower than commonly used limits and that is reportedly insufficient for tighter curves on some highways but are done so in good faith I guess. Why is it dangerous? Self driving software instances costs a lot to develop but nothing to manufacture, and the cost cannot be used as an indicator of its safety or sophistication, at all. Yes and yes, but the alternative is you never enjoy self driving and the potential it has to reduce fatalities for the rest of your life. It’s a trolley problem, this thing WILL KILL, the question is how more/less often compared to humans. They do entertaining things as long as you are comfortably more than ten feet from the end where freedom is expelled at supersonic speeds though, like, from buying Titanium sheets from communists to build the fastest airplanes to spy communists, to letting own psycos spike unsuspecting grad school elites to experimentally manufacture terrorists “LEO” is vague, 100km lasts months and 500km could be decades but both called LEO. Yeah, everyone has a moment when they notice a wrong umbrella in their hand. Could happen immediately upon pickup or could happen later. From there your view branches into the direction of either communal property idea or an internal shame/rage/regrets. So far I consider mine a personal property. I happened to study the process few days ago. Officer pulled out an elaborate form, asked the guy if he wants his copy, wants rights to the item if owner didn’t show up, to which he said no and no, and then he was asked to sign the blank and was told him they take care of the rest. Took 5-10 mins max. Technically no one should ever sign a blank sheet, ever, but that could be done, I guess. Ones that do USB-PD which allows other voltages than 5V What if: SEO consultants aren’t gaming system, but the search and web is being optimized for “measurable immediate economic impact” that is ad revenue at this moment — due to web itself being in-monetizable and unable to generate value. I don’t like the whole concept of SEO, I don’t like the way the web is today, but I think we should stop and think before resorting to “immoral few is destroying things, we unfuck it reclaim what we deserve” type simplification. WD: this comment Seagate: ST3000DM001 Another reason to stick to Toshiba or ex-HGST(if and when available) Or you could root target’s Intel ME or AMD PSP if you know what the NSA codename(BYEMAN or ECHELON or the likes) for those are. They cared not to be evil back then. Now they say they do the right thing, and “right” is subjective. Big consumer techs offer experience, not products. The joyous Windows Experience of office work a la Job Simulator. Modulated carriers are rarely directly synthesized by logic circuitries, even with phased arrays. You tap off a “white light source” of correct wavelength just like you do with LCD. TX/RX rates are thus independent to the carrier frequency. Only local oscillator must to be able to be configured to the correct carrier frequency. There’s no technical guarantee of such a threshold though Also: there is really no central, balanced standard for justice/justness scale, but only an illusion of it(probably generated through said cohesion). I learned it being an non-American with some English literacy on internet, and am being reminded of it every week. Justice and/or “being nice” perceived scale is just an AI model of events around you that one uses to predict certain outcomes, and most of logic you see in it are purely coincidental correlations to aid in footprint reduction. I’m personally more interested in societal impacts to it. YouTube is an impactful media, and it is moderated by personal judgements of, low paid, unqualified “moderators”, who may or may not have PTSD warping judgements or has political or religious inclinations. I remember there was a news story of a Facebook moderator whose PTSD caused them to flag a legitimate family photo as a child pornography. I don’t think there is any other interpretation to it than that repeated exposure to images to flag will lead to the standards within the moderator to rise towards infinity sooner or later, beyond logic. This is a slow fire burning the library of Alexandria that is the Internet, because everything WILL be labeled as “hateful offensive violent pornography” or something, past which point only static noises remain. This needs to stop. We know how to wire FETs, we know this is an i5 and is fast, we also know how to solder thick wires or how to loosen large screws, but no one knows how to build even a Z80 out of some germanium is how neuroscience is understood in my understanding An FBI tracker under your car is not a privileged part of your car ESP8266 is not free, not secure, but open and fully usable(if used in its originally intended purpose) I believe modern cell standards use either NAVSTAR or base station broadcasts to synchronize time slots, adjust beam forming parameters, arrange call tower handovers and such to provide Tokyo or New York or Delhi relevant density capability, and thus GPS functionality is a requirement, apart from convenience of whether it’s available to userland runs in application processor. Virtual UART drivers for every phone since 3G HSDPA creates GPS NMEA ports on your PC and it spits it garbage when it feels like doing. > The LTE modem on the PinePhone is a ‘black box’, and runs its own Linux system internally. First mention of Linux I’ve seen wrt modem firmware. Interesting! Because it’s mentally easier to vote and move on than read TFA and discover items to rage on Preventative measures do not need to be just right so that number is no measurement of severity The original XTRAs system was like: X: portable for Japanese(B5, 12”) T: portable for American/European(A4, 14”) R: office typewriter for secretaries(A4, 15”) A: office computer for bosses(A4, 15”) s: experimental ultraportable Post-Lenovo acquisition system is: X1xx: junks for kids X1C : MacBook killer for China(14”) X2 : stretched office typewriters for Japanese(12” wide) T : Proper American Portable™️(14”) R: Still office typewriters A: X2 but uses AMD CPU W: the most best ones that you order only by accident Yoga: ones that flips fragile keyboard exposing 11, 13, Flex, Helix, Tablet, whateverett: experimentals The only ones you’d care are X1C, X200, or T400 depending on your region, religion and body size. Not going to solve your problem but... Same goddamn molex... Please, no... I'm sure Molex today has far better designs with much lower insertion force. There should be no reason to stick to old stiff molex. I guess SSDs are less sensitive to environments Shucked drives aren’t necessarily cheap, bare drives are always cheaper in my country Is it ranked from middle to top & bottom? Because both ends looks weak NVMe is always electrically PCIe and always M.2 or PCIe card form factor for PC users. If it’s 2.5” it’s 100% SATA. If it’s M.2 then 50:50. Idk but what I’ve heard is anecdotal small files I/O and boot time speed up stories so webdevs might appreciate it on next builds. The premium is dropping fast anyway. No, not US specific. I see some of sellers in my country includes stickers or keychains just to change ASIN. One aspect is that not everything has counterfeit counterparts, e.g. there is no counter-counterfeit to, specific counterfeits, products that require exotic parts, or foods. I’ve never seen a 4-cell(Lipo) knockoff battery for Lenovo X200 and I know the reason is because it is not easily possible to source appropriate components. So there could be specific usage model for Amazon of a person that could completely avoid receiving unexpected items. So like IPSec? e: I mean that doesn’t suck Can’t they create a virtual webcam device somehow What I should have said is that one is discouragement while the other is encouragement, and that encouraged events tends to lead to more controversial/conflicting situations... NVR700W, IX2106 or 892J (jk, interested in global options as well) I think there are cost aspects to it; athletes gets broken bone all the times without grave QoL consequences after full recoveries, doesn’t mean it’s free of charge or it’s okay normal thing. Every commercial network is a public network in a sense Isn’t coronavirus itself a kind of common cold? I’ve heard that “the common cold” is actually a few completely different infections that isn’t worth strictly classifying for the most, and that coronavirus is one of them. If so, this is “a common cold” except maybe death rates are statistically higher. Economy being a zero-sum game is a layman’s approximation, and not the reality, at all. Merely supposed to be that way in the days of gold standards. I think the most of those games attract only developer type people of past generations. I find newer games less addictive which is not the case IRL. Why not just lang:ja I’ve heard something like the following: “Any sufficiently useful AI research is considered a field of its own not relevant to AI, and, thus, the term AI and worthless research stays synonymous” e.g. keyboard autocorrect, travel route finders, web search. Maybe internet needs to learn how to paint politicians bringing up child porn regulation as molesters Let’s call that LaForge engineering(or Spock if you’re TOS person) Somewhere in my junk parts bin is such a PCI card I bought out of a junk bin at Akihabara, that has Mitsubishi logo clearly printed with archaic construction overall, apparently marketed by NEC somehow, which product brochure page disappeared after I mentioned it on Twitter, Had a pair of blown AA battery for self destruction. I never bothered to get it working, but IIRC it was supposed to detect removal from PCI slot(the proper) to self erase. So it’s not rare or difficult. Scotty or even McCoy might be a better fit, but having seen not enough TOS, my impression is Spock is enough prominent in out-technobabbling his captain in this context Unfortunately, in today’s App environment, no company = no signed binary = no relevance anywhere whatsoever. NVMe is somehow better in random access performance. Also ThinkPads before X240 has no space to accommodate M.2/NVMe as those machines predates the standard. Personally I wish(ed) if there were 2.5” shaped GPU than SSD though Is there any use to servo based arms other than to let students discover the word “IK” Were allergies 25% more popular before introduction of said vaccine or is it that infections play roles in healthy development of an infant? 8P8C/RJ45 is such a massive ongoing mistake You can but not on your lap Those older ThinkPads predate M.2 standard and since M.2 is longer than mSATA/mPCIe they simply don’t fit in case they needed a PCIe based storage. Hopefully it won’t grow into eTLA acronym. A microcode update is a binary blob loaded to CPU on boot. Modern Intel CPUs itself are sort of a runtime environment that has its language and program RAM. By placing said blob onto BIOS(UEFI firmware) ROM, CPU can find it, fetch it and load onto internal mini-RAM during power-up. The structure of BIOS/firmware ROM differs among board manufacturers and it cannot reliably be altered from Windows by Microsoft(its all the same in actuality though). Thus the microcode update blob must be integrated into and installed by manufacturer or as per their instructions. Personally I don’t care. I only care about speed. I want the latest AGESA, but I opt Meltdown patches be left off. Is it more important to actually stop bots or to deter kiddies by showing them captchas? Yeah and that’s a way to get some sentences. IIRC cell towers generate temporary phone numbers and session IDs so a person in distress may use even sketchy phones without SIM or legit serial numbers to make a call for help. Isn’t it wryly hilarious that lots of CP clauses in laws, terms and agreements are used like some sort of one harmless OS bundled app, that every vuln PoC take advantages of in demos, completely irrelevant to the intended benefits of the ‘app’? Like, hey, this type of content is less compatible with ads. Means sudo mark it CP. We don’t like this person have publicity here. Means hey mister CP. Everyone’s only interested in CP and it’s disgusting and we gets to decide what’s CP, so what’s CP stands for? CP means CP of course! So how do you define it? Instead of the central bank issuing new digital token(the ones you can’t touch), they can print a physical dollar bills(one you can touch) in markets. These bill will live on credit card payment networks and you are semi free to do with them as you wish. Fiat currency as it is is already virtual enough. There’s no need to have blockchain involved. What Bitcoin provided solution for is initial coin distribution problem, which its answer was mining rewards, and very little else. > The VIA Nano Isaiah core design, built by Centaur, would serve as the architecture for Zhaoxin's first CPUs. Even NSA has mobile pages these days!? And japanese looks six anyway by the way. There used to be a lot 5+ years ago. Abstract doesn’t say if mice wore the mask or were exposed to air filtered by this mask Also those joke RFCs are too thorough to the point they all work and that could strengthen impression that RFCs are “official” Loud is subjective. A friend of mine recently asked if my PC is okay in a very worried tone, I said that’s how I build a PC and he now makes remarks of his annoyance every time the afterburner kicks in, all while it’s just a cruise flight to me. Ryzen 1st-gen had the segfault issue, RNG issue, voltage/clock related ones and few more. RX480 and 580 were exact same chips, only the latter was mature manufacturing wise and had completely different firmware resulting in a superior performance. It’s true that AMD products has yield(as anyone else) as well as parameter tuning/compatibility issues especially early on. I don’t think their issues are of reliability kinds(like early failure in industrial Intel Atom) though. 1st gen Ryzen had some suboptimal values in some very internal parameter that caused incorrect DRAM reads affecting all OS. They accepted warranty claims and later released BIOS updates. I doubt ECC would help prevent it(other than maybe by being slower?) > Thus if you instead lay that teardrop so the bottom is flat The thing is, both sides of a wing are defined by some nonlinear polynomials, and aft edges are sharp. Machinists don’t/can’t use such surfaces for any reference purposes so centerline can’t be there. How haven’t PWA disappoint you Luckily 1/3rd-ish of those are happening over HTTP(S) over IP on PC. Primary means not rechargeable. Secondary is rechargeable. UX wise it’s also n-gram with n>2 and only works well with Indo-European languages. I think they’re selecting target demographic to do this, because for e.g. Japanese it means having Twitter account associated with their real names means they’ll be laughed at from everyone close to(maybe 25% literal) death. Same for follow suggestions based on IP. As for manually forcing a particular signed binary for a specific device, the “Have disk...” or “manually select from” route still works without that developer mode nonsense. That had been my excuse for ignoring my own problems for years so I’d add: If you think you’re insane but also thinking it could be self-mis-diagnosis, no, you are not sane. There is no such inherent contradiction in an ability for a logical system to detect its own anomaly were you one. If it had been a false positive, the fact that a false positive is occurring itself is an anomaly, and an issue. Some 80% or so of worlds’ problems are human interfacing problems than mathematical-engineering challenges, and its best to exploit native ability to handle it that we all received when born. Does it matter if it’s a failed or successful launch? Successful launches are more energetic but 80% in mass of rocket usually are thrown into atmosphere, ocean and space, 70% of which being fuel, and 1/3 being upper stage gear that contains all the toxicity and that often reaches orbital velocity. So a failed launch merely means the minuscule amount of hypertoxic upper stage component(the kind that found in Finnish mushrooms) adds into booster mass already destined for disposal. Now, SpaceX does recover some of their hardware, but they still burn and disperse all the mass into atmosphere so there is not really a fundamental difference. It’s marketing and economy. Means it’s free if you build a all-Aluminum rocket and fill it with alcohol? I can’t cite it but wasn’t there some requirement coming from music industry back in 2010s to remove all analog outputs from devices? Partly as a reminder to self: how hard could it be to build a noise cancelling/phased array setup for streaming? I remember it was called “the analog hole” that enables piracy, that was going to be closed by a future date, back somewhere between 2005-2015. Actually they've already found out that streaming and subscription slaughters piracy unlike stringent regulations which promotes illegal activities Are the game encrypted or signed? > The difficult part is actually indexing all file names okay, ... > and their string contents on the system ... why would you even do that? ls-lR.gz works. And that’s exactly what people wants 80% of time. CD is way overrated. Terrible, even. Like, if you compare film to digital photography, but film was represented by ISO160 monochromatic Kodak, and all the digital photographic technology was represented by a 640x480 prototype camera from 2001, instead of a RED or even a yesteryear phone, then it’ll be immediately obvious that analog far outperforms digital full stop. That’s how vinyl remains “superior”. CD is terrible, not digital quantization playback in general, but because it represents “digital” somehow anyway, analog wins. In defense of vinyl, real good vinyl setup sounds just like CD, only better. (said this in another tree but: my understanding is CD sucks among digital formats , not necessarily vinyl rocks.) I’ve heard it’s a substitute solution for billing address textbox for that interface That’s not an excuse for shitty experience, that’s materials cost/part performance justification. Think first-gen iPhone: by now it’s worse in performance compared to better infotainment, but infotainment still sucks. Windows Phone 7 was ecstatically phenomenal though, despite being CE based. You could do dual socket on Socket370, don’t know about quads though Quarts watches use 32.768kHz(1/2 * 65536 Hz) crystal, means its output through binary counters easily produce clocks at base 10 fractions of seconds. That could be then fed to decoders to LCD, so no need for uC. Well, at very least, Compact Disc is a 1980 standard... not like 20 years old, more like 40 years old. I don't understand why statement like above is met with a response like yours. It's a shitty '80s format that beat vinyl in affordability, why defend it as if CD is the pinnacle of digital recording technology? It is not, never was. Just say yeah CD sucks you gotta try DSD, and move on. Anecdotal but I feel some sort of acoustic 'odor' to CD, that no other digital formats have: CD rips and even CD-DSD conversion has distinct tone that tells the data had been on a disc. Something's wrong with the standard and/or its mastering. Did you know: Nyquist sampling theorem assumes, and only applies to, pure sine waves. Apparently this is a novice level knowledge in DSP community at StackExchange: https://dsp.stackexchange.com/questions/45032/suitable-sampl... Nokia decided to never adopt Android ever and that decision started the whole collapse, I think. They chose to maximize diversity of investment, while opposing widespread use of free beer software, that is Android as perhaps they perceived. That combined with Microsoft’s chronic inability to launch and stabilize new platform led to burnt ash of Microsoft Mobile. Had Nokia adopted Android and had Google allowed them to maintain MeeGo, a MeeGo/Android/S60/Series40 train of platforms could have worked at least for a while. They did, and the company exploded in their hands. The shockwave lasted 2-3 milli-millennium, and was observed as far away as Seoul from Finland, but not Tokyo. I’m not sure if I’ve seen that, but now that I’m grown up, those statements look defensive. He ridicules the price first, then later on says “it may sell very well, (pause) or not,”. What’s being said is “it’s a problem if it sells”, and the most fundamental reason he gave that it might not is the price, not, say, lack of Apple’s expertise in the field or perceived clunkiness of it. They seem competent to me at preventing disastrous mishaps and making discoveries past Moon/Mars colonizations Probably something like “offset printing retro” would work... Human diversity disallows even good-bad scale to align or converge well...there must be their secret sauce somewhere. Standards for “good things” eventually branches into factions with conflicting axes or criteria. Arbitrarily set and static point of reference can solve it e.g. a bible or a well though out system. I don’t think the former is the CostCo’s thing so I’m wondering what would be. > but my experience has been it gets taken advantage of pretty quickly if you don't ... If it’s like a Japanese word, pronounced “Sheeo Hara” without space. Literal meaning would be “salt flats” but this pronunciation implies a surname (like “McNamara” do) Test clips won’t work with it? Indeed, they always had that Intelligent Systems Co. within their HQ campus, as if engineering jobs needs to be “elsewhere”. Corporates always destroy gears to protect IP, so scarcity for failed gears is definitely skyrocketing as we speak. Spinning up a mini computer in the basement was a good stupid nerd hobby a decade ago, but I can’t see the same happening with retired AWS or GCP servers, now or in a decade. One thing I wasn't aware as a nerdy teenager was how everything is valued IRL in its guaranteed minimum performance, not conditional maxima. No one is interested in your peak performance, all it matters is consistency, predictability, stability, those robustness metrics. Say interview questions kinda sucks, but you show some competency still, means predictable most of what they have to throw at you will at least partially stick, minimizing factors. You could argue that a workplace that prefers a trait like that doesn't sound like a place for artists' dream place we all desire, but more towards a "software manufacturing factory" envisioned by electric companies like Hitachi in the '80s, if you do I think maybe it is and maybe they were right to a certain extent. Can’t you apply a minuscule power and watch out for overcurrent? It pays to be user hostile. Draws in fresh blood. Keeps diversity high. Customer satisfaction is a metric, not a goal. I think that’s the reality. I mean, some sort of non-super-conducting MRI analogue device that the patient will have to go through. Well, 3D printers does far better with quality parts, dry PLA and in expert hands, and thus people are stupid, except it works so they are not. WaveShare supplied code only allows full resolution full refresh with half tones and everything. IIRC someone figured how to expedite it but that someone had to. Not a cap, but a resistor-shaped fuse for controller bus power line. I’m guessing there’s something in the DC’s design that cause spikes on said line that fry it, like that archaic main power switch. > at 60Hz I can type at full speed There — there it is suggested that laggy console may slow down the entire main loop of our consciousness. Interesting! I remember many OS had "mouse button handedness: right/left" option in the 90s while there never were "left handed keyboard" in the history. X13? XTRA line started from X20/T20/A20m/R30. Before that was 3 digit like 600E or iSeries 4 digit like i1420. Doesn’t look like there’s so much room in that number scheme. Unit 731 is human experimentation, the ship is just gross political incompetence. To this and one above comment, just to clarify to other readers -- USB-C is a connector, can be 2.0 or 3.0 or 4.0, visually identical. There are USB-C cables with only 2.0 support and so on, in fact popular for people who just want to charge their devices. Hashimoto Gaku, Ministry of Health Vice Minister, has since objected to that account on Twitter[1] -- with a picture of what seems to be supposed to be a decontamination hall or a hall used as a hallway, with two parallel entry and exit marked as "decontaminated route" and "contaminated route", separated by barriers, guess what barriers, fucking queue barriers. Checkout line ropes. Classy ones, yeah. Coronavirus are respectable beings, you know. After questions as to whether this is a novel method of self-whistleblowing started to mound up, Vice Minister deleted the picture. https://www.itmedia.co.jp/news/articles/2002/20/news123.html Simply because it has been a control theory challenge. Weight on the wheels change, frictions change and drivers are expected to stop the train within inches on average, and a feet at worst. That requires some R&D to implement. Yurikamome trams in Tokyo runs in L4-L5 and Tsukuba Express runs in L2, in SDC levels term. There was also a L4 PoC in Yamanote line so that’ll probably come by the end of this decade. Elevators had been L4 for like half a century as well, by the way. I believe many unions of film-making workers demands its members’ names to be always followed by the group’s names zero exceptions, to protect itself and their rights. Show businesses was/is one of industries that unions worked. Yeah, bare IRC is like sliced bread without butter but everyone has an oven and some butter in their kitchen, whereas Discord is a glazed donut. Surely a donut tastes better bare. Not good for your heart as well. Now that most people don’t have a kitchen it seems like a problem to me as well. For fission reactors that is not the case, a fission core can be as small as few liters in volume without losing power, but are artificially kept to less dense forms, such that runaway supercritical events(intended or not) can only result in Fukushima and not a Nagasaki. That might be different for this fusion device, but for outdated looking fission reactors it’s artificial dilution for NPT purposes and by no way a technological limitation. Value Discord had over Slack was single account rather than per-instance in Slack(you register a new account over and over for each project admin you work with with Slack), and one fact people be skeptical of competitor is "friction" as discussed here of account creation. Identity is also a problem for lots of Twitter users who rely online identities to it because Twitter the company loves to destructively refresh userbases. So for civil rights perspective there should be single account database, THE Civil Registry of Internet that let you tie, link-unlink, manage accounts. A face-book in modern term but not necessarily in your real name or for always fully disclosing your genitals. What OAuth realized for a brief moment. One of the oldest core function of a nation, and we need it. Well that used to be my billionaire dream idea for this quarter and there it goes... Well a 'dead' SIM in an LTE Android phone with 4G pictograms means a few things, e.g. the phone hardware is okay,... ... and SIM has valid certs, GPS time is synced to few split seconds, your eNB tower-your Uu up/down freqs, timeslots are assigned and mutual auth is passed, cyphering(can you believe it? "encryption" and "cryptography" are apparently deliberate word choice to light up normies, "they" proper say "cipher") is set up, HSS(heard those are Oracle DB) through MME is accepting your IMEI + IMSI + credentials, HLR has your location, VLR has you mapped to operator's home EPC if you're roaming, your IP address is assigned(LTE is all IP), PCRF is configuring your QoS stuff, S-GW is routing your packets to P-GW, your IMSI-IP map is sent to SMSC and SIP sessions for VoLTE call signaling as well as for SMSC is up, your BS(eNB) is maybe aware of your location, speed, direction of your movement for handover purposes, and by the way one of many accounting database somewhere in there probably a table referred to by HSS says your contract is not valid as far as it knows when and only when you try to request something paid. (I'm pulling these all out of my curious nerd memory so lots might be missing, outdated or unbalanced.) So yeah testing a phone with testing SIM works... Just a few dozen Oracle Cisco Huawei Ericsson Nokia Alcatel gears has your everything in the database. Everything that has come out of human society is either arbitrary or due to our animal nature if you think about it Then you just set up your business so 90% of your company is filled with said 3-month workers at minimum wages. There’ll be no shortages of applicants for quite some time but really destroys the society. So no. No unless I’m guaranteed that upper echelon slot to judge them — no I wouldn’t want to live in a society like that. That's as vague of a key as the photo being color or has signs of modern lens coating One one hand infection experts say humidity protects you, on the other hand they say most types of humidifiers are disease incubators. On top of it it’s a fact that humidifier additives effectively are chemical weapons that works on humans at lower concentrations than it works for pathogens. We’re sort of in a bind — so how are we supposed to have safe air? 6-hourly bleached, heater based humidifiers running off the tap? I don’t either but I’ve heard the purpose of BI is to roll up every benefits into a single unconditional monetary compensation. If so, sort of logical. Whether BI is right or logical is probably an another discussion. Agreed but fair is nuanced Still only as secure as cheap padlocks, but battery backed RAMs were replaced with flash, and location for BIOS passwords keeps changing to different locations so not the simple matter of removing the battery anymore. Doesn’t matter if it’s laptop or desktop, depends more on how old PC is. I think UEFI machines use NAND or NOR ROM as actually nonvolatile NVRAM. I believe you force BIOS to think that it had been lucky but checksums don’t match and EEPROM save is corrupt, then load default and let password go. Works for straightforward ones like most Lenovo, but not for weirdos like Toshiba. Sometimes I see lots of Toshiba office laptops with locked BIOS waiting to be recycled as the result. So the drones has a few strains, Predator is a frontline ones akin to A-10, reportedly uses some Cisco VPN gears in it. There are Global Hawk, which is basically modern Air Force U-2, or X-37B or X-47B, controlled like stah-tegic wargame piece, and how each ones fly are different. For whatever purpose they fly Predators manually. No solid data on that. Everything’s rumor at this point in that front. Japanese Gov’t seems yet to decide whether to go cannonball or call it off entirely, currently bit on cannonball side which is how this deadline story came up. If cancelled, this’ll be the second time an Olympic Games in Tokyo is cancelled, that I personally find hilarious, but a lot will be fuming embarrassed, especially if historians later likely is to mark it an uneducated overreaction. “in Japan if you test positive the hospital gets quarantined losing tons of money” is at least inaccurate, Japan has national healthcare that short-term “sales”/cash strapping don’t matter for hospitals. Economy wise there’s nothing for their corporate to lose OR gain. Is it that anti malaria or HIV drug happens to be effective or are those weak poisons used in the hope that the subject individual outlive the pathogens under its influence https://www.france24.com/en/20191230-china-chinese-scientist... Also, you and I random are not wearing it correct, that’s basically given. It requires regular trainings and tests. Just make a 10 feet cable and route it from a push button double sided to back of your display all the way to PWR_BTN header. That’s how I do it. I’ve read somewhere that manufacturers use extenders as replaceable receptacles for testing. The slots are rated for so many insertion/removal cycles so you’d want them replaceable. That’s just Japanese “Roman” alphabet: Consonants [(None), k, s, t, n, h, m, y, r, w], followed by, Vowels [a, i, u, e, o] forming 5x10 matrix, + semi-voiced ゜(p replaces h) and voiced ゛(g, z, d, b replaces k, a, t, h)signs, + silent “nn”, - wi wu we. (aka NES Dragon Quest spell of resurrection) Morpheus: “Wha’tt if I said — we monetized it, successfully, Neo.” To be fair, AMD also has that "integrated backdoor" for the sake of argument, called Platform Security Processor, sharing acronym with extremely popular game console just like Intel ME does with extremely often mentioned Input Method Editor(s). Obvious response to this rn in the country is "but parents has jobs, especially healthcare workers, the fuck are you thinking" Japanese fiscal and school year ends/starts 31st March/starts April 1st rather than 31 Aug/1 Sep. In a three semester school year, 1st semester is from Apr-Aug, 2nd from Sep-Dec, 3rd from Jan-Mar. This will cut short 1/3 of the third. Probably not counterfeit, just automated scalping/drop-shipping. Rampant on Amazon these days. Can’t you just type “1984” or “Alaska” while focused on the dropdown to select on modern browsers > A corporation isn't going to pay to keep garbage registered at a high fee Look at patent registry Welcome to the Mass of the Church of Decentralization. Here is your baptismal wallet address. Well there are plenty of painful diseases without a cure or effective pain mitigation short of euthanasia. I thought the notion of OTP is that there is absolutely nothing to decode, prove or disprove ciphertext? Like if ciphertext is "supersecret" then it feels like plaintext can't be more obvious and OTP must be "00000000000", but there's nothing anywhere to logically/mathematically support it. OTP could be something else and plaintext could be "hackernews" or "ycombinato". In reality a simple XOR with a random sequence preserve enough entropy of data that I've heard you could make out voices if used on media, so payloads must be scrambled, but that's not recovery, only a guess. ANY reuse breaks that notion and make it not an OTP cryptography. > They just don't understand at their core that once an argument is shown to be false, it can never be reused. I'd frame it as that it doesn't matter to them. People who aren't in a feedback reward loop with the reality or with others feel no consequences, need of change or improvement. An engineer like you would generally want things to be correct regardless of outcome, but for general internet idiots or lots of startup self-appointed C-classes, sadly that is often not the case. I think the 3D effect is just a conversation starter. The purpose of this is to add couple new slider options to Lightroom. Both side's on it. In fact there's no sides. Just that Twitter is competent at removing constructive elements and distilling hatred/rage/anger for profit and it's working against you. There are few ways to strip out some of their 10-year "improvement" and oh how deserted it looks under there... It makes for good stats and it makes revenues. For those angered victims they would express sympathy if that's what you are going to ask for I guess...? My fear is this is going to destroy the society in a decade or two but then not many company survive that long so in financial risktaking standpoint this can't be significant. Wow, never thought of 98/98SE as 4.x point releases, or Me as 5.0, or XP Home and Pro as descendant SKUs for 3.1 and NT 3.1. What would be the ways to keep JavaScript virtually “off” but viewable? I mean, it’s all the same framework-min.js working like a modern COBOL, not like custom mathematically significant compression or advanced dynamic P2P webpage distribution, right? Feels to me like a meta rendering engine could be created so none of the functions needs to be runtime evaluated or content be fetched by it or whatnot. Only if it works and scales? NVIDIA can still build like 128 core ARM if they absolutely has to. Mandalorian solved it by completely replacing all lighting with an LED videowall room showing camera tracked cubemap texture fed realtime from Unreal In layman's response that sounds like that network could use normalization Or a known zebra background with Phillips Hue from all directions Spinning it in a way that doing it becomes a threat to business continuity? If they’re deducted $0.15 from income, paid to you, on spot each time they query that information, or if it adds 0.015% to probability of their stock crashing in that quarter quantifiably, then I’d expect it’ll be gone forever before any of their C-class stands up for some coffee next time. The reality is roughly reverse of that. Revenue sharing is not my point. Some platforms do and makes no difference. What I am describing is a destructive change to revenue streams for ad companies. That is as nonsense as reversing direction of couple major rivers and I know obvious open question will be how in the world. *the gear in the middle So everyone knows that aluminum develops a chemically stable oxidation layer that prevents ionization, or something like that. In reality though, that layer shows zero mechanical strength. You don’t see that with aluminum products but only because they are always anodized. Without anodization or just left in the wild, aluminum develops white salt like corrosion on its skin. I have anecdotal experience of this with a PowerMac G5. It was a school computer, I got to see inside, and years later I found fingerprints of my younger self permanently engraved on it. Also the feature size is in μm range, so I imagine a flashlight or barcode gun shaped UV camera device to observe interference or reflectivity would be possible. Kinda interesting that they were bragging about capacity retention and accelerated charging then 85/90 packs started their combustion processes worldwide. My hyperbole: It’s known that preexisting conditions contribute to deaths: if we presumptuously view atmosphere in a Chinese city as a condition, then the Wuhan death toll makes some sense. Also for “just the flu”: it’s a coronavirus. A cousin of common cold. So it gets you like common cold, you usually don’t know when or where or how you got it. Most effective prevention, not vaccination, not facemasks or spacesuits, but washing hands often, facing away from people when sneezing, eating more vegetables, getting good nights’ sleep, those mom of 5-year-old kid items. There are not many effective meds save for NyQuils and lab experiment Ebola shots. I think “just the common cold” is a technically accurate description regardless of whether it’s world ending or not. Actually not mirrored, just duplicated and joined at the concrete face. Mirrored would rotate in the same direction. Then it’ll “create two universe worth of energy” at the center of it. “He strives to complete his tasks to our satisfaction” Iron Dome is a guided SAM against (unguided) munitions for kill by kinetic hit or close proximity explosion. A ground radar track hostile munitions, fly the missile into its face to kill like a bullet actually hitting another midair. So they wouldn't like designers of its adversaries to know how to fly shells to avoid it. I don't think that's flawed, that just says they wants coders, not talents. They're known for good pays and cream of the crop employees, that doesn't mean their business requires or relies on those irregular capacities. They very well could be "daily driving a 911" so to speak, while nerds around assume they track it. Matcha is just milled green tea brewed in a mug and beaten up, like coffee and espresso difference No it's not about comfort. MAX engine shroud is too far forward to the point it act as canards creating pitch up force at high AoA, in a self reinforcing manner into a belly up into irrecoverable stall. MCAS prevents this by quickly pushing nose down back into airstream. I believe there were discussions earlier on that the FAA requires all civilian airliners to have positive static stability, aka CoL comfortably behind CG so air resistance straightens the attitude without inputs. The opposite of positive static stability is Fly By Wire based 4th-gen onwards jet fighters like F-16, that has CoL only barely aft of CG, that replace aerodynamic stability with electronic PID controllers multiplexed with manual axis inputs for each axes. Those planes could go into a spin over some axis that make sense if at any moment FBW loses control. The fact that MAX needed MCAS, an FBW-like system, to meet FAA standards is itself wrong, and implementation to make it a ghetto nonredundant trim system rather than full FBW is also wrong. Automotive peoples’ mindset of safety and computing is weird. They say it’s better to floor it when leading car is not moving, or better to engage lane centering at a borderline safe moment, to make drivers used to it. Or they say they want computers to delay software edge-case issues after it had occurred. They have passions but the whole industry don’t seem to have much background handling sentient beings. Actually when Subaru first built their EyeSight system, it was almost Tesla Autopilot, but Japanese authority feared it’ll lead to Autopilot type crashes. The authority was right in hindsight, but then couldn’t conceive the idea of mandatory driver monitoring system, and instead ordered Subaru to ensure driver is alert by making intervention too little and late. So most LKA/LKAS should do just as well as Tesla’s, only the firmwares are built deliberately with different parameters. Technology wise it should be the same. > wonder if these non-Tesla manufacturers are getting pre-fab'd chipsets from the same place That's exactly the case. The 'strains' I'm aware of are Subaru/Hitachi, MobilEye, NVIDIA, Bosch, Continental and there shouldn't be more than 3 other than these. Most car manufacturers buy one of these or pay one of them to install another of them, as a camera that speaks in steering angles. You'd notice a lot of those camera units look identical across brands. I think yours is MobilEye(same as Tesla AP1). Why is it 19V for laptops? I had suspected it’s to compensate for voltage drop at linear regulators. Batteries are either 11.1(3.7v 4 cells) or 14.8(3.7v 3 cells 1-3 parallel) and these voltages doesn’t seem immediately consistent with ATX12V to me. What they are saying is that in the case with their setup they can't trigger shutdown or hibernation without a backed up KVM. I’d assume whether this runs escalated or not is considered not relevant Actually incorrect in textbook sense, but widely accepted in recent years to avoid specifying gender. First: SARS-CoV-2 is the virus, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome-CoronaVirus-2. COVID-19 is COronaVIrus Disease-2019 which is the disease caused by CoV-2. Second: Flattening the curve isn't about shortening any duration. The Y axis is the number of infected. In the Red Line scenario, like packets overflowing a buffer, patients above the dashed line will (have to) be medically neglected. Rest assured, our immune system will eventually gain the upper hand, the virus will eventually decides its job done, red line settles, we'll congratulate the lucky few who won scarce beds at surviving hospitals, as well as those who treated themselves next to remains of deceased hospital staffs. Then we will assemble at rubble of our cities and start walking towards the former glory of human civilization up until 2020(hyper exaggeration). The Blue Line, "Flattening the curve", lets us avoid that apocalyptic situation: by boldly suppressing infection early on and spreading it out to a longer duration, ignoring economical disaster ensuing, no patient will be left behind . The hope is that by allowing every patients to be semi-adequately treated WHEN infected(not IF infected), total population of alive and recovered combined at the end of this pandemic at maybe late 2022 or so is going to be far better than the Red Line scenario. So we'd want to flatten the curve. Green, is just a pipe dream. Makes no sense. If that's possible we might as well get production back up full over in China. I think there's an important, sub-vocally communicated notion: the containment had failed long ago, and there is an ongoing pandemic. Many stays asymptomatic, some experience manageable illness, some would need to stay at ICUs, around 0.5-1% life will be lost, but we will all(~70%) get infected. Ideas that requires or aims at containing infection or isolating infected few are useless. We must all accept that almost all of us are situationally required to "schedule" an infection, and fortunately, exact time, place or severity of it is left to our discretion. We must be aware of these facts, and must use it to our maximum advantage, starting from washing hands often. Aren’t we just allowing the idea of licensing contract overwhelm ourselves for little reasons? When you buy a book, you own the hardware but not IP. You’re “licensed a nonexclusive irrevocable right to use, that allows reverse engineering but without sublicensing clauses” aka you can’t xerox the full book and sell it for $5. When you buy a sandwich, same except hardware can be eaten. Really the deal of “mandatory licensed” software is that you can’t pirate it, and that should already be covered by laws. It should not require a million page contract and those contract mustn’t be much more than blank pages. False positive ? I’ve heard although false negatives (contracted but asymptomatic) can be up to 40-60%, but RT-PCR is reliable at declaring positives. The article doesn’t say whether the status of survivors are declining or not, only that they remain positive. Might as well make it a fully closed rebreather gear(note: CO2 removal is more important than adding oxygen) > reasoning is that if the only things you can do are China-style lockdown or nothing, Not nothing, the latter is what #flattenthecurve thingy is. Reducing the exponent thereby keeping the NHS load below maximum. What's the problem if you just log out and forget about it? Are you being stalked or fear you might be? There’s an update at the end of article, they already have some polymer SLS version in hand. Probably not using FDM prototype at this point Yes USB drive and SD card firmware is just crap as with any embedded software... Firmware is always crap... That said, NAND Flash storage is quirky. Individual bits on a NAND flash can be addressed or read out in kB "page". Each pages can be "programmed" aka written to, by repeatedly applying desired bit patterns (0b11001001 ... 0b11001001 ... and it sticks). Bits can only be set by writes, not unset. "Depth" of write can be deepened for longer storage or can be used to represent multiple state in the same bit(e.g. 0V means zero, 0.5V means one, 1.0V means two ... that's ternary). State of the art of multi-level write is something like 256 or 1024 levels per cell(bit). Above is for read and write operations. As said, write ops can set bits, but cannot unset(0b0010 can be overwritten to 0b1111 but not 0b1101). So, in real life, all data in the page is wiped clean before writing. However in erasing context, erase operations take "blocks", of dozens of "pages" together in few MB size where you'd love to specify individual cells or pages. This means a one byte change in a file on a disk necessitate few MB worth of erase. To make it even worse, one cell of the flash lasts only up to 10k program-erase cycles on ancient chips or could be little as 300 cycles on modern designs. Clearly a naive approach destroys NAND way faster that what is commercially acceptable pace. Error margins are even worse, I've read that ECC correction is part of normal read operations or something. Concerning all these quirks combined, clearly the flash chip interfaces cannot be directly exposed to OS driver, disk LBA addresses cannot be linearly mapped to chip banks in the ways DIP EEPROMs might have been wired in the 80s. Write ops must be cached to minimize reprogramming, and also must be constantly redirected to least used areas. Erase ops must be substituted by marking pages safe to discard. Defragmentation must be handled disk-local to avoid stray active pages scattering. These features called Wear Leveling are present on virtually any flash storage devices, since around high capacity cards started to exceed 16GB in size. From then, the controllers grew to support MLC/TLC/QLC technology(256 level per bit thing) or DRAM-less SLC caching(use part of TLC/QLC chip as SLC as substitute for DRAM write cache - used to be multiple GB of DDR3 in itself at one point) etc etc. In short, you're completely right that SD cards and USB sticks are "not disks". Large erase units and low endurance of NAND chips, that necessitate intricate nursing, is what makes them "not". (I'm only a PC nerd, not a NAND expert. Especially numbers above are through my Google-fu so can be off) Don’t know for China but there are couple sources and cases for Japan. What I think a most plausible explanation is it takes time after symptoms disappear for our immune system to finish wiping out virus. Influenza also has that stretch, though only days long, not weeks. But they already have one! These photos are so spot on, Kevin Spacey in his best time couldn't have done this. [0] https://www.geekwire.com/2020/jeff-bezos-wants-curb-climate-... [1] https://www.seattletimes.com/business/amazon/take-a-look-ins... One actual problem I had with a most basic Roomba(6xx) was it was banging a shelf in the room at exact same angle each run every day, which eventually toppled a thing on it and splayed water all around. I felt like writing a automobile recall notice that says “inappropriate X leading to Y after Z repeats” of which X seems pretty benign item like a wire sheath was just one step too thin or a strap was too tight by a notch. Damn those things are consistent and it’s extraordinary how powerful consistency is... Note: Create 2 is just low-end 6xx missing a few parts. If you're going to buy it just for robotics experiments, just buy the cheapest models that looks exactly the same(not E5, 690 or 800), or older(OG, 400, 500). Costs the same but when you're bored they vacuum your floors! Neato has been doing localization/mapping based vacuum since earlier, so they're obviously more sophisticated. But anecdotally with the state of the floor as the metric, 622 seems to do better than XV-11 despite being horribly dumb. These type of E Ink devices takes seconds to update Compatibility? Something like Iridium radio might still be using miniPCIe. And you wouldn’t want adapters in embedded. Atom version is $277-$370 on their online shop The article has charts, and from it the ratio had been 18 times as much silver for gold in weight up until 1875. The article also mentions it was 2.5x in 3100 BCE, 13.33x in 560 BCE, 10.5x in 300 AD and so on. The real change starts 1875 where it starts to rise and vibrate between 20x to 100x, trendline inclined at maybe 20x per century. And yesterday's peak was at 123.78x. Maybe I could say the human population is 5000 years high as well, except dips in population is much shallower than for this. Dialogue Flybook, is that you!? After a decade — and half!? None of that happens! Kinect is about to turn ten, and only two things that came of various consumer RGBD cameras were Face ID and VTubers. They're good for tracking and measurement but the data out of them has near zero aesthetic quality especially for its complexity. I remember the initial iPhone Simulator release was called "Aspen Simulator" and another codename for the iPhone hardware was "Purple" appearing somewhere as "Purple is the new Orange" or something... Is there a list of those? Implication is it's NSFW term in English(not usually interpreted so in Japanese but used for the lack of expression) They make a barebones car, put a custom Linux tablet on top of it, and wire all interior controls to that tablet. The tablet is an all inclusive deal from security to dashboard display to navigation to Netflix while parking, such that it incentivizes users to adhere to that tablet ecosystem. That would be a compelling reason why. The point is to confine people to very their telescreen. They don't want you flirt with other companies while you're in the business riding their car. Every Tesla comes with always-on cellular connection which their cars use to log onto mothership.tesla.com or authenticate your phone through it to allow you to drive. Save for small numbers of cars explicitly ordered off-menu with that feature removed, or has been hiding under the rock for six months, they keep the VIN, the connection, and rotating ssh keys to log into any instances of cars of their current models that have ever delivered, and it's not like there are trillion Teslas on the road. What's the investment money has to do with SDC anyways? It pays rents, buys food, keeps GPU hot but I still can't imagine the capital accelerating time-to-market all that much. People talk expensive gears made cheap, as if they make AI smarter or as if that "enables". The reality is there's no such AI that can steer or clear path to develop something that could, no? Like I said in a different tree, they absolutely want you to leave your phone alone while you ride their car. Usually done by dedicated software on a separate CPU that captures “wakeword”(mostly for technical reasons than privacy) We public know what the issues was. Apart from MCAS risk, I think the planes would be mostly safe for these one-off missions. It just has to fly handful times, from Boeing park lots to a depot in a desert and back from frontline after months/years. They are supposed to be clean before deployment, and can be cleaned by medical professionals before reflying. Or maybe cracks would develop and can't be manned after anyway, either way not much there is in terms of infection risks. okay so how long does it take to certify that and how different is it going to be compared to just have General Motors produce under license on existing designs Are they(expected to be) in short supply? I just happened to watch a YouTube video on this topic and can’t wish more if I understood it back in 2000s, or even five years ago. I’ve heard it’s the rugs repelling sanitizers. HVAC don’t look great as well and feels a bit like overall hygiene standards is as good as they were in their heyday. I had been having an issue with Google Sheets and Firefox that the app decides to change row height randomly. On Firefox only. Obvious solution to which being... Except, there’s always the (Libre)Office! I'm not getting the semantics clear but wonder whether having the icon on the homescreen counts as "visiting" or whether suspending the app first day and reopening it the next day counts app-subjectively as "continuing day one" or "reopening immediately" Would it work with SMR drives? Leica invented 35mm(135) format compact camera, and soon after added a rangefinder framing/focusing system. Nikon cloned it, then replaced the viewfinder with Single Lens Reflex system, a system that uses a mirror behind the lens and a prism in shape of pentagram, forward of viewfinder, to directly view through the lens to frame/focus. Those were introduced in 1930s and 1950s respectively. Since the launch of Nikon F in 1959 until some time in 2010s the viewfinder technology didn't change . Means shutter became metal and electronic, autofocus invented, man went to the Moon and back, digital CCD/CMOS photography came around, Sun goes down but mirror and prism SLR technology of 1950s just kept on. One of the reasons why mirrorless didn't appear sooner is because LCDs or OLEDs viewfinder suck(ed). They used to be in SVGA or XGA resolutions, refresh at 30-60Hz or less, few hundreds ms late, dim, power hungry and whatnot. Wasn't so advantageous in terms of weight or cost as well. Optical quality of SLR viewfinder never disappointed its users on the other hand. It is and always had been a joy to be able to just look into it and see through the lens, especially when films take hours to develop. Sony, however, knew that no one uses viewfinder in a point and shoot digital cameras, or no one has any problems without SLR viewfinder in video cameras, dad on holidays and professional broadcasters alike. So after they merged camera division from Konica Minolta in 2006, they just walked out and spoke out the obvious. Camera nerds were shocked, I was shocked, so were Nikon and Canon. Leica may have been laughing, Zeiss was happy collecting licensing fees. I was skeptical, and I could verify it feels very disappointing looking into EVF. But Sony knew it ain't a problem and it wasn't. Nikon and Canon probably thought the quality of EVF never satisfies professional photographers, from their narrow expertise. Easy. Just fly the upper stage slightly higher than wanted and shoot one at a time into the final orbit desired distance apart. (Payloads’ own engines works fine though) If I understand correctly, price/performance of higher end FPGAs are bonkers because production volume is nil and they are for simulating larger circuits, not faster ones. FPGA’s flexibility has potentials and they’ve come to comparable price range but won’t be in competitive range for some time still. Sunburns. Human skin generates Vitamin D out of UV damages to it, which plays roles in hair and nails but also in maintaining healthy thoughts somehow. Apparently kids in arctic regions receive “sunbathing” sessions in a dark room with UV lamps for this reason. I’ve been thinking to replicate it but haven’t been able to find much technicalities in it... Is "種" even acceptable as "(bread)dough" in Chinese? Google Translate gives me "麵團". Chinese speaking people are stubborn(from my point of view) about reading Hanzi/Kanji in their sounds, so landmarks in Chinese pronunciation aren't really loanwords. It's like someone sees "хорошо" and pronounce it "soppovo" because that has to be correct to them, but that's their thing(both ways) and it's not practical for single person to keep up with every pronunciations of Hanzi derivatives anyways so people just read the way they perceive. Which, I think, also means a Japanese word in a Chinese dictionary is not an implication of acceptance as a loanword since that process is very deterministic. Visual styling/consistency handling is so cheap it looks like a 30/70 mix of Trek and Wars(to be fair more of generic scifi than the established Wars theme), a bit painful to watch Patrick Stewart not entirely because he's merely playing an old man, Robots being handled as subhuman class not as Data was in TNG -- weren't they just another intelligent and equal species?, if I may be allowed spoilers no appearance of one key person of TNG... Last but not least, gave me serious doubts in current Federation leadership for not conducting mass extinction plan of every human with DNA traces of the Soong family, especially those with relevant doctorates, for the safety of our quadrant. Stall speed = minimum takeoff/landing speed(without margins) Sort of the “speed you have to drive on the ramp on a highway”, you don’t want to have to merge at 250mph From the article, apparently the purpose of the whole program is to immunize FAA of funky startup planes. With a NASA prior art as baseline, FAA people could judge what document is required, which part is novel and which one of “chief” is just a functional addict. “Face it once you make it” I think the benefit here is to be able to build and fly an electric drone without going knee deep into battery issues. Apparently a lot of it is just generated templates coming from commercial SDKs. Adding to that, a car is a set of distinct embedded systems interacting in a sort of a ladder network topology rather than a vertebrate analog like multi-core PCs, so a lot of code in a car would be redundant or has little footprint restrictions. > flipped it thousands of times This raises a question: how many times do an average pilot actually flip a switch over their carrier? Which control do you exactly need to adjust in the middle of a turbulence? Plausible though, considering Musk’s fundamentalist tone Ad freebies usually create net positive impacts That masks would have to be considered contaminated anyway under the current(far from apocalyptic) circumstances Isn’t that what TrustZone is People running this new “PALM” company probably never even had experiences with Palm products Let’s call it the Ocean’s Eleven Phenomenon, the moment when two or more experts be like “See that? There.” “Yeah, Christ, that’s totally that ” “yeah... 5 years old would notice” and you just stand in between dumbfounded Japanese language require IME to type, which converts sound written in hiragana to kanji: i.e. you type soba → get “そば” → IME suggests you “蕎麦”. Basically a stretch of modern phone keyboard correction but existed since the 80s. Nice side effect to it is while there are predetermined sets of conversions coming with IME, it also handles some arbitrary mapping for convenience, i.e. かお(face) → ( ´∀｀) or きょう(today) → 2020/04/08. iOS Japanese keyboard gives me following for literally number 1: 1 １ ① 一 ⅰ Ⅰ 1K ⒈ ⑴ I use SCFH DSF[0], updated for almost a decade and English support is a bit limited but works mostly fine [0] http://mosax.sakura.ne.jp/yp4g/fswiki.cgi?page=SCFH+DSF Just an idea, would it be possible to use plumbing pipes or construction scaffolding instead? I have recently reached to a conclusion that it must be an auto-gating feature built into human brains. Those baseless beliefs, conspiracy theories, denials and other seemingly pointless normalcy biases seems to occur when the reality is somewhat “substantial”, even if it might not be for you/me right now. I can’t say which of those people are ill, those who have , or those who don’t have that kind of “plain wrong internet opinions”, because the former could be a more environment resilient form of thinking. Those people are functional IRL, so there must be more than just being idiots. I mean, it certainly allows a lot of logical simplification... what if that was one requirement for self sustaining sentience...to be able to be casually schizophrenic? That would be too much of reality for me... I take it as diversity thing. Everything is so alien to Windows-GNU-Linux mental model. Not sure if there’s any immediate value to it but fossils of dinosaurs tells us what we did right or wrong. From my personal Japanese perspective the issue is clear: the situation isn’t tangibly horrible, so the higher up politicians aren’t amused. They’re feeling underwhelmed, betrayed even, that the experts they think who represent the virus are still demanding more out of the government. Actually the problem is low resolution and FOV of VR headsets. VR require at least 72Hz framerate at 4Kish which result in 2K 72Hz 90° ish stereo and that’s hard already even for moderate gaming PCs. As for pinned windows: fixed HUD is a no-no in VR games because it burns in same spot of your eyesight. When a HUD is desired, players are usually given a virtual or symbolic helmet that allow display to lag behind head movement. Sharp’s Memory LCD, I think. Combination of SRAM cells to hold state in each pixel and improved reflexive backing, otherwise normal LCD, so data input can be stopped without losing contents. Also to parent comment: backlit LCD without backlight looks like brownish tinted frosted glass. Transreflexives look like calculators and never like a paper. There were high contrast monochrome variant in those Memory LCD products and it looked like half silvered mirror, respectively. E Ink proper seems to require high voltage and current to refresh. It makes sense because power will be “amortized” but refreshing it often makes it just a high power high contrast device. Other “e-ink” displays has way too low visual quality and markets don’t like that. Brighter backlight LCD and huge battery usually solves the same problem better. IOW/IMO if such technology is to hit the market it would need to be closely comparable to LCD. I forgot to reply to the previous post on topic but is there someone looking for a single purpose typewriter laptop? One that I know is Kingjim Pomera line. They have a few reflexive LCD models based on some rare Toshiba uC, an E Ink model that runs on good old ARM926EJ-S, IIRC, and a color backlit LCD model that just runs Android Linux stripped bare(no Android GUI at all). Some people are running X on the last one. Those are only available in Japan with JP106 keyboard(think of ANSI with ISO return, ISO symbols and two extra keys next to spacebar) and I can’t assure hackability, but as an input... Dropping little apocryphal information here: Basically all 16-bit ISA PC Card(w/o bumped golden shield) can only handle WEP and 802.11b. 32-bit PCI CardBus card does WPA/WPA2 and 11g. CF cards don’t seem to be bound by this but I haven’t tested. Still I believe there were laws forbidding private purchases of military planes. Weird if export buybacks didn’t count. Are robustness and loose engineering the same/overlapping quality measurements? If so makes sense to be not strict, if not it’s you(and us all) rolling up two different modes of failures into a single classification. Everything Twitter used to and not anymore enable third party profit off “their valuable” data. It’s economically/strategically unsustainable or so they think. So I could point out that you started your comment with “You’re”. This statement is 100% correct and it’s pedantic. I bet you can’t argue that(but it’s moot! what has it to do!? Whatever the context!) I agree with you, the problem is not being able to synchronize with the goal or hierarchical chain of logic behind original statements, leading to remarks that are irrelevant, and I think it’s merely considered “pedantry” here by the looks of it. I had an impression that they might be talking what a digital I/O pin looks on oscilloscope. Scopes lock at first rising edge after last horizontal scan, so display starts at H, then drops to L after how long CPU held that pin high. That creates ￣￣l＿ lines on the screen superimposed to one another, X position “wiggling” ￣lll＿ depending on how many consecutive H bits just happened to be sent. When the CPU halts, the pin would flatline at H or L and you’ll know. Have anyone seen an MD04ACA400 fail btw? Wondering should I replace it with MN or MG or just go elsewhere, I’ve seen DT being said not as good though. Sounds like another direction to expand RAW formats. Accelerometer data is small, burst shots wouldn’t be that hard to take diff and store along. Then you could hypothetically feed it to Photoshop 2022 and run a 3D reconstruction. I've never seen it being sold at less than 75% off. "Limited Time Offer" you say, "technically illegal tactic" I read Yeah, mobile CPUs were always called SoC since at least flip phones era. Absurd some Apple fanboys think they made it mainstream or even invented it. Those are entirely false. System on Chip are called System on Chip because they don’t expose I/O ports(like PORTA through PORTD on AVR) to the pins thus can’t interface RAM or ROM or other peripherals natively, but only over narrower buses through internal interface chips/logics. In my rule of thumb, every surface mounted “CPU” between 80 to 200MHz across industries were called SoC from 2003 through 2010s. Those CPUs/MPUs that do expose I/O directly to be interfaced to SDRAM, LCD or equivalents of North Bridge chip on PC were usually called either MPU or CPU, often MPU for they integrate some peripherals. Those were roughly 200MHz and above, including PowerPC for NAS or x86 for PC for which heat or footprint were not concerns. Those under 80-120MHz were often called Microcontrollers(uC). They were also often self contained like SoC but didn’t count, also got a lot higher clocked recently but still don’t. Intel and AMD refer to their systems as SoC since Apple started doing custom SoC, and that might give you an impression that it’s new and better. That’s not true. SoC means CPU’s main I/O ports are not exposed to pins. What I've been personally and voluntary communicating over and over for couple weeks, is that the minimum volume achievable without exotic parts is _3.9L_ using "SGPC K39 ITX" case, which is one whole liter less than Intel Ghost Canyon NUC that measures almost 5L. (It'll be dense as a lead block, and loud and hot though) That’s not including PSU and a double height GPU, on top of being all exotic. Server platforms always had more RAM channels and hence 128GB+ options though? Last time I seriously considered purchasing some bragging rights few years back, retired 192GB Xeon jet engines were like $350 on eBay. Also I wonder if 64GB limit is enforced or simply listed as max tested, there are 32GB non-ECC Unbuffered modules these days. That's 256GB populated on 8 slots. No it doesn’t. Yours is 1.92L without power, 2.24L with that 120W power brick. And the difference against 3.9L is about as much as a GPU takes, so you’re just saying an ITX build with no GPU is weaker but smaller by what you just removed. A tautology. It’s specifically ST3000DM001 after Thai flooding where precision mechanical factories are located. I’ve heard that too. Fairly normal ones right? 25GB/disc sounds cumbersome to handle though. So tax unoccupied driving. In 2045: “ What do you mean you are going to DMV? You work there? WAIT. Are you still hand-steering that 2025 Prius!? And you still haven’t fixed that yanked off telematics!? ” Was the Magic Leap naming intentional? I had always thought that that name carried the message in the clearest possible way. Were people not aware of that??? More like dialysis I think? Anything ferrous, even tattoo inks are incompatible with MRI and other medical devices, so anything will have to be removable either way. That Pokémon is an arbitrary code execution, not “accidentally turning complete” How would one disable Bluetooth? I heard it’s equally hard on Android > This is a night vision test developed and published by WD Wright in WWII. It relied on a radium light source (sadly no longer available) to provide a calibrated, low level of illumination. So this is an equipment to test human vision in the dark, not related to EO “nightvision” technologies that the term more commonly refers to today. Doesn’t make much sense to put steaming steaks on a conveyor... A lot of places use tablet menu/ordering with pictures these days. Like a supermarket grocery ad but you can tap to add to your order and send it. That with a robotic delivery could be a future. I think it’s silly to scratch build rovers. Something like a motorized Renault Twizy would be a better fit. But faster driving and more compatible with roads They do? Just costs engineer hours to implement. So only fancier of potatoes get them. The area of research that covers from HDR to smartphone array cameras is called Computational Photography, I think. Just fine. Leaky coax is used since late 3G era for underground rails and some high speed rails in Japan. Fast Ethernet level fast downlinks. Normal radios in tunnels interfere with own static waves or something. I don’t see hairdressers as a trade no longer viable, after all they were considered medical experts until late 19th/early 20th century. I feel a strong division of producer/corporate vs consumer in Reddit today. Every sub is more or less a “fan community” defined by something external, something its userbase only communicate with over the counter, and that doesn’t happen elsewhere. SIP being fully effective would mean a monotonic reduction towards eradication, whereas it’s merely giving us a control That Arctis headset is great. The sound is quality is subpar for its price, the replacement band is hard to obtain, lateral pressure is sometimes slightly too low, but as a _headset_ it really is perfect. The only two issues my older Arctis 7 is showing are that the mute button don’t mute anymore, but just heavily chatters, and that ChatMix dial(a second volume dial to crossfade Headset audio and Headphone audio), which is actually just an analog pot, is starting to build up carbon as well. I don’t know why article states the wireless isn’t ideal. Thing’s maybe not YouTuber good but as good as an average mic. Idk but my impression is SARS-CoV-2 was named that way because it causes a SARS , Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, though it’s not the SARS. “SARS” include SARS-CoV SARS and other “SARSs” like COVID-19. Probably the SARS was too generic of a name... in complete hindsight, SARS should have been named as “SARS COVID-02” and MERS as “SARS COVID-12” or something like that. For a monitor, CRT did fine and gas plasma display was probably thinner yet robust so I don’t think things like 10 inch SVGA graphic VFD exist. There are some early laptops in pre STN LCD era with black on orange monochrome gas plasma. Sony IMX477R, 12.9MP BSI, “7.9mm diagonal” or 1/2.3”, pixel pitch 1.55um, Removable (peel off?) IR filter, compatible with C/CS lens mounts. No lens included. So like Pentax Q but hackable? Mac tends to fail meeting minimum graphics requirements. There’s no practical way around it. Having to purchase overpriced box on top of already costly GPU and wiring all up including one power adapter each for laptop and eGPU is already a bad experience. Already a terrible experience. It's also possible to outright buy Mac Pro Rack, a $6500 full depth 4U server, that is 1CPU all the way up, that offer neither any redundancy nor any remote management, if that kind of trash matters at all. I was warned far more than necessary about corrupting The Holy Windows Registry Hive, I think that’s the entirety of the problem with it. Feel free to call it a conspiracy theory, but I firmly believe the IME/PSP is an operation by one of those three letters. Intel Management Engine is abbreviated as IME, and AMD Platform Security Processor is abbreviated as PSP. Those are each same abbreviation as Input Method Editor, a mandatory keyboard input layer for East Asian languages, and PlayStation Portable, Sony’s game console which cryptographic security is famously hacked, by the way. That can’t be coincidence. Those are names intentionally chosen to make technical information hard to search for. So a “clean” CPU can only be built outside of sphere of influence of whichever agency managing IME/PSP, and of course has to be free from its Red counterparts as well. I don’t think that will happen naturally. GitHub is also much newer. Microsoft, its parent company, isn’t all that better as well. I think there were OneDrive-triggered killing spree at some point when they made backup to it more or less silent and offended by what people were “uploading to website” https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:List_of_TLA_disambig... BEZ, CJK, DXF, IEQ, IXH, JGZ, QFP, QTH, SJX, SXA, XPX, XVF and some more. One of the professors when I was in a university was from ex-national telco R&D, and he was very vocal about those “real” bandwidth/latency/privacy assured telecom techs, “far superior” than “toys” like TCP/IP. And that was for the sake of education. He’d hold his lab meetings in Skype, not over a multipoint ISDN video calls on circuit switched wireless ATM. Only when the show is on, speaking to us undergrads through the mic, he declined to admit that IP is more adopted. Circuit switched data looks pretty on paper, that’s true, but at the end of the day no one pays for or bother with it. I’ve seen an Apple engineer in non-GUI or hardware job talking on his blog about curvatures he encounter over the course of his job, so that definitely happens sometimes. I just saw this story popping up in a completely different place. Either this is a globally interesting story, or someone here and someone there happens to pull stories from the same source, or someone’s flexing propaganda muscle Or maybe it’s in part cultural. Deep nested hierarchy is not very Japanese concept. Probably bogus but hyper convenient and comforting so people keeps spreading it Display always had been the Achilles’ heel on ThinkPad but anyone who use trackpad and speaker heavily on a ThinkPad is a peasant. Just that 32GB isn’t considered “a lot” I guess. Besides DDR4 SODIMM 32GB modules exist, if 32GB is what you want you just buy it off Amazon and put it in. Don’t have to mess around with “what they offer us the privilege to be able to purchase” like with soldered RAM. Memory power consumption is overlooked but real, and they increase as capacity increase, so if customers aren’t going to use up it makes sense not to offer too much capacity. Kind of inherent to its nature, pressure sensing device like TrackPoint has too much precision and dynamic range to be hardware zeroed. Instead the firmware takes average value over time and regard that as the current neutral, and if your finger is on it longer than that integration period, the sum of mechanical imperfection, planetary gravity, heat, whatever noise AND weight of your finger all combined becomes a new zero point. The solution is to lift your finger off of TrackPoint and letting it wander until pointer stops. There’s nothing mechanically wrong or damaging in and around that, again, just how it is. Same as how digital kitchen scales or body weight scales need to calibrate itself upon powerup, except TrackPoint does it on the fly. So to illustrate the situation the input would be like “Royal, House, Hold” and whether it’s supposed to be “Royal-Household” or “Mr. Royal’ household” or “Royal House, hold ... ” is up to context right There are always people who “need” physically tamper proof software, and in a free state you’re free to express such demands. Intel isn’t the first nor the last. Like so: https://youtu.be/BKorP55Aqvg Anecdotally, I tried OG Surface Pro back when it launched. On my lap the kickstand was extremely unstable; on high speed rail chairs the angle of kickstand was extremely steep and uncomfortable; on university desks and cafeteria tables it was okay but never good; only on airplane couches and Starbucks tables, which I’m not as privileged to say I use with frequency, it fit, at all. The kickstand has reportedly improved since, but the problem is that it’s a highly engineered design for multiple but precisely pre-determined situations, with a limited adaptability. Traditional laptop hinges on the other hand, oh they work beautifully between 0 to 1.1g under any posture, if you could put it on a lap or table it’ll be nice. That’s it. Way better than the kickstand. https://msegceporticoprodassets.blob.core.windows.net/asset-... This image is from Microsoft.com. Think how much his upper torso will have to bend to look at the middle of his thighs. DDR4 DRAM draws about 1.5W per 4GB, regardless of chip counts. What’s the problem flying has to do with the virus? It’s a single strain of virus across this planet. You’ll just have to prove somehow that you’re not infected, by a certificate of vaccination, or a 15-minute fully automatic PCR test, or at worst case by staying days to weeks in quarantine, but there’s no problem in the mode of transportation itself. Cortex-M7 @ 600MHz, pads for PSRAM(8MB or more), microSD, wait, isn’t this thing Linux Kernel compatible at that point? The original ESP8266 ESP-01 was among such devices to add Wi-Fi to host CPU over SPI or UART... Linux with RT patches isn’t exactly RTOS, it’s Linux with such patches. RTOS are mainly for micros communicating with Linux. Lots of time they are just a giant C library that goes into the same a.out, that for devs look close enough to let himself pretend there will be an OS running his code. One upside of living near Tokyo is that I can say “I’ve seen denser than that” in arbitrary contexts See how Red Hat words it? “Red Hat Enterprise Linux for Real Time” not “RHEL RTOS” as if they don’t think Linux is technically not an RTOS. Or maybe they do think that way. And see that chart down that page? Shows RHEL for RT achieve 3.5 to 85uS variance. I don’t know what application needs it but 80uS is 24km at the speed of light. LabVIEW is NI’s bread and butter and LabVIEW connects to peripherals via cables and buses. NI not opting for conventional RTOS just means that 80uS errors are probably good enough for their usage. RTOS also often refers to specific group of lightweight OS and libraries more so than capabilities. People want small no-bullshit runtime, not always a precision scheduler. From that point of view, Linux is just a bloatware towards extreme side so don’t qualify as one. Overall, no, I still don’t think Linux is RTOS, I don’t think Red Hat says it is, and I think NI just don’t care. I’m talking the combination of a chair similar to that and Surface devices. I guess people who don’t have problems with Surface sits less often in surfaces that high and upright. For inputs, roundabout but easiest ways I know is to either just get a Pro Micro and use the gamepad library in Arduino IDE to make it a serial-to-gamepad adapter, or use it in conjunction with a cheapest no-brand knockoff Xbox 360 controller(which are easier than genuine controllers to mod as well) and solder digital/analog out from Arduino to digital/analog sensing pads for the same effect. The latter allows real Xbox 360 to be used(don’t go online with it, that is cheating). Xbox 360 is past EOL so I bet they can be had for cheap, steps to capture is well explained by millions of wannabe streamers, and probably less tedious to set up at the same time than a PC. In Pokémon the players and monsters only “faint” in a battle when lost Neko Atsume is on Play Store and App Store. Animal Crossing on Switch is being sold and trending worldwide to the point Financial Times had a short article on bank interest rate in the game as well And comma.ai the Palm? For some reason they really didn't like GTA being seen as a research platform and C&D'd projects. Is there any way to switch to KURS? RCS is always bang-bang, bang-bang means you input like PWM or PDM for rate and not like a throttle or a yoke for force. I think the thrusters are a bit too powerful even at fine mode and numbers needs more precision. Those NASA people put manned spacecrafts in an orbit that it goes around ISS few kilos forward, back, above and below such as if they’re orbiting the station in the radial in-out plane, so they could inspect tiles and admire the station a bit, then settle and start docking from a point at aft(Z bar) or below(R bar) the ISS. On emergencies they could punch Z and that’ll put the spacecraft cleanly away either back below or forward low then way up, you know how orbital mechanics does that. This little game is for the final approach after that flyaround. They don’t mess around going full throttle towards target retrograde manually at Intersect 1 from different inclinations like we do. Key export can be done out of band technically. Doesn’t even have to be through API requests from app. are you saying “login screen exposed to web means it’s compromised” Random examples of 5-7-5 texts in Japanese I found on Twitter: - 送料は別途発生いたします(“Shipping calculated separately”) - やかましい山に埋めるぞ六甲の(“shut up will bury you in mountain in Rokko”) - 国内で確認された感染者(“infected individuals identified domestically”) - 浴衣着て自撮りをすると怒られる(“taking selfies in Yukata will get blamed”) - コンパイラバックエンド部全削除(“nuking compiler backend sections”) - ラオスではコアラのマーチが大人気(“Coala’s March(snack) is quite popular in Laos”) So I think more than half of its value has to be with something inherent to Japanese(language) I think there’s subtle distinction, when they say “tech” it means web based human exploitation TECHniques aka “Ad”, and when they say “engineers” without specifying which(civil, mechanical, electronics etc) it implies social script engineering. I think the idea is if you think it means technology and software engineering respectively then they’d declare it a problem with your naivety thus quote-unquote your own fault. Personally I'm not so sure if movie theaters are nonviable. Nerdy stuffs are generally safer. Could it be Google+? 3 of 3 my Gmail addresses associated with their profile in some way were on it. Two of it I might have used to register a domain, but the last one I used for G+ and one other website only and none of any friends know this. Also I'm not in US or have US background, can't be from American friends' phones or retailer CRM. Kinda lets adversaries figure which account used which password from which breach and until which point Check account recovery procedures, change password for that website, check login history and active sessions, see if anyone had done anything that could be done through that credentials, on top of using random generated passwords in the first place. And I think you’re about to describe Sign In with Apple. Lease company surplus is always SFF and those SFF always has x16 slot at the bottom Fun fact: “no external supply” cards are supposed to draw no more than 75W, emphasis on supposed to, while your point also standing. Dell and HP use same name for MT/DT/SFF/USFF(in Dell nomenclature) within a same product line, e.g. “OptiPlex 5070 DT” and “OptiPlex 5070 USFF” > The Surface Pen ... the top eraser button which requires Bluetooth for some reason. It lets you launch OneNote from sleep out of pen input ranges, that’s the reason. Where are those names coming from-ish? idk but that does seem like it comes from costs, just not from viewer funding. I see your intent is an analogy but that’s exactly what they did in Jan-Mar timeframe. They suspended people for acknowledging the virus’ existence. Just CCP style. [flagged] I wouldn’t go for a laptop for ML and I don’t care if CPU is Intel or AMD... parent commenter is mixing up CPU and GPU Nah if your HDD is dying it’s either your task really demands it OR you’re not cooling them enough. If your GPU is dying it’s VRAM or VRM is failing under high heat. Manufacturers cut fan speed to cut fan noise until warranty claims increase substantially so they never provide sufficient cooling at stock settings. Rackmount servers don’t sound like jet engines for no reason. Things fail if you don’t do that. How did you cool them? I mean, didn’t you find stock fans way too weak especially had it been in a “quiet” PC? Russians call everything a rocket anyway. RPG-7 is a rocket, Saturn V is a rocket, Sidewinder is a rocket. They’re not confused about it, they regard all to be in the same category. It’s a bit political than technical that in American English guided rocket weapons are always called “missiles“. Same reason as J in NASA JPL stands for _jet_ though they don’t normally do turbine jets. So calling non-military rockets as munitions could be, I think, potentially more straightforward. > That's enough to destroy any single target, but but that’s enough to destroy any single target! Like some bunkers. It’s not like chiplet was invented yesterday Docker at this point is InstallShield infrastructure for startup production quality freewares IMO it's exactly embrace extend extinguish that parent noted that can be spun to kick CUDA out of the game for Linux which is good in short term. In ML if you decide not to kiss NVIDIA's ass you're screwed. Figuratively they have 100% market share. Having major alternative backend, even if it's proprietary, will force diversity and that has some upsides I think. In old Japanese internet that kind of bitmap-to-click tools were called “dot-tre” or “dot tracer” after the name of an app in mid 2000s That sounds like they basically walked in alone to Rolls Royce, McLaren, Ferrari, and Maserati dealership in fleece parka with an open can of Red Bull in hand, and it turned out it just don’t work like that Nothing prevents you from writing an illegal contract, even enforce it a bit. Laws needs to be enforced to have an effect. Go buy some USB hubs, some webcams, and a cheapest fake backpack...and try out Ricoh Theta first if you're going to burn that $1000 anyway. If nobody cared wouldn’t it be zero? Maybe the failure rate had been acceptable, ain’t fix if it ain’t broke style. I wonder if it has been the inspiration for Steve Jobs’ “Japanese are like dead fish washing up” quote, if Microsoft was sending dead fish left and right around California and he was sick of it. FITT360 Photovoltaic is a fucking photodiode in the size of doors and windows right? Unbelievable people think piles of huge diode in backyards is “green” somehow. I’m all in nukes since I realized that. I guess that's probably Apple in this context but Fujitsu is worse. Fujitsu specifically mention in manuals that lid must be always left open or else laptop could be damaged from heat. I've heard MacBook throttles under every imaginable conditions, sure, but never heard that they destroy itself from heat in lid-closed mode(a feature), so, I think I've read or heard Panasonic rep say a rectangular trackpad is Windows 8 requirement from Microsoft, Lenovo also added trackpad and Windows Logo Key(ﾐ田) right when they inherited ThinkPad from IBM. So I'm sure there are more design requirements to Windows than publicly discussed, and IBM was exempt from some of it for historical reasons that Lenovo isn't. With trackpad being a requirement, rationale for having redundant pointing device is weak I imagine. `echo 255 > /sys/devices/platform/i8042/serio1/serio2/sensitivity` Newer ones use shorter stick portion and reportedly they are heavier that’s true A square trackpad being required for laptops by Microsoft or something. Also third party TrackPoints don’t have that magical touch, they’re hard or slippery or drifting more often or combinations of them. Some UMPC models from Sony, Fujitsu, OQO, Palm ARM laptop prototype had it I think, recently GPD had it. Facebook uses email for important business decisions, Steve Jobs wouldn’t let his children use an iPad, and now Slack don’t tolerate remote work. Interesting, isn’t it. Things are starting to sound to me like if there was an authenticated HTTP “endpoint” that juuust echo $line >> www-root/channel/latest.log, then that could replace ~80% of all intents and purposes of Slack and IRC and Wiki with million-fold resource savings... So this is mass non professional nasal swab testing and FDA don’t like it. I see. NDISwrapper Could it be why mstdn.jp is shutting down? Official reason is lack of resource to handle anticipated legal requests but that sounded weird. Anything that isn’t photography is freedom of speech in Japan except genitals so not really Twitter had some drama few years back, Japanese non-tech users rushed into Mastodon and completely obliterated the federation, something like 3/4 of global DAU and volume at peak? That forced quite a progress for Mastodon project and left substantial pain for two cultures so there's a bit of Cold War between people taking Western or Japanese sides Wasn't that weeks-months after the initial in-rush? I think few instances crashed, born, transferred before devs split. That was a feature added later, mostly to address instance operators' fear for police intervention for enabling access to Japanese content(they say loli but even Japanese in 30s to 40s are legit mistaken even in court as underage, so not much to do with age, IMO more of specific makeup style or lack thereof) More or less “I’m not going to pay for your freedom with my privileges”. De-federation and Gab blocking are mostly for instance operators and app developers to avoid hosting illegal content and avoid being seen as sympathetic to extremists respectively. What people fear is either could be used as grounds to charge them as child molester or colluding terrorists or to revoke your Apple/Play Store developer accounts for life. I kind of don't like how "lolicon" is being used -- because pedophilistic orientation don't seem to correlate all that well to how likely people is banned from Twitter. There's a real pedo guy on it, who I've seen public about how arts don't substitute stuffs, who posts his... arts a bit jagged, and doing it for years, then on the other hands there are artists getting banned nth times this year posting an abstracted person with clean and continuous lines. My theory is there's a set of curve parameters that evaluate to "legality" in a sigmoid response that has less to do with ages or even if it's depicting a human or an animal or not, like a picture of desert hills looks pornographic sometimes or how sumo wrestlers charging evoke no sexual emotion. That human curve scoring yet to be discovered is, to me, looks like how legality is determined worldwide on and off internet, so calling those drawings as loli or people doing those curves as lolicon is inaccurate in my opinion. The more I learn about electrics and hybrids the Prius PHV starts to make more and more sense... except for that hideous face of ZVW50 I’m confident* that “AI” these days means DNN that takes n-dim input in n>2. Anything else is “contemporary“ or “conventional” maths or theories. * Read “not at all” Never heard of such conspiracy theory before... Looking Glass is just lenticular sheet glued to LCD, same technology as cheap 3D postcards and stickers from the ‘90s made of vertical grated plastic that you tilt left and right and picture changes. Probably not even 3D. Acrylic block part is just a gimmick as well. But reportedly they execute that principle super well, gimmick part included, to the point it looks almost VR. They aren’t sexy, isn’t that it — you want a sexy robot and RC servos don’t cut it Agreed, I’d think even if they couldn’t go driverless or automate fully, Level 4 system in Level 2 mode is great for standardizing behavior of trucks. How does that compare to General Magic and Magic Cap -- by the way the name can't be an innocent coincidence, could it be? [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Magic RSA getting weaker ECDSA suspected backdoored by NSA EdDSA/Ed25519 like ECDSA but community made RSA32768 might be okay but weird USB scope: $35 RPi: $35 Battery: $15 Screen: $35 hm. Out of curiosity, how do modern systems handle DST outside its seasons e.g. “12/31 21:15 EDT”? Pointy end being front on ascent, blunt end being front on descent, interior wise pointy end being top, floor be round, exterior wise celestial body be down and velocity vector be either where engines face or not face, is kind of norm for spacecrafts though. Manufacturability, spaceship designs, and space-gun designs are where norms of this sort aren’t very well understood among designers, time to time I’d think “how on Moon are you going to 3D print it” or “this is going to quite spectacularly flip and kaboom in KSP” or “just no way this gun feeds” Is that branch as in CPU instructions? We(edit: in Japanese) refer to the Git feature as ブランチ(buranchi) and CPU instructions as 分岐命令(bunki meirei). Old CS folks calls computers as 計算機 but normally it’s コンピュータ. Sounds like whether a word is loaned or created/translated varies? > Our window manager, snakewm, is based on pygame/pygame_gui. We do not use X11; snakewm draws directly to /dev/fb0. Whole window system written in Python, That’s hardcore! I suppose the idea is Copyright.AuthorId is immutable but its member functions myCopyright.grantPrint() or whatnot() are callable > 192.31.243.0/24 how anticlimactic Well that’s how they got the Challenger disaster. Reused booster ruptured under improper launch criteria revised for management and public relations reasons. Would it have been okay if it weren’t for the wrong go? Maybe, but still the potato quality refurbishment of flown boosters could have done it sooner or later. At least the H2 vent access arm can be visually verified retracted :p You can do the same elsewhere, any sufficiently large or deep social networking would work. Living in an autocracy is perfectly comfortable up until very moment it no longer is Soviet Union existed, and literally failed to put some bread on the table https://www.chron.com/neighborhood/bayarea/news/amp/When-Bor... Trivial as ordering a 2U 16 blade GSM modem array from AliExpress, sure Same for Twitter. Real names on internet? Actual phone numbers? You don’t need half as much identification to get stabbed by a weirdo... You mean sXGP? NTT(Japanese ex-national telco, privatized) used to be active on it, because national telco not being able to break citizens’ privacy is good for democracy, should the government or the corporate become corrupt. I looked up Google Maps and zip code for Turnhout where the house in the article is is 2300. So the address must be like [number] [street] 2300(Turnhout), Antwerp, Belgium. I don’t know why it’s not Albania or Andorra but makes sense it’s not Zambia. eSIM exists Could anyone educate me on how to dereference and unsee this article from my brain? I very much love cheeses and never noticed this ... fact. I’ve seen some mad man on Twitter talking this fun fact that 27th disk on Linux becomes /dev/sdaa and Debian Installer gets pikachu’d at grub-installer step just by having it So there are exceptions and you said “will generally not work”, damn you nailed it yeah it's a RocketNews story... I wonder what would be the equivalent to RocketNews/Gigazine/itanew in English world, Sputnik US maybe? Only for hiragana/katakana though Maybe those old dictionary software hold kanji as graphs internally and search as hierarchical trees. That would be far faster and more accurate than comparing 酒 酉 西 out of bitmaps as long as the user knows the order... Parent comment is about kanji and you’re talking hiragana pronunciation. Words that may contain kanji that naturally has pronunciations are sorted by pronunciation, yes, but individual kanji never even had an inclusive list and thus no logically defined linear order existed/exist. Hiragana letters are actually sorted from あ to ん like A to Z, but Kanji such as 阿 and 吽 or 本, 間, 新, 一 has no linear sort orders, is probably what GP was explained. What could be inferred from this? Does it mean the fatality could be lower than believed? Or that it takes longer than previously thought to spread? Or Asian countries could have had experienced it earlier leading to some level of immunity? Adversaries can leverage telematics(free Linux box and LTE module that works like Google Analytics for manufacturers) module or passenger’s phones disk issues? Buying handful units at list price isn’t at business scale I don’t know a more better designed BLE SoC than nRF51/52 though... I understand why they saw fit, if you don’t look at their media tab, a lot of influential content creators on Twitter are also Disney fans. If you do look at their media tab, the story changes completely, but if you don’t, the statistics solo should look beautiful. Looks like a completely stock S&W M&P 15 Sport II, 16” barrel, GI style mag, collapsible stock, plus a cheap airsoft optic. M&P 15 is a complete knockoff of US military M4/M4A1 carbine, except barrel is longer and has no full auto function to comply with regulations. Way too boring configuration to build from parts or build out of an 80% blank, and also probably not an airsoft. Disclaimer: I’m an airsofter outside US at best in the context Gew98 was the Nazi’s frontline infantry rifle. 8mm Mauser, .30-06, 7.62mm NATO, those are/were proper military rifle cartridges, just obsolete. It’s not like WWII rifles had wooden furnitures as luxury items. It took me a few second to look up that (｀ﾟдﾟ ) test in my brain...man it’s been a long time Everyone is pollen allergic in Tokyo btw. I mean that pictured gun is an M4gery isn’t it Is that an optical fibre delay line? Can’t we instead change “white” used in racism to something vague or indirect like “matte” or “pink”? To me those “identifying as 'white'” people getting weird ideas from that name of a color to harass others is annoying. (b ՞ਊ ՞)＜ Actually, (←sorry I digress) there aren’t many fonts that cover both Japanese and Chinese, much less to say beautifully, and as a user I’d say ideally the relevant font should be used in respective languages. Was. Whoever thought it a good idea to merge letters with similar shapes to same code points must’ve been drinking way too much ancient Chinese civilization kool-aid. What about number transfers? Some MNP implementation rely on the original Home Subscriber Server the number was issued in or something, so there could be paths between core networks among major carriers. e: already addressed, sorry something something Unrestricted Warfare I feel it dreadful to think uBlock Origin might not be trustworthy after all. But I can’t find any other reason why I don’t think that that isn’t the case. What you said is/used to be right but GP is also probably right, hardware companies love to migrate distributed and reliable system into overcomplicated but integrated Linux contraptions They probably want reboot after crash to be also quick I've seen server boards wait like 30 seconds before going into BIOS. Consumer PCs care less about waiting for PSUs and VRMs to warm up but could be a reason why it's not superfast. To me exceptions seem like interrupts for Java, and callback hell JavaScript webapps are like CPU that runs on unregulated interrupts instead of electrical current I don’t understand the problem with being inclusive a bit. Plants could be aware, so could be all life of all the Kingdom, we kill them and we eat them for own survival. What’s wrong with that? We’re just a bunch of talking animals. A huge bunch with complicated tools but technically still wild animals. As for sun tracking in plants I do agree with you it’s probably not a sign of intelligence. If that’s your point, you can just point out that part. I wonder why there aren’t more examples of speaking animals. Screw down a baby bird or a cat in a box, give him computerized English tests with prizes and/or punishments like food or electric shock or elevated oxygen level, whatever, 12 hours a day learning and 12 hours for brain to soak in a day’s programming, for couple months. Exactly above is an animal cruelty, but I bet something to that effect would get him speaking in matters of months to few years. Symbian had mandatory signature checks and Nokia Signed/Symbian Signed program for privileged APIs, i-mode phones had “carrier official sites” program and Java app players to use with... That said, the idea of iOS and App Store that you don’t ever sideload, browse from PC or web browser, or handle .ipa directly, as an integrated whole, do feel novel to me. Video author says these were supposedly used for demolition charges and not likely used for communication so you guessed right no the point is to prevent damage to road thus preventing a mini catastrophe like an underwater tunnel collapsing Destroying the truck is indeed overkill though In their defense, the metal crash beam on 11’8” bridge is visually very discreet that I wasn’t sure if there is one from YouTube videos. I think there’s no disjoint between being “normal/typical/healthy” and “mental/ill/bad” but our perception/modeling/worldview requires Boolean distinction(and preferably not ternary in which case a cascaded Boolean substitutes it) I think Amazon Echo Show line has video call auto-answer with a time window to refuse, so once configured the remote side don’t have to be able to understand how to stop ringtone and start talking. The average solar irradiance on Mercury is over 9000W, on Earth about 1400W, on Mars 600W, on Saturn 15W, Pluto 0.87W, per square meter(or per 10ft^2, or per 14 medium sized Pizza). Farther you’re out the sunlight must disperse to a broader area thus gets weaker. Inverse square law you know. Which means the solar array must be twice as large for same output on Mars alone, and solar propulsion is probably completely infeasible due to weight and volume constraints, if not structural as well, on Saturn orbit and beyond. For missions further out or for Mars missions that cannot accommodate twice larger wings, we must “carry our own Sun” for power. Which isn’t wrong at all, after all the Sun is a natural fusion reactor so solar panels aren’t like it’s free of stigmatic nuclear technology. Oh and also nuclear propulsion aren’t considered chemical by the way... I think you’re overestimating the minimum size of a nuclear device, they can be small as a larger watermelon. Yeah so let’s build an uranium enrichment center just outside Von Braun city on the Moon... Probably they profit from horrible communities and lose on some, and there are no clear distinction between the two, so they started to quarantine less profitable ones to stigmatize before banning them. They’re profiting off anger so “old” ones being angry has no downsides. I mean T_D pays and WPD takes, and if T_D is not quarantined but WPD is, it seem to almost makes sense WPD goes but T_D stays Wait, no Apple Glass? Yeah a part of the point of Intel Core branding was to allow Mac to use Intel without carrying Pentium name. There are words floating that A64fx is basically a SPARC with ARM ISA without much ARM IP in it, no idea how accurate but intriguing So I had to look this up: Docker do not rely on VT-x. If kernel has cgroups it runs. Hypothetically it could run natively on Windows NT, Linux, Darwin, Solaris, etc if it ported for appropriate APIs. However, most Docker containers contain x86_64 Linux binaries, so the runtime environment has to be binary compatible with x86_64 Linux. Thus, instead of going through the pain similar to WSL1, Docker people just spin up a midsize Linux VM, run remote controlled Docker daemon in it and call that as the "Docker for [PLATFORM]". This will suffice because use case of Docker is to debug on a laptop and deploy to GNU/Linux servers. So if ARM macOS runs an x86_64 Ubuntu VM it also means Docker runs. What about phone-related names: "Protocol 8110" "Model 1500" "Project Landline" etc. I think people aren’t good at understanding statements that are not actionable or offer them no immediate benefits. I think it has to be 2G GSM specifically, 3G UMTS do cipher that kind of holds, also a lot of phones aren’t dynamically updatable or updated smartphones GSM downgrade attacks as well as USB SDR gears came out late 3G era, I kind of trust 3GPP guys for protection for LTE onwards but if GSM downgrade attacks are your primary concern in your life you can move to Japan and get contract on au by KDDI as KDDI flat out ignored CSFB to CDMA2000 and went all VoLTE okay, I’ve mistaken, KDDI do have eCSFB to CDMA since the get go...my brain was stuck in pre-LTE launch era. Sorry. I’m not sure how “LTE Only” options work on every phones, moving across countries to just make a phone behave certain way is beyond absurd but verifying how it’s working might be a bit of challenge? regarding roaming, you mean a fake GSM tower with backend going over a VPN to a GSM tower somewhere the phone could roam to? That I didn’t realize. That could happen indeed. I think what GP is saying is TCP/IP is fine but TLS is not. If anyone’s planning to hack them, IIRC, DM30 is custom RTOS on ARM926EJ-S, DM200 is Linux on AllWinner(rooting available), anything else is obscure Toshiba CPU with very little RAM running unknown RTOS. Most of Japanese input happens in IME software so English support is more or less matters of changing UI string resources and keytop re-labeling There’s a guy who reflashed Pomera DM200 to run XEmacs, though at that point it’s just an ARM laptop with no mouse They pretend to “fight counterfeit” occasionally but the “rampant” counterfeits on Amazon is structural and strategic. Marketplace seller competition is a race to the bottom against all of global online shopping so genuine examples can’t possibly survive. Maybe software is more like laws, judges generally aren’t guilty of issuing death sentences Doing profitable activities illegal if done by ____, by saying “we do not consider ourselves to be ____” is the core of the business model for companies like Amazon or Uber Unless your definition of “game” primarily covers Japanese or Chinese apps you play to build a deck of playing cards by collecting spent $100 App Store prepaid cards through the process of paying iAP to collect digital arts of featureless girls with superbright skin made of raw springroll wrap, difference between Japanese and Chinese being either the girls consists of those {are FTM, has absolute flat chests, are chemically castrated men} or {has breasts larger than a sack of football, has breast larger than a sack of football and hair made of bare optical fibers}, then you’re spot on. As for “games” that falls into this category Apple loves them. The use of the word “fake” is misleading, they seem to mean genuine certificates issued illegally, not downright Photoshop’d documents. While the plane in the background is like ring ring ring ring goddamn cycle that gear lever pretty please ring ring ring ring It took me too long to get this so I’ll leave it here: Colloquially we call all aviator people as “pilots” but technically the person on the left seat is Captain and to the right is First Officer/Pilot/Co-Pilot. Like on marine vessels, the original idea is that the captain has the full authority to his ship and his first officer steers it under his order. That extra hierarchy lead to several accidents so newer concepts such as PM/PF or CRM rules were conceived, but as far as terminologies go that’s what captain/officer stands for. Sigma is/was totally planning to unveil fp with Foveon in CP+ until this January, before COVID-19 hit anyway... I think in that instance Sony wanted bad sensors back as many as possibly could, maybe to study or to stop any bad reputations. I had the same experience with a Sony camera, they took it and replaced the sensor for absolutely free. According to articles from that timeframe, issues were found in Sony CCDs manufactured between 2003 to 2005 surfaced from autumn 2005 to spring 2006, that moisture intrude through either surfaces of plastic packages or through a glue/cement used to fuse optical glass to ceramic packages, and thereon an iodine component in a glue used inside the package reacts to that moisture and corrode bonding wires connecting CCD die to IC pads. Ultimately it lead to a free replacement program for 87 models total spanning across 9 brands until it ended in 2010/2011. Not to downplay your experience but sounds like everyone was hit and responded in similar ways. I have a Nikon dSLR that seizes up electrically if left with 70-300 VR attached for weeks. Fixes itself if left with a fresh battery and an 18-55. I wonder how often that will happen with other brands like Alpha. It used to be two different boxes in Opera . Early Firefox or IE didn’t have a search box. To me the future of SDC tech is clear: General public expects driverless cars, car companies want level 3 automation, Google says there is only level 2 and 4 which is probably right, and the technology is going to stay level 2 for at least better part of next decade if not couple decades. What’s working is Level 4 betas in Level 2 mode with driver monitoring for safety, what I would call a “driving simplification”. “Simplification” applied to delivery vans offloads what used to require driver competence to machines thus improve consistency, and that will work for Amazon. Bezos builds self regulating machines that use humans, Musk’s imagination stops at exploiting human labor efficiently and there lies a gap I think. Zoom is Level 4, any experimental SDCs is Level 4 and all production SDC technology is Level 2. Few manufacturers thought L3 is simple enough to at least try, but all were abandoned for above reasons. By definitions, Level 2: driver always pays attention Level 3: car pays attention, may request driver Level 4: car do not require driver This seems simple enough, but Level 3 requires car to be able to drive entirely by itself + be able to predict situations minutes into the future, including situations that cannot be predicted. That requirement far surpasses Level 4, or laws of physics known to humans, Level 3 classification is thus invalid and there are only Level 2 and 4. Kids these days don’t remember Steve Jobs and his Reality Distortion Field... Automotive industry wanted a gradual transition from manually driven cars to fully robotic cars. That’s fine, but they didn’t ask for inputs from software engineers about how to do it. So they worded that that you may have either: 1) no wheels, or 2) wheels that may shear off, or 3) wheels that may shear off but continue to support weight for a while, or 4) wheels that don’t shear off under normal conditions, or 5) wheels that don’t shear off under any circumstances. Simple enough right? Also multiplayer. One does not simply go online with pirated games! This didn’t matter to pirates when games were mostly singleplayer with local multi as a bonus. Same one. Should be like 3 years old, the original plan indeed was to make it work like an Apple Watch that share the number with your main phone. This device is out for few years by now. Interesting but maybe worth adding (2018) to title. Watch always had Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, GPS + Cellular is available from S3 as extra but rumor is cellular existed for testing since S0 One explanation I’ve seen about weak server-side verification is online multiplayer is a cost center so developers wants to offload much as they could. At least before microtransactions I guess. I don't think that's optically possible without either a teleprompter or a "punch-hole" display. "Teleprompter" sounds sophisticated but basically a pepper's ghost box for cameras, there are plenty of amateur YouTubers building it "in zero dollars from home waste" manners. Half-silvered glass or polarized filter is nice but not necessary from what I understand. Somewhat tangentially, what I find from sudden rise in stay-home teleconferencing is that TV hosts as well as corporate teleconferencing users are almost completely clueless about teleconferencing compared to YouTubers and streamers, people think a superwide Logitech webcam and a laptop on your lap in a bathroom is all it takes. YouTubers run Sony Alphas all day with nice primes, some even REDs ARRIs, large dia condenser mics, Shure is entry-midrange there ... So a lot is there to learn from them, especially on budget. This comment is kind of eye opening for me, so most people understand instances of software as manufactured tangible items that has manufacturing variances! You know, software is more like criminal laws interpreted by an instant judging robotic courthouse, so you absolutely don’t want bad precedents and loopholes, or do we? Because tests are sparse events but if it becomes real world applications it will be dense and miserable... Calling out normal people for terrible choices they make is just bragging your own ethics seen from your own standpoint > POC It’s not like “white” people aren’t colored I can’t stop thinking that ideas like GP is explaining is just a modernized racial segregation BLM has been creeping towards Asia where I am, and some of those activists are absurdly trying to redefine some Asian views of aesthetics as White admirations that the noble White must responsibly educate to eliminate. To me these ungrounded imaginations are clearly stemming from the idea that some people are objectively not colored and others are colored. I’ve never come across this “POC” term but if it’s not racist I don’t know what racism means by dictionary. If you’re wondering if this^ website is hugged to death right now, I checked it on downforeveryoneorjustme.com at 11:08 UTC/04:08 PDT/07:08 EDT(the answer is also yes) This came up to my feed elsewhere so I’ll leave it here. I don’t care if particular skin colors are similar or dis-similar from one another, but I naturally don’t value actively agreeing with supremacists. > East Asians were almost always called white, particularly during the period of first modern contact in the 16th century. And on a number of occasions, even more revealingly, the people were termed “as white as we are”. (...) > But by the 17th century, the Chinese and Japanese were “darkening” in published texts, gradually losing their erstwhile whiteness when it became clear they would remain unwilling to participate in European systems of trade, religion, and international relations. > Calling them white, in other words, was not based on simple perception either and had less to do with pigmentation than their presumed levels of civilisation, culture, literacy, and obedience (particularly if they should become Christianised). [0]: https://www.scmp.com/week-asia/opinion/article/2184754/chine... Having seen countless female gore/porn artists on social networking I’m not so sure how important of a problem it is... especially the porn part Since this is HN, what’s the easiest way to roll your own brainwashing machine like Facebook or TikTok? I mean isn’t it going to be fun to plant your own ideas on people... It’s server admins’ responsibility, so if it’s run by individuals the admin bans when he has time, if it’s run by a company then it’s done at company expense, and if moderation standards of two instances conflict then either operator takes it as offense and blacklist the other one. My understanding of Mastodon federation is that the Europe/American instances generally play along, some alt-rights oriented are cut off, and then there is group of predominantly Japanese instances running incompatible legal ideology on completely incompatible language so European admins generally reject those as horrible dark corners of internet(?) When you automate slow moving machineries and it picks up your finger, that kind of situations may present quite inconvenient results, so, Since you mention East India Company, what makes YouTube different from them?