In the code the link points to, I just see another C-like language. What "good ideas" should I be looking at? I am not Oberon expert, but in any other language I'd say this code is pretty bad: - logic errors: We keep going even if error occurs (none of the error checks have return in them). - In two different source files, "System" is imported under two different names. Is this just to confuse the readers? - Hardcoded string length (Mod.s:17). If someone to change the message, you have to be very careful to update the length. - Arbitrary constants (why '2' in Mod.s:23)? I used to program in Pascal long time ago (Turbo Pascal dialect), but the link does not show any of Pascal-specific functionality. Where are types with unusual range (var i: 0..15)? Where are arrays with non-zero based ranges? Where is the neat interface/implementation separation? Is there runtime-based range checking? Because I do not see it, and I bet if I changed this "17" to "117", it will just send extra 100 bytes of un-initialized memory over the socket. This particular code does not have any pascal-y language features. What is the point of the post? If it was to demonstrate that Oberon is good for teaching / real stuff / general purpose programming / something else, then it failed. To me, the points of the post is: "hey, this language is not dead! We can now fork() and do socket ops!". Is this intentional? Do you have quantitative information about that? I was always wondering how big is Fukushima's nuclear incident zone (in km^2) today. How much bigger is it compared to coal waste ponds / landfills, or hydroelectric dam which provides the same amount of power? Looking at Stripe's API docs, it seems their preferred payment technology is javascript popup which asks for CC number directly. If the technology has been 'properly implemented', only Stripe will see the credit card details, but as a consumer, I have no way to tell if the technology has been implemented properly. As a result, I feel it is much safer to avoid typing my credit card number into random websites. Thus, my first reaction to a site which asks for my credit card (directly or via Stripe) is 'OK, are there any alternatives which take a safer payment method' Replace "containers" with "virtual machines" (because really, the containers are secure only until the next kernel exploit, which happens fairly often), and you get Qubes OS: https://www.qubes-os.org/doc/architecture/ It tries to move everything into containers, including hardware drivers, and if you read their architecture paper you will see their design ends up being nontrivial. I feel that author is very enthusiastic, but there are some pretty serious errors: "... fight between Docker and systemd is inevitable" -- this fight has been going for a while (at least a year): https://lwn.net/Articles/676831/ "... The reason why you'll do this, rather than compose everything yourself, is compatability. Whether it's kernel versions, file system drivers, operating system variants or a hundred variations that make your OS build different from mine. Building and testing software that runs everywhere is a sisyphean task. " -- kernel versions, file system drivers, operating system variants (in form of docker daemon version) are still going to be around and would still affect containers. So you traded "test on Fedora, RHEL, Ubuntu" with "test on AWS docker, Tectonic, OpenShift". Yes, you no longer have to worry about .so versions, but there are still plenty of reasons to test in multiple environment. "... the operating system is an implementation detail of the higher level software. It's not intended to be directly managed ..." -- yeah, so I have this proprietary SAN.. or a dual 10G cards which need to be tuned and bonded... or a mix of fast and slow disks... or even any non-trivial RAID setup... Those things are the most annoying parts of managing your own servers and unfortunately they are not going anywhere. Isn't the 'disconnection support' (and by extension, roaming) one of the big points of tmux? This is one of the reasons why I never bothered with mosh -- I have screen/tmux, what's the point? I have cryptsetup, so I am probably vulnerable, but I do really care -- I do not have BIOS password, nor do I physically disable my USB ports. If I wanted to get a root shell with the disk still encrypted, it would be much more convenient to just boot from the USB stick. And in the case of "libraries, ATMs, airport machines" it is likely there will be no boot-time passwords at all -- regular login process will likely be more convenient for many reasons. yes, but the same could be done by simply booting from USB stick. How does this vulnerability makes it worse? (unless one has BIOS password and strong physical security) Related comic: http://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/dinosaurs what's next, eye-stalks? The problem is, that legislation does not actually protect citizen data. All code is still controlled by LinkedIn, and Russian goverment still have no idea what it does. If FBI (or CIA or any other agency) comes to LinkedIn with an order, then does it matter if the technician serving the request pulls the data from Russian, European or US database? The data will be delivered anyway. Moreover, the law does not actually prevent the companies from storing data somewhere else -- Article 12 mentions many allowed reasons to send the data to other countries. What this law, however, allows is for government to apply pressure on the company by treating to seize their servers (such as this case: https://torrentfreak.com/police-shut-down-russian-rapidshare... ). I see no other reason for the law. The whole point is that AWS (nor any other outside party) would not find the keys. The article explicitly mentions: On servers in a text file in ~/.aws/credentials (where a lot of tooling saves AWS credentials) On your developer laptop in the same locations In application or systemd environment variable configuration files In files named ’credentials’ or in application configuration files in private, sensitive Github repos Unless amazon somehow has access to private github repos, they should not see the keys > Unfortunately the comments are a pile-on of negativity, rather than a discussion of possibilities. I don't think that how the community is supposed to work. HN is all about discussion of existing content. It is simply a bad form to go to discussion of "blockchan for big banks" article and start talking about "blockchain for ad networks". Yes, maybe someone out there is making something where blockchain is genuinely a right technology; if you find such a project, submit it to HN and there may be actual positive comments on the blockchain idea. Or even better: write a blog post about real-life problems which are best being solved by the bitcoin blockchain, and submit it. I am sure people will read it with interest! (I am not being sarcastic here -- I am genuinely interested about useful bitcoin applications) "This cafe was closed for food safety issues twice, so they are now operating illegally. Their burgers are very good -- why not try them and see what the fuss is about" > fraudulent-transaction-free processing network How so? Are you saying that when a trojan on my machine accesses my bitcoin wallet and sends all of my bitcoins somewhere, is it not "fraudulent transaction"? Because these things happen, you know. What do you use instead of "docker build" and "docker pull"? What do you mean? My Dockerfiles already use distro's package manager to install packages. Do you you mean "create a long-lived LXC container and use distro's package manager to install packages as needed?" The problem with that approach is you have no idea how to duplicate the server, nor how to roll back the changes reliably. For example: - Your distro upgraded a library, and the upgrade introduced a bug. For extra fun, this was not security upgrade so unattended-upgrade process did not install it, so only half of your servers have the bug. - Your package list is incorrect. Somehow, your old server ended up with an extra package (previous software version? installed while trying to troubleshoot problems), and your new server does not have it. - You have leftover files -- either from the previous version of your software, or from the package you have had installed before. These are definitely fixable in LXC with enough effort -- after all, Docker is not magic, and you can achieve a lot with LXC + shell scripts, and even more with LXC + shell scripts + chef. However, Docker is just so much easier and reliable than writing these scripts by hand. Yes, but other languages would use optional or special null-like value which cannot be automatically converted into integer. This would be totally devastating to many people who do not earn that much. Before, you could stash $200 per month to make a nice "rainy day fund" in case you lose job, get sick or your car breaks down. Now you would not be able to do so -- just work work work and don't even think about leaving your job! And the worst part, it would not even work against rich people. So I got 2bil? Great, I will buy 5 houses and a furniture factory. And move the rest to my shell company in Caribbeans. Uber, Lyft, Sidecar, Flywheel, etc... Because Java and C# are not system programming languages and are not intended to replace C? Would I want my init system written in Java or C#? Hell no. Would I want it written in Rust? Yes please maybe it will crash less and have fewer CVEs. I have a belief that every time a C developer switches to Rust, users benefit (unless developer goes crazy from Rust's cognitive load, but this is a separate issue :) ) Agree. We have strerror_r -- why not add getenv_r? Is there any technical information on how the database works? For a supposed Sqlite replacement, there is a surprising lack of the information. The only reference to concurrency mode I have found is this: > All changes to an object (addition, modification and deletion) must be done within a write transaction. > Write transactions incur non-negligible overhead - you should architect your code to minimize the number of write transactions. So is there a single write lock? If you try to start two transactions, will the second one be delayed or retried? Can reads proceed while the transaction is processing? > Results instances are live, auto-updating views into the underlying data So if I am doing x.first, x.second while the object is being updated in a second thread, will I get mixed state? Is database crash proof? If the phone runs out of battery while in write transaction, will the database get damaged? ... so many questions I see the reason for the complains, but I do not agree with the basic premise. It should not be "I hate almost all software", it should be "I hate my employer and the job I am stuck in". I mean, this person is writing for Solaris/Illumos (judging by SMF references and autoconf complains). Yeah, running modern stuff on solaris sux, unless you have a sysadminny mindset. This is clearly not for him. Fine -- different people like to optimize different things: user experience, internal code beauty, maintainability, code robustness, number of platforms supported. No one should be forced to work on stuff they don't like. There are lots of jobs, and most of them do not require SMF, DBus, /usr organization, or volatile variables. Thank you for the comment. It is nice to be able to talk to someone who believes in Urbit ideal. I have a question for you: there are many advantages of running things on huge scale. How do you see Urbit will solve it? For example: - webserver: I used to run a personal web server, and then I noticed that I have to throttle the speed to avoid ending up with a huge bill, and when the colo is down, the server is down. I keep all my data in the cloud now, and due to economy of scale, I do not have to worry about availability, ping times, or bandwidth limits. How can personal server compete with CDNs? - I also used to run my own mailserver, and it was always a pain to keep spam away. This is a complex process which includes tuning spam filters, deciding which DNS blacklists to use (oh controversy!), deciding if I want to use DCC and at which stage. And I had to re-tune periodically, otherwise it would eat my automated messages... At the same time, Google (for example) has it easy -- at their scale, they have all the information they need to decide if the mail is spam or not. - Social media: no, I have not run my social media server :) But I cannot understand how do you get started. The main point is network effects, and even Disapora, which has been around for a long while, is not that popular. Plus spam and viruses, of course -- how do you prevent that? If my friend gets a trojan on her machine, will her account be able to spam entire network? > - bandwidth : ... More generally, if Urbit got even moderate adoption, the hosted-server companies would fall over themselves supporting it. I am highly skeptical -- the Wordpress has pretty high adoption, and it is useful for "non-techy Mom", but there are very few companies which support wordpress integration, and if they do, it is at a much higher price (bluehost: $3/mo regular hosting, $20/mo wordpress hosting) > - mail : ... full-fledged identities on the Urbit network cost a couple of bucks, and it is assumed that anyone who spammed from one would get blackholed before they recouped the investment. This blackhole mechanism is very much like spam problem, so it has all the usual questions: Is it going to be managed by someone? Does identity get un-blackholed after some time with no spam? Can you pay $$$ to make this process faster? Can someone blackhole whole galaxy? What if your computer gets malware which spams other users on your behalf? I am not asking for immediate answers to these questions, I just wanted to point that having "federated identity" will not fully solve spam problem. > - viruses : Urbit is designed to be essentially impervious to malware. ... In a worst-case scenario (say, your whole urbit got bitlocker'd), recovering would require you to a) get your hosting provider to restore from a backup, ... That's not the worst case scenario. The worst-case scenario is bitlocker reaches in your urbit (via whatever mechanism you use) and encrypts all the your data there, slowly over time (so your backup is corrupted, too) and starting with least-recently accessed files first, to minimize chance of early detection. Looks like in this situation, your only hope is that your hosting provider kept your backups, and this is not guaranteed at all. So basically not much better than existing self-hosting systems. Note: I have not actually checked, but I suspect that Urbit may keep all the previous versions of the files around. This will help against bitlockers, but: (1) Is there a mechanism to permanently remove data, say because you accidentally uploaded 25GB blue-ray movie? If yes, this is what bitlocker will use. (2) Are you sure that every user will have different urbit credentials and admin credentials to the hosting provider? Because if not, then bitlocker will ssh into your hosted machine and damage the files directly. (3) There are other things other than bitlockers. Malware will use your account to send SPAM, use your webserver to sell illegal drugs, use your CPU to mine bitcoins, and generally make a botnet out of your urbit. > Keeping the software updated on your urbit is automatic and done without interrupting service. Maintenance is almost non-existent. Wow, this sounds scary. It will be just like Chrome extensions turning into malware, but for EVERYTHING: https://arstechnica.com/security/2014/01/malware-vendors-buy... So we started from this ideal picture of urbit: > Urbit is the server-app-container thing that would make my non-techy Mom want to pay $5/mo for a hosted server instance. > Want to see what Bill Smith is up to? finger bsmith. Want to argue about politics? talk.politics. God, how simple things were! > Urbit is designed to be essentially impervious to malware. ... and we ended up with: > but one presumes that if you host an urbit on EC2, you'd also be putting cloudflare in front of its webserver > If you did write an app that defaulted to "accept messages from anyone" then you'd need to include some sort of "report spam" feature in it I suppose, > "Your hosting provider might not do a good job of managing backups" is a) well outside of urbit's purview, > So of course you need to keep your login and password safe, and the host OS needs to be secure, and so forth. So what are then advantages of urbit over, say, wordpress install with some plugins? So far I have heard: - Universal identity system for other urbit users - Automatic application update - Some subset of security bugs has been eliminated - Simple application installation Wordpress (with plugins): - Has OAUTH and facebook/g+ auth plugins - Has auto-update functionality - Written in PHP, which entirely eliminated at least buffer overflow bugs and concurrency bugs from the user-written code. - I can find EC2 images with wordpress already installed -- just create a machine based on them and you are all set! And wordpress provides somewhat easy interface to install new plugins! And apparently neither Urbit nor wordpress take care of the hard stuff: - How to set up backups and make sure they will not fail 6 month in (and no, most hosting providers will not do this automatically for you) - How to prevent malware on your personal computer from destroying all your digital life - How to prevent SPAM while still allowing messages from people you did not know before - How to monitor the server and fix it (restart?) when it fails - How to select the hosting plans to optimize cost for the resources you want to use Now, you may say that urbit does [will do] much more that wordpress, but so far you have not mentioned anything like that. Your original comment mentioned: mail server, minecraft server, and apps that "let you upload a file to the cloud and they let your friends access it". Wordpress does the last one, and from I understand, urbit will not be that great for the first two ones. So it does not make sysadmin's life much easier, nor does it give you some killer features you cannot find anywhere. What's the point then? I disagree. I actually know that debian's system: 1. Has a limited subset of people who can upload packages. Becoming one of these people is hard. 2. Has strict rules about package quality. A detected attempt to upload malicious package will cause uploader's privileges to be removed. 3. There a is trusted group of people who have the authority over all packages and who can remove the bad ones. Anyone can contact them and point out that the change is malicious, and they will listen. 4. There are enough people who look at the package changes who will detect malicious packages. None of them are true for Chrome extensions / urbit code (unless there is something I have not noticed): 1. Anyone with (google account | urbit identity) can upload packages. 2. There are no rules about package quality (until recently, google support did not care about ad injectors for example). 3. There is no trusted third party to deal with bad packages (again, until recently google support did not care except for most obvious cases) 4. Since number of packages is so high, and it is for "everyone", most package changes will never be looked at. I know this is old news, but I still have to say this: So if someone installs malware on your laptop, they get to own your shares forever? Living dangerously, man! > Git is distributed, so when GitHub goes down, every developer has a backup of entire history. However, issues are lost forever. Python does not use "issues" feature for good. um, no? PEP-512 ( https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0512/ ) is pretty clear about it: "The code review history does not have the same implicit backup mechanism as the repository itself. That means a daily backup of code review history should be done so that it is not lost in case of any issues with GitHub." > Once inured to the clumsy use of files and folders and lifeless, non-dynamic programming methods, once they grow emotionally and intellectually attached to their file-based tools and infrastructure, they are incapable of appreciating any other way to do things. What bugs me about smalltalk advocacy is the complete dismissal of the existing files-based tools. Even the simple version control for the personal use (log, diff and revert) is worth keeping the files for. And I cannot imagine how would I do multi-user version control, code reviews, sharing libraries between projects if all I have is a single "image". Well, don't speak about abstract 'shackles', show me the improved process! I am especially interested in version control and collaboration. IMHO, existing file-based tools have had quite a few advances on this front: * Tests are now common and considered a good thing. A new contributor can write code without worrying about breaking rarely-used functionality. * Many languages have package managers. Using latest third-party library is now simple * We have great deployment mechanisms -- one-command deployments are common, containers and version pinning help reproducibility. * Some languages come with support for interactive REPL -- you can evaluate arbitrary commands inside running processes. * Many languages support static checking -- a lot of errors could be caught even if the code is never exercised * Many languages need no compilation at all -- just edit the file and run it What can smalltalk offer? Obviously it has great REPL. Anything else? What is the cool new 'software development process' feature that you are referring to? For example, I have found exactly one sentence about version control and sharing in the article you have linked: "We may even see Pharo 7, which promises a Git-integration tool called Iceberg for source code version control." . Is this what you wanted to show me? Because my takeaway is that the only way to work on Smalltalk software as a team is to use file-based tools (git). I see no improvements in software development process here. The other commenter mentioned Monticello and Smalltalk Hub. Ok, this looks like a decent version control system. It is interesting how without files, you have to add a prefix to a name of every class and tag each function which you want checked in. Still, I could not find which features it has that git does not. Sorry, I am at work right now and don't have time to watch videos. Can you tell me more about "Smalltalk's own tooling for collaboration and version control"? Are you referring to Monticello? I am not insisting on git, but Monticello seems pretty limited in term of collaboration. I see commit, diff, checkout, and remote pull/push. Specifically, let's imagine this scenario: we have team of tens of programmers working on a project. A new team member joins and accidentally breaks the code in non-obvious way. He pushes the code to main repository. Next time, everyone else checks out the latest version of the code and starts having weird problems. If you had 20 people on team, and they each wasted 2 hours because the code was broken, well, you just wasted a week of programmer time. How do you prevent it? In file-based word, the answer is tests and CI. What is the smalltalk way? And please do not say "It's in the conceptual nature of programming" -- if the scenario makes no sense in the smalltalk world (maybe you are not supposed to have 20 people working on the same project?) please say this. Well, I was responding to specific parent's statement: "Being shackled to existing file-based tools holds you back from improving the software development process." This seems to imply to me that non-file-based tools have some other improvements to software development process. I think both you and I agree that software development process improves mostly independently from file-based/image distinction. There are no visible ways when files are "holding back" the software development. Surely you would want to support Wine and not ReactOS? The only advantage of ReactOS over WINE is that ReactOS has Windows 2003 compatible kernel. This means native Windows drivers, and faster emulation of some features. However, a few decades from now, there will be no devices left which have Windows 2003 drivers. And hopefully CPUs will become faster, so Wine overhead will be negligible. And I doubt all the new devices will have ReactOS drivers. Rather than keep going on ReactOS, I would much more prefer people making wine better. Agree, NT has many excellent ideas. But re-implementing it today seems silly. Are you going to have messages with take two integers only, then stick two 16-bit fields into second one? Look at these articles, do you think anyone should be implementing API like this in 21st century: https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20070710-00/?p=... https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20120913-00/?p=... I am all for variety. Hurd, L4 -- these are fundamentally different from Unix and very interesting. ReactOS? well if you enjoy debugging windows kernel drivers without source code... Maybe if you have a business account, but not if you are a regular person. Regulation E https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electronic_Fund_Transfer_Act requires banks to refund "EFT errors" and fraudulent transactions. I remember this on startssl.com, and experience (or at least Firefox's implementation) was horrible. -I had to refresh certificate once per year, which is very inconvenient, as I would go to startssl.com once per year total - Half of the time something would go wrong with keygen in firefox and it would not remember my certificate at all. This is when you discover that all the security is simply bypassed when you send email to support. - And worst of all, it was not very secure at all -- a malware on my computer would totally steal a certificate and keysniff the password for it. Compare with Google Authenticator or SMS auth, where I would be safe as long as my cell phone is not compromized at the same time. I have seen people looking down on any "narrow" developers. If you say ".NET developer" this implies you know a very specific stack from Microsoft -- one OS, one standard library, one framework, one IDE, one buildsystem. On the other hand, if someone claims to be a senior C++ developer, it means they may have worked with multiple OS's, multiple frameworks/libraries (because STL is never enough), multiple buildsystems, multiple IDEs and so on. You said all the web technologies, so maybe if you are in the web dev? In the rest of the programming, the framework self-identification is pretty rare -- I have not heard people describing themselves as "boost C++ developer", or "python numpy developer". People will still have strong opinions about good and bad frameworks, but it will not be their primary identification. PJON defines things up to level 3 -- you hand it a bunch of bytes, and tell it: "deliver to node 12". It is up to you to decide how the bytes must be interpreted, and to ensure the recipient can handle them properly. PJON has a number of data/physical link layers: a network running on a single arduino pin, link over LEDs, TCP, UDP, supercheap radio modules, RS485 serial. Compared to that, Modbus defines things up to application layer (layer 7). You tell it, "read input 1" or "write 75 to register 33" and it does it for you. You can also send arbitrary packets like PJON, but this is rarely done. Modbus also has number of physical layers: serial (usually used with RS485 or RS232), TCP, UDP, and high-speed proprietary links. It is not designed for low speed links, so it would not work well over LED link, supercheap radio modules, or a single arduino pin link. FTR, Debian is like 80% reproducible https://wiki.debian.org/ReproducibleBuilds "Reproducible builds of Debian as a whole are still not a reality, though individual reproducible builds of packages are possible. So while we are making very good progress, it is a stretch to say that Debian is reproducible." In my experience, if you have a single home made package in C it is pretty easy to make it reproducible (1) There is no point in complete cutoff -- partial filtering should be enough. So if email spam is sent, outgoing SMTP port is blocked; if there is a virus spreading over random ports, all outgoing ports except http/https are blocked; if malware leaves spam on webpages, then all http/https connections are redirected to captive portal explaining how to fix. (2) Same with spam blacklists, you get de-listed either automatically, if few weeks pass without incident, or faster by manual request. (3) It should not matter why bad traffic was sent. A much more realistic situation is: "So you work from home and your computer gets trojan which starts to send phishing emails, so now the ISP cuts you off from the Internet. Now what?" In either case the answer is: prove to humans @ ISP that you are no longer danger to the internet and ask them nicely to unblock you. If you work from home is that critical, have a separate internet source (say 3G modem which you activate with a phone call) Looks like the author has very vague and wrong idea about computing in the past. With so many factual errors, it is hard to accept it seriously. > Somewhere around the late 90s or early 00s we made the decision to jump ship from desktop apps and start writing the lion’s share of new software for the web. This was largely for pragmatic reasons: the infrastructure to talk to a remote server became possible for the first time, I am not sure what this means. Javascript (1995)? or XMLHttpRequest (2005)? You can create web apps without any of this technologies -- they make web apps faster and UX better, but they were not the critical pieces. for example, one of the most famouse webapps of this era -- webmail interfaces such as yahoo.com or hotmail.com -- worked just fine without javascript at all. > good cross platform UI frameworks had always been elusive beasts, Technically true, but misleading. This sentence seems to imply that this mattered, and web was somewhat better. Both of these are false. Back in then no one cared about non-windows systems, and the amount of effort required to display site properly on all major browsers was staggering. It was way, way easier to make desktop apps which worked on 99% of all computers than web apps which worked on 99% of the browsers. > and desktop development frameworks were intimidating compared to more approachable languages like Perl and PHP. This was a time of VB 6, Java, Delphi, and later this fancy .net thing. Designing a desktop all was drastically simpler that creating a website of the same complexity. > The other reason was cosmetic: HTML and CSS gave developers total visual control over what their interfaces looked like, allowing them to brand them and build experiences that were pixel-perfect according to their own ends. This is so false this is not even funny. The desktop apps were trivial to make pixel perfect, the web took a LOT of work (I still remember the countless nested tables with 1x1 images in them) Here is winamp 1, released in 1997: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/09/Winamp1.006.P... Here is web in 1997: http://royal.pingdom.com/2008/09/16/the-web-in-1996-1997/ now, which one is more customized? > This seemed like a big improvement over more limiting desktop development, but its led us to the world we have today where every interface is a different size and shape,... And of course, the author misses the most important reasons why people spent all the effort to make the web apps. Spolsky said it back in 2004 in http://new.joelonsoftware.com/articles/APIWar.html : > Today I installed Google's new email application by typing Alt+D, gmail, Ctrl+Enter. There are far fewer compatibility problems and problems coexisting with other software. Every user of your product is using the same version... Then the article goes on to advertise the advantages of terminals and "terminal programs": fast startup, no animations, "interface elements are limited", optimized for advanced user, "output that I can process in some way to get into another program" This is accompanied by a picture of emacs running in a terminal. The problem with that, of course, is those properties are not bound to "terminal" programs at all. Many software which comes from Linux/Unix world will have all of these properties, even if they do not require terminal to run. Even graphics editors like "gimp" start up fast, have no animations, etc... Conclusion: the only way this article makes sense if the the author equates "the terminals" with "apps without animation". The author does not seem aware of what the "terminal software" means (all communications go through a single bidirectional pipe). Why? TUF is all about reimplementing SSL and PKI. Since mender can use regular SSL with good-old PKIs, there is no reason to go with weird solutions. Well, the reason TUF has to protect against all of the attacks is because it is choosing to support a varying set of requirements, including lack of SSL and insecure mirrors. Mender simply does not care about them, so it can be dramatically simpler: - rollback attacks -- impossible since all comms are secure, and there are no untrusted mirrors - freezes -- impossible, because SSL channel must be re-negotiated every time - mix and match attacks -- nothing to mix+match, mender only does one file (rootfs) - helps secure mirrors -- mender does not support 3rd party mirrors, so no need to secure them. You can see it right on the TUF homepage: it claims to replace application, library package and system package managers. This is a lot of work, which requires a lot of complexity, and there is no need at all to pay that price if you do not need to. Mender should be pretty immune to power failures in the middle of the updates -- even if second partition is only half-written , it is still not activated. OSTree seems to rely on underlying filesystem to provide protection from power failures. This is, in my experience, is not a very reliable mechanism, especially when the SD cards are used. Thus, it is likely that if you have a device using OSTree updater and someone yanks the power cord at the bad time, your device may become unbootable. FYI, here is a part which is still relevant today: "the system continuously ironed out accumulated errors over time by comparing actual distances driven and turns made with road shapes on the map. Honey calls the technique "augmented dead reckoning." That means driving through a long stretch of straight highway could begin to trip up Etak's system, since there were no turns and no distinct roads for the computer to algorithmically seize upon. If that happened, the driver could manually reposition the car cursor onto a location on the map using controls on the display." Those things work, but they are barely "good enough". The biggest problem is, it is easy to lose your position if you are in the city -- maybe you had a few sharp turns, went around the parking cars a couple of times. And once this happens, the system is unlikely to correct itself, your only way will be to manually set position, which most people will not do. I am sure it could recover most of the time, in some places. I am not so sure it would work well in all places -- regular grid is pretty common for example in New York City. You could actually see it in use if you used older GPS units -- back in SA time, the GPS was low precision (~100 meters), but still provided mostly accurate heading/velocitry information. Thus, many GPS navigators required mapmatching (see other thread for details). It would always fail on me in the most annoying moments, and would take quite a while to recover. But the traffic is totally understandable -- the right action does not require knowing what TLS 1.3 is. The way it is supposed to work is as following: there is a protocol negotiation when the connection is established (which is obviously unencrypted), which contains TLS version supported. If MITM proxy does not understand the version, it can just change these bytes to force hosts to negotiate at a lower version. So the only reason BlueCoat fails is because the authors failed to implement force version downgrade. I disagree. We were living in the period of easy middleware (this was before HTTPS rollout), and it generally sucked -- there were supercookies, ads injection, general app breakage when you get a captive portal page instead of expected RPC response. The middleware should require effort to install, and it should be obvious when it is active. Otherwise, companies which have no business MITM'ing the traffic -- such as ISPs and free wifi providers -- will start to do it just because it's so simple. For example, Google may require MDM app on the Android devices which is used to access corporate data. This app ensures that the device has the right policy (screen lock, encryption) and I think it may also check for malware apps. This is how it should be -- if you need corporate control over devices, install special application on it, it will be more efficient and it will do more. Well, Google rightfully said that GCE does not need most QEMU features, so they have made a simplified version. Is is sad they did not release it. On the other hand, there are people who need QEMU features: we have a QEMU-based test script for boot images which actually uses a few more exotic features to simulate the target environment. Maybe? I am not convinced. I have used qemu (with virtfs) in my interactive session to test possibly suspicious 3-rd party apps, running as my regular interactive user. With this vulnerability, the app might have escaped the sandbox and added evil stuff to my .bashrc. The SELinux would be totally useless there. In other circumstances, the damage would be much more localized -- I mean, if you run qemu as daemon, you are likely doing it as non-privileged user anyway, so even regular unix permissions would be effective. Yes, captive portals are the enemy. They break an important assumption: requests either succeed and return correct data, or fail and return an error. Were you writing a forum post? It was lost because it got submitted to captive portal. Were you in dynamic app? It crashed because it got HTML instead of JSON. Does you page reload ads in the i-frames? Your page position and page itself is now lost, and you are in captive portal page. Did you have a native app which did HTTP requests and cached them? Congrats, you have invalid data in your cache now. And I have seen captive portals which were broken. How about you get redirected to login page every time you go to your favorite website, because the redirect page got cached somehow? Good riddance. Yes, the browsers should include better captive portal support like android does, possibly triggered by the SSL certificate mismatch errors, but even the current situation when I have to type "aaa.com" by hand all the time is great. Well, the actual CPU cores are designed by Imagination Technologies, which are based in UK. I would not be so sure that they are fully safe. You can make an argument that it is still an improvement, because there are no obvious binary blobs required by the system. But in this case, I would recommend going for one of the many Chinese ARM cores -- at least you can buy them easily. When I found both client.py and client.lisp, I thought it would be nice to see direct lisp/python comparison. However, turns out Python version does much more that Lisp one (it maintains edit field even if other people send the messages), so no direct comparison is possible. Author, can you add a simplified python client with exactly the same functionality as the lisp one? Typerwriters won't help. Soviets could bug them in 1976: https://arstechnica.com/security/2015/10/how-soviets-used-ib... I bet that now, CIA can do it much more stealthily. And I also think that it is pretty hard to make these 1980's workstations secure -- that old DOS software was full of vulnerabilities, and it has no modern protections at all (usernames, kernel mode). I remember back at high school we had "1980s style set of workstations each accessing things from the floppy drive." and they were full of viruses. And once you have your code on target computers, you can exfiltrate data pretty easily (emit right patterns with pc speaker, memory access, display, etc..) One caveat: all your custom enabled/disabled hosts disappear after "update" command. > Since Airship self-updates, it needs to be able to write to itself. > chown -R myusername:www-data airship > chmod -R g+w airship Have you ever wondered why some people say that PHP is insecure? That's one of the major reasons. This app claims to care about security, but at the same time it self-updates and has no external code integrity control. This means that if the webapp has a vulnerability which was exploited, it will be very hard to detect it -- was this file changed by auto-updater or by malware? you don't know. And even if the new version of webapp was released which fixes the bug, you can not be sure that infection is gone -- because the update process may also be compromised. And you cannot easily remove code dir and re-download -- the settings are mixed-in with the code. Compare it with any other stack -- Ruby on Rails, Django, JAR files, whatever. Code cannot modify itself. The only writable thing is the database. Additionally, the repository is often under git control. If there is a vulnerability, update software and restart the server (if in doubt, backup the database and nuke/rebuild the server instead). Even if you made a configuration error and left code dir writable, "git status" is enough to tell you any changed/added files. And this is why you, as an admin, should avoid PHP if you care about security. Sure, you can use sane techniques even with PHP code -- I am sure that's what Facebook and Wikipedia do -- but most random PHP projects will require writable code dir. When choosing a web app, choose non-PHP one first. I strongly disagree -- I think "self writing code" has the worst failure mode ever: any security vulnerability leads to permanent compromise which is persistent across versions and requires non-trivial skill even to detect. Because there will be security vulnerability, and people will be exploited, and even if your update system runs every 4 hours, it will take dev team some time to write up a fix and push an update. And obviously, the first thing attacker would do will be to disable any integrity checks your auto-update does. So in the most common case, the host will stay compromised forever. This looks pretty horrible to me. I am appealed that you call this "theoretical". But then, (in my experience) the security is not a strong side of PHP community. The sad part, it is not hard to fix. You already have separate update script -- obviously "don't chmod/chown anything" is not enough, you at least want the cache directory to be writeable, and while I have not looked at the code, I suspect there may be other locations that web app will want to write to. You can change your Dockerfile to use secure setup. It will take a bit of work but it is definitely possible. Until this is done, "simply secure" is only until the first compromise. Here is a much simpler explanation: people want to buy cheap stuff. If given a choice between $1200 appliance which lasts 25 years, and $1000 appliance which last 15 years, and no infomation about the actual lifetimes, most people would choose the cheaper model. The people feel good, the sales rise, and who cares what happens in 15 years -- the company will have different execs by that time. And once people get used to 15 years life, the company can introduce even cheaper mode which lasts 10 years only! See -- no conspiracy theories required, just general greed and irresponsibility. :) > The auto-updater does nothing to make this worse. That's true of any vulnerable system. Once you're owned, you're owned. No. If you have RCE in the regular app, the attacker cannot make attack 'stick'. Once you reboot the machine, or restart service (in case of systemd), any malicious code no longer runs. Now, if there is a privilege escalation bug the situation will get worse, but having 2 unpatched bugs is significantly less likely. Of course, you want to make sure unattended updates are enabled so your host OS is up to date. As a result, most other systems will actually self-heal from minor compromises. Only your system (any many other PHP systems in general) will stay compromised forever. > It runs every 15 minutes, in the default configuration, and our usual turnaround time for getting a bugfix out is less than 1 hour. 1 hour from what? From someone sending email to your team? If a black hat finds an exploit in your service, they will start compromizing the existing web servers first. You will not find out about the bug until someone notices something weird on their installation, and that will take way more than an hour. > 2. Don't chown/chmod. Have you actually tried this? Looking at your github, there seems to be `src/tmp/cache` directory -- presumably at least this one should be chmod'ed? What about others? What about plugins -- would they work fine without writeable root? I have tried to make other PHP packages use immutable code, and it was very flaky and painful. You need to structure your program in a certain way to make sure it works with immutable root -- one location for temp, another for configs, third for the code. If your main development team uses writable code, there is a high chance immutable code would not work well. > It's not broken, it's a trade-off. Nothing to fix. > The reason we do this by default is because our threat model is ensuring automatic updates work for everyone (including people who are not sophisticated enough to set up a cronjob). Why do you say it's hard to set up a cronjob? It is simple -- your deb/rpm package just includes file /etc/cron.d/aristrip, and voila -- you are done. The only place where cronjob setup is hard is on these cheap shared PHP hosting services. And I think no one should be using them -- get a $5 Linode VM instead. The thing is, the modern Linux systems went pretty far in terms of security and isolation. You have multiple easy-to-use technologies for threat protection -- docker, Apparmor, capabilities, systemd' *Path, etc.. They work pretty well to make sure that attacker which got RCE cannot take a hold on a system and elevate privileges. Except your system is not compatible with any of them, by design. Because you don't care. Maybe you should change your motto from "A Secure Content Management System for the Modern Web" to "A Secure Content Management System for the Cheap Shared PHP Hosting", because you can certainly do much better for the modern web. > If possible, use a separate computer (an old one or a cheap one purchased for this purpose) for things like banking; if your family computer is the same one that you use for bank transactions you risk having your kids click on a bad link that results in a hacking. So true! A $100 unrooted Android tablet is almost infinitely more secure than the windows/mac, even with the best antivirus. Or if you like physical keyboard (I do), get a $300 Chromebook and do all your banking there. Just don't login with your primary google account, or someone may install evil chrome extension on it. Well, qubes requires technical expertise, and a lot of people have a tablet anyway. My point is, if you want to check online banking, your tablet (ipad|android) is much more secure than your (windows|linux|mac) laptop. For example, here is how I would explain Android security to someone non-technical: "Do not ever enable 'unknown sources' setting, and always refuse if it asks you something about installing a keyboard". Try doing the same for full-featured laptop. The regular expressions in Ruby, Perl and Python supported "extended syntax" for a long time (x flag). For an example, see the first first section http://www.perl.com/pub/2004/01/16/regexps.html (this is perl , ruby is very similar). I think the article would be easier to read if all the regexes were in extended form, but I suppose that author is an expert regex user, so the examples were easy enough for him. And finally, perl6 totally re-did text matching with "grammars" ( https://docs.perl6.org/language/grammars.html ) -- they use much more readable syntax, nameable groups, etc... It really is quite a wonderful thing, I with it was available in other languages. FYI: "The data on programming languages, their influence relations and the programming paradigms they are classified into comes from the Freebase Programming Language collection, which is largely based on information from Wikipedia. Freebase data is not necessarily correct or complete." How would barter system prevent the goods made by robots? As long as robot-employing countries remain, they will still produce cheaper goods. All this means is that if I need a pencil, I will go to my local "trader" to barter things I have for imported, industrially-produced pencils. even with shipping, a pencil factory overseas will still produce much cheaper pencils that artisanal pencil maker. More technologically advanced items would be even worse. If you want people to shun goods made by robots, you should campaign for visible "MADE BY ROBOTS" markings on relevant products, educate people why this is bad, and maybe also tax such produce extra for a good measure. Of course, it may not work very well, may have an opposite effect (see "Made In Germany" story), and will definitely introduce potential for abuse and gaming of the system. The team I am on uses git because we want clean and linear commit history. This means "master" and private branches are very different: - private branches have lots of random commits which no one will care about once feature is done: "start on feature", "fix typo", "add test", "fix feature", "add interface to foobar", "fix a bug", "fix it for real", "add another function to foobar interface".. and so on - "master" has a nice, clean history. The corresponding commits would be : "add interfaces to foobar", "add feature" This means the developers are actually expected to squash/merge/reword their commits before submitting to master. The submit scripts also enforce ff-only merges, so the master is fully linear. We like this workflow because it has advantages of both SVN -- linear, easy-to-read history, and of git -- you can commit as often as you want and you can share your work easily. Now, we have users struggle with git periodically, but it looks that trying to use Mercurial in our workflow will be even worse -- most of the Mercurial references seem to disapprove of rebasing in general. Example: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2672351/hg-how-to-do-a-re... I understand that this is somewhat unusual workflow; but it illustrates the power of git. You can have a huge variety of the workflows, while Mercurial (and many others) push people towards a single preferred one. And sure, modern hg has "rebase" and "histedit", but they just seem like second-class citizens, and they are much less polished than git's (for example, histedit's man page says " If you drop a change, it's gone forever". Scary! I think I will just use git instead) This project specifically does not try to implement memory, leaving this to Raspberry PI. In this case (1), the simplest CPU (by part count) is a 1-bit one, such as Motorola MC14500B. The application handbook http://tinymicros.com/mediawiki/images/e/ec/MC14500B_Handboo... (pdf) explains how it works. - CPU does not contain program counter: instead, a regular binary counter counts PC from 0 to max program ROM, then wraps. You can clear OEN bit to turn write operations into no-op's. (For an advanced usage, you have JMP and RTN instructions which just set corresponding pins. It is up to you to wire something to them.) - CPU does not contain instruction decoder: instead, some bits from program ROM are wired to address bus. For example, 16-bit wide ROM will be split into 4 bit instruction and 12 bit memory address. Max amount of RAM supported depends on your ROM's width. RAM is bit-addressable. There is no indirect RAM access (unless you implement it yourself). - CPU does not contain wide registers: you get one data bit, one result bit, and two flags, for 4 bits of state total. - CPU does not contain ALU: you can do AND/OR/XOR, optionally inverted -- so just a single bit LU unit. This machine is not Turing complete at all (2), but it is still possible to implement basic arithmetic, as well as simple games such as "pong". (1) I am ignoring all other requirements here, like clear layout and educational value. (2) Strictly speaking, no real machine is Turing complete, because Turing machines require infinite memory. But this machine is super bad because it has no indirect memory access at all. Why would startups need to do this? AFAIK, at least for small US companies, they can just hire anyone they want. They are not obliged to post the jobs or accept general resumes -- if they want to hire an insider, they just hire him, and no one outside would even be aware that there was a job offering. I have heard about larger companies / government agencies having these kinds of interviews due to internal procedures, but hopefully most startups have more sane setup. FTR, this is about "remote direct memory access" in a "set of data plane libraries and network interface controller drivers for fast packet processing" in Linux. Nothing to do with Democratic People's Republic of Korea. The authors explicitly compare saltpack and PGP, and all of you questions get answered when you think about it as "better PGP", an encryption designed to be used with email, generic online messengers, forums and so on: > Not totally sure what BaseX is, how it compares versus Base64, especially post HTTP deflate compressions, but I'm not sure I like it. BaseX is "armor" -- a way to insert binary data into the text-only media such as email messages and forum posts. It seems to be way more convenient, as it uses no punctuation and is whitespace-insensetive. For example, I have once tries to send PGP message via gmail web interface and it took me two or three tries to figure out how to properly paste the text without gmail inserting extra whitespace and making the message undecodeable. BaseX should not have such problems. It is slightly less efficient that base64, including under compression, but I think it is worth it. > I'm pretty sure this kind of exercise is better left out, and that everyone should just use zstd on whatever encoding so as to decouple problem domains. Are you talking about zstd as in "Zstandard - Fast real-time compression algorithm"? This has nothing to do with this proposal, there is no compression anywhere in there. > Round two of skepticism: msgpack is a niche player with no clear big corporate sponsor. Protobufs, flatbufs, and thrift are all actively making faster better quicker implementations, but I can not off the top of my head think of any major msgpack lovers. Avro also seems to just generally have some fast impls already, especially on platforms I care about[1], so credit there too. The deserialization speed does not really matter. All saltpack messages are encrypted, and your decryption time will dominate your deserialization time. > I ought review, but out of hand I can't think of anything distinguishing about msgpack. Well, msgpack is in a completely different group from Protobufs/flatbufs/and thrift. The former is a protocol, which is implemented by a number of libraries, while the latter is a specific library, available from a single vendor only. As a result, msgpack has fewer features (no schema support at all), but is not bound to a single large corporation. IMHO, a right choice for global communication protocol. > Definitely nice having some alternative to Salmon protocol[2] (as in Buzz, OStatus) on hand. Wait, what? Salmon is about blogs on the web, HTTP posts, XML schemas embedded in HTML. The encryption is only a small part of it. Saltpack is about encryption email/chat/messaging, has no specification of payload format, and designed to work without HTTP using efficient formats. I see very few common things between two protocols. > Alas I believe it's again fully encapsulating, versus say http signatures[3], where the signature is decoupled from the payload. It takes both types!! Neither is right. Well, the big difference is that http signatures have no encryption while saltpack has it. So just two very different goals that they want to achieve. Looking at CBOR spec, I see that it is just more complex. Two ways to encode lists/strings -- indefinite-length and strings. 16-bit floats in the main spec. Separation of "null" and "undefined" values. And tags, with which define things like decimal fractions, bigints, and regexps. The tags are the worst, actually. Sure, spec says "decoders do not need to understand tags", but this is not really the case. For example, if someone has floating point numbers and worries about precision loss, they can store the value as _decimal fraction_ (per section 2.4.3). This means that your decoders have to support both tagging and your favorite bignum library just to make sense of the data. In comparison, in msgpack (or json or xml or anything else) you would just have to store a string representation -- trivial to convert to either regular floats if you do not care, or to pass to your favorite bignum library (and this will be simple, as all of them support constructor based on ascii strings). In general, I think optional tags in data-interchange protocols are a very bad idea. For example, there is a tag for "Standard date/time string" and for "Epoch-based date/time". Which means that either: - You schema says "date/time", and your decoder now must support both of them (and probably untagged strings, and integers too). So this is an extra complexity in your decoder. - Your schema says "date/time in 'Standard date/time string' format", and now every encoder user must make sure the emitted value is encoded and tagged appropriately. This means you cannot do `x = cbor_encode({"now": date})`, you have to read your encoder documentation to make sure the CBOR encoder you are using will generate the required encoding. So extra complexity in either case, and no real benefits. Better stick to msgpack, at least it has no extensions defined currently. "While much of the technology required to develop a self-driving car will be made freely available, certain features, which Lu says will include some mapping and machine-learning services, will be accessible through an application programming interface that Baidu will control." Open-source core, but key parts would be closed sourced -- just like AOSP and Android. Still, should be lots of interesting code. I feel that raspberry pi has another advantage -- it teaches people that not all computing is x86. x86 is always almost associated with proprietary close-source code -- both in BIOS, in SMM and various motherboard peripherals. I personally would be very happy to use simpler devices, but if you want high performance and cheap, then x86 is your only choice. Using non-x86 devices like Raspberry Pi is the first step in breaking this. Yes, Pi itself has closed-source components, but once the people understand that it is feasible and not hard to run generic server code on ARM/RISC CPUs, the demand will appear, and the market would act and bring cheaper and faster servers to the market. And this is already happening -- for example I think odroids got popular only after Pi has created the demand. So if you have a choice between x86 and non-x86, chose the latter if you can, to make the world a bit more secure and open. In C, I could not find good libraries for basic stuff (dynamic string manipulation, variable-sized arrays, hash tables). I tried glib but it was much worse than C++'s STL. It is entirely possible to write C-style programs in C++ (very few classes, globals all over the place) and so on, and at least for me, C-style software in C++ are much safer/easier to debug than C-style software in C . They have re-implemented entire network stack above IP layer. They start from raw IP (protocol 99), and then added "AES, SHA, RSA, and elliptic curve". So you cannot use TCP/UDP/TLS/QUIC -- they are too insecure; instead let's have a bunch of code designed by unknown people, likely with not professional crypto experience, and not verified by anyone. Riight.... Absolutely true, but does this justify Uber's workspace culture, Waymo secrets, or sidestepping law enforcement (main reasons for Kalanick's resignation according to article)? Glad to hear from authors! Question 1: So how is your solution better than UDP/QUIC or TCP/TLS? Yes, you have to properly tune and use protocols, by padding the data properly, and by setting up DDOS mitigations. Still, it will be much less work that writing a new protocol from scratch, and it will be better than your protocol in every single aspect. Question 2: What do you mean "highly successful"? I did not see anything in the whitepaper (but I have not read it very carefully), and the website has two quotes from hilariously incompetent pentesters. Do you have any other evidence of success? Note: that answer is mostly incorrect. 1. While simple TCP/IP implementations have SYN flood issues, there are plenty of ways to mitigate them, including SYN cookies and third-party firewalls and load balancers. In fact, the SYN flood mitigations are so good, that most modern attacks are either raw traffic, or higher-level connections. 2. TLS pads your messages to block size (for example, 16 bytes). If your message size varies by a bigger amount, just pad all of your messages manually. This takes 2 lines in modern scripting languages. No need to switch to all-new suite. 3. This is just outright wrong. If you have messages which are "fully encrypted, authenticated, validated", then it means you run ZeroMQ with either TLS or CurveZMQ. Both of them have full protection against replay attack. Did you read the linked article? The law enforcement thing (at https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/04/technology/uber-federal-i... ) was started by Portland, Oregon. What does it have to do with NYC? Reply to your message edits: > 1) UDP leaks information, thereby violating the C in CIAA. Which information? Properly encrypted UDP only shows destination IP and port number. Your protocol shows destination IP and protocol number (99) -- since very few people use it, protocol 99 is as distinct as UDP port. Moreover, if you are concerned with UDP port leak, you can just use a random destination port on server, or masquerade as some other UDP protocol. There is no such option with current ControlMQ system > TCP is subject to the SYN resource exhaustion attack, and is connection oriented which is brittle. You do know about SYN cookies, right? And you know that SYN flood is easily defeated now -- for example, out of 5 most significant DDOS attacks in 2016 ( https://www.tripwire.com/state-of-security/security-data-pro... ) , none used SYN flood. > Both are vulnerable to packet replay attacks, which is a particularly troubling problem for controls. Any control connection should use encryption. Every popular encryption method (including TLS and QUIC) protects against replay attacks. > 2) The pen testers that evaluated our technology we believe to be highly competent. Well, all I have is front page quote, and I see the words "We were unable to [...] observe [...] the message traffic" and "TCP and all the UDP ports only list that they are open/unfiltered". This apparently means they could not even use wireshark to observe the IP message traffic -- they just ran "nmap" and found not ports. This is pretty sad for a pentester. I would expect to see mentions of DOS attacks and fuzz testing. For example, what happens if I just start sending random packets to your daemon? How many packets per second it can handle before it fails over? What if I compromise a client, extract a session establishment key from it (assuming you have one), and start to establish new sessions? how many will your server handle before failing? I was going to type in the long, point-by-point response, but then I saw this: > Replay attacks protection by TLS, etc uses sequence numbers which expects a continuous connection. There is the setup phase that must be taken into account and then the entire series of packets from that point on can be replayed. WHAT? You do know that you cannot just "take setup phase into account" in TLS unless you have both server and client secret keys, right? There is the whole "key exchange" step make it impossible? If you write stuff like this, for god's sake, do not design encryption protocols. I am horrified about what your code does if you do not know/don't understand key exchange concept. > Yes, but the packet replay protection is due to the sequence number of the packet that happens after the session is established. The TLS does not use pre-shared keys. Instead, every time a client establishes a new connection, there is a "key exchange" phase. Here is a simplified explanation: 1. client generates a random number, does some math on it, encrypts with server's certifcate, and sends to server; 2. server generates another random number, does some math on it, and sends to client. 3. after more math (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffie%E2%80%93Hellman_key_exc... ), both client and server get the session key. If the exchange was not tampered with, both client and server get the same session key. 4. client and server exchange messages encrypted with session key. If they both have the same session key, they will be able to decrypt the message properly; otherwise, the connection is closed. 5. Now client can send a command, such as "open door" The reason replay protection works is because every time session is established, the server will choose a different random number in step 2. So if you try to replay, then step 3 will generate different session keys, and step 4 will fail. Once the connection is established, there is a separate counter for replay protection, but it does not have to be complicated -- because we know that the session key is unique to this session alone. This is how TLS / DTLS / QUIC do replay protection. Do you agree that these protocols are fully replay-protected? 1. Your reply was "SYN cookies can be a solution, but it has limitations, and to overcome those limitations requires changes to the TCP protocol." Can you tell me more about these limitations? I thought the SYN cookies work pretty well. And they are pretty simple to setup -- in fact, they need no setup at all, as they are already enabled by default in the recent distributions. 2. Right, so how does your protocol solve a padding problem? Why won't this method work with ZeroMQ? 3. As I was saying above, this is still wrong. Both TLS and CurveZMQ are protected against replay attack. Well, you saw the quotes on the website, they did hire the best pentesters! For example, one pentester ran "nmap", which did not find any ports open, so he said "There doesn't seem to be an available service to attack." This means the system is SUPER SECURE. Look, you keep saying "on a suitably reliable network". Where do you get this stuff? TLS replay protection is always present and does not depend on network reliability at all. You might not establish TLS connection if your network is super bad, but it does not mean replay is possible. Can you PLEASE tell me how unreliable network allows TLS replay (or DTLS replay, or QUIC replay -- they all do key negotiation) Well, you may want to choose different quotes, or even better, make whole reports available. Because if your pentesters do not know what to do when nmap fails, this means they must be pretty clueless and thus their reports do not have much value. Today's bitcoin confirmation fee is 88140 satoshis (~$2) according to https://bitcoinfees.21.co/ Does not sound like a good idea for microtransactions. .. no protection against dishonest sellers .. no protection against dishonest buyers .. no protection against dishonest website operators > LaTeX documents, tables, images, videos, songs, computer programs, etc. have very little in common, so why make them all files? They have plenty of things of common -- you can make an independent local copy of them, you can copy them to USB stick and give to other people, they can be backed up to a local storage or to a cloud, they can be sent by e-mail. Having persistent objects means every single program has to implement its own cloud syncer and "copy to USB stick" functionality. In practice, this just means heavily siloed data -- as a power user, I would hate this. I have a feeling that if Adobe would publish detailed Flash file format specs when Flash started to decline, there would have been separate player implementations and Flash might still be alive today. Of course, this also means alternative editor implementations, and this decreases business value. This is also a lot of work. And at some point, it became too late -- if format would be published today, very few people would care. So I am not surprised Adobe decided to let the Flash die, rather than open it. I don't remember the flash permissions model being problematic. I saw two main problems with flash: - it was a lightweight and compatible way to insert animated ads. The animation consumed a lot of CPU. This is why most people blocked flash, and why most Apple refused to support it on ipads. - it had horrible security record. For some reason, Adobe could not fix the bugs in the Flash plugin. This is why IT departments started to block it. For more details, see this very interesing Steve Job's letter why Flash would never run on i-devices: https://www.apple.com/hotnews/thoughts-on-flash/ (note it does not even mention sandboxing model) C# I am curious how can you even break Google apart -- it is not like you can just split it into regional companies (like with Ma Bell). The article only mentions: - Fining Google over shopping-comparison results - Forcing Bell Labs to license its patents to all comers I don't think that the fines could reduce Google's or Facebook's market share in their primary market. As for the patent example, I am not sure how to apply it to Google/Facebook. AFAIK, their patent portfolio, or even their software, is not the key to their success -- their social networks are. Re modernity: is is true that Delphi/Object Pascal has no automatic memory management support, and it is up to the programmer to add lots of "try" blocks and manually code up destructors to release the resources? For example, this tutorial (from 2017) recommends doing "try .. finally: f.Release" block. https://www.thoughtco.com/communicating-between-forms-409254... This tutorial, which is also from 2017, says that that you need to either explicitly add each member to an owned list, or to explicitly free every class member in destructor: http://newpascal.org/assets/modern_pascal_introduction.html#... Is this a recommended best practice? I hope not -- most (all?) of the modern languages either have GC, or offer automatic refcounted pointers, and Object Pascal claims to be modern. I know the disadvantages of GC; what I am asking about is "smart pointer", like C++'s std::shared_ptr, or Rust's Rc. It is used like this: In the class definition: std::shared_ptr big_struct; In the constructor (or anywhere else in the program): big_struct = std:::make_shared (arg1, arg2) and that's it. When there are no more users of the pointer (for example, when the container object disappears), it will get destroyed automatically. There is no magic -- this is a simple reference counting pointer, and the compiler will automatically add the release call to the object destructor, on function exits, or in any other place when the variable is no longer accessible. I found these things extremely helpful in the modern languages without GC. They are obviously not perfect -- if you have a complex structure with a loop it will never get destroyed -- but they eliminate 99% of all possible memory leaks with a very little effort. And the good news, they have almost no overhead. They are also fully thread-safe, so they become extremely helpful if you have a multi-threaded application and you want to pass the data between the threads. This is the simplest of things that modern non-GC languages, and this is one of the big reasons why I no longer do C, just C++. There are more advanced features, of course, but I don't think you can call a language "modern" if it does not even have the smart pointers. I work in robotics, and I meet people with this attitude all the time. This kind of thinking is OK when your robot is a small desktop toy, or a humanoid robot moving at 1 cm/second, but this approach will not work if your robots can damage expensive equipment or kill people. The key thing to understand is that your simulator is not a fixed product provided by a third-party. It grows organically with your codebase. So any time you encounter a bug in the real word, you have a three step process: - Create a test case to reproduce your bug in the simulation. This may involve updating your simulator to simulate the new physical properties we care about (such as new failure modes or new types of the sensor noise) - Fix your code, and make sure your test case passes - Add the test case to automatic testing suite and keep it there *forever*. this is the most important part. For an SDC company, the test suite is almost as important as the code itself. The time spent on writing testing code and test cases could be actually more than time spent writing the driving code itself. Unfortunately, many academic courses use an opposite approach: they use pre-made simulators, and do not modify them at all. This gives students the wrong expectation that you can find a simulator which can just simulate everything perfectly out-of-the-box; when this (predictably) fails, they become disappointed in the whole simulation idea. Sounds like USSR's education system. A high school would require 8-9 classes every semester, and you don't really have a choice about which classes to take. You have to take physics, literature (world and local), chemistry, "russian" (similar to composition/creative writings in US schools), math, art, and so on. There was a lot of complaining about the classes -- most people don't enjoy knowing both properties of organic acids and major themes in Fet's poems at the same time. And many people would feel some classes are mostly a waste of time. Still, it did allow one to discover what they want. The choice of 320x240 resolution with 256 colors on the VGA adapter is a pretty strange one. I would think that 640x480 with 16 colors would be a much better choice. - For a card game, you don't need much colors (white, black, red, background), but resolution is critical, as there are many fine details. - 16 color mode has a special mode where one byte access can write a color to up to 8 pixels. If you get this trick right, then filling large areas with solid color or simple patterns (such as mostly-white card faces) will be even faster than in 256-color mode. - Subjectively, high-resolution mode with almost square pixels is what makes VGA special compared to EGA. How are you going to brag about you new shiny VGA card if you cannot even show it off? :) This website seems to completely ignore the existence of non-windows platforms, to the point they don't even list supported OSs. Wow, I thought these went extinct years ago. Every once in a while I see references to Xanadu, as a solution that would fix all of the problems with current WWW by making broken links impossible. At some point, I spent some time reading about Xanadu's protocol, and I now think it would never work at all, since it makes some pretty wide assumptions: Xanadu assumes that documents are stored on append-only structure: they never disappear, and instead of updating the document, one just publishes a new version (with all the text from the previous ones was still available). See for example http://www.xanadu.com.au/ted/XUsurvey/xuDation.html figures 9/10 and then figure 16. Later, there is a reference to cache, but with no details whatsoever: "... content may be cached in many places, as long as it has the same permanent IDs..." I have no idea how is this supposed work in the real life. Today, the static web hosting is dirt cheap, but back in 90's it was $20/mo for just a few megabytes. In a Xanadu world, what would happen once you no longer pay for service? ... and in Xanadu's case, The Right Thing requires the documents to be never deleted. I do not think this is a good example of the Worse Is Better principle, it is more like "you must think of a real world when designing systems" That image environment sounds scary to me. I used to do a lot of hardware development, and what I love most about software is that you can always restart from the clean plate (by restarting the program) and/or undo your previous work (with version control). From what I understand, none of this applies to Smalltalk. You always modify code on the fly, so you may end up with properties which exists, but no current code ever sets them. Or your program ends up in the invalid state, and you have no idea why -- is it a genuine bug or did it happen few minutes ago, when the function was still incomplete? ... also crud example does not tell first name from last internally (but no one notices it because the fields do not get updated as you click on rows) .. and circles example uses self-modifying code, and takes O(n^2) space, because the undo history contains deep copy of the state now, this is not necessarily a bad thing, but it does make comparitions a little unfair, because other languages do more. Huh? It has not been rejected -- it is up to compiler/linker what to put in RPATH, and you can totally set RPATH to $ORIGIN. There is a nice tool, chrpath, to do so. For example, java sets it to: /usr/bin/java: RPATH=$ORIGIN/../lib/amd64/jli:$ORIGIN/../lib/amd64 I believe the reason it does not happen by default is that binaries go to /usr/bin, and no .so files should appear there. Also it breaks when hardlinks are involved. How so? From what this (very brief) articles says, "Chinese authorities will also target individuals and companies that provide [...] settlement [...] services" No matter what protocol and software is used, at some point, people will want to convert cryptocurrency to/from yuan. This cannot be done anonymously -- the options are face-to-face or via traditional banking system. In either case, it is pretty easy for authorities for find and arrest the relevant people. I bet less than a hundred people arrested will be enough to scare everyone else so that all major exchanges will get closed. I don't know more than what's mentioned in public sources, but I can guess: 1) BYOD is likely supported, but provisioning installs the invasive device monitor (as chrome extension [0]) 2) Paper mentions that you can at least install your own printers. I would think that SW engineers would have full access, subject to device monitor being happy. 3) Since all keys (both per-user and per-device) are stored centrally, it should be fairly easy to revoke all device keys in this case. [0] https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.c... For projects like that, you don't connect anything to the mains at all. Specifically: - At least in US, thermostats control is low-voltage (24 V AC), and come from low-power transformer which will just stop working on overload (ask me how I know :) ), so there is no electrical fire danger - You never plug anything into the AC outlet directly -- you always use AC/DC adapters (and not the ones bought on ebay for minimum price, too) - To prevent freeze hazard, you also leave original thermostat hooked up, but set it to really low temperature (10C/50F). - Overheating house is possible, and you definitely need to consider this in your software (for example, require periodic control messages to keep your boiler on). However, I do not think it is an actual fire hazard -- likely, there are hardware safeties in your heater to prevent that. Still, if you are worried about this, you can install a second thermostat in series with your relay and set it to max temperature you ever want. The environment variables are not about "sessions", they are about arbitrary process trees. For example, during my regular usage, I launch dozens of scripts with slightly altered env vars (want to see time in Australia? override TZ). Build system uses env variables to pass settings around. Remote connections use them to override language settings. I think the better equivalent would be things like "current user/groups/ulimits" (which are all even more restricted than strings), or inheritable command-line. Previous post with slightly more discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16305197 Google accounts are not really simple to create if you want to keep things separate. I have had to create a number of separate Google accounts (for cheap tablets I do not really trust), and it seems Google randomly locks them, requires phone number verification, and does other annoying things. As an informed technical person, aren't you bothered by Stripe insecurity? They have no separate domain and live entirely within vendor-controller DOM. It just takes one bad javascript include on vendor's site, and your CC details are stolen. Yes, Paypal is pretty bad and I avoid using it on the websites I trust -- but if a random small store asks for the credit card, I start searching for alternatives. While I think bookmarks have their place, I disagree with the main premise: > This is an extraordinary shortcoming. Imagine losing track of a stack of books when you move them from one room to another! This is is how real life works -- there is no bookmarks in real life! If you had a stack of books, and you move it into the attic, all you your memory ("Bradbury is located near the floor on the left") will not work anymore. If a document was on your table, and you put it in the drawer, and then spilled the ink on the table, then your document will remain unmarked. When applied to files, directories have meaning, and magic tracking links, as described in this article, would be surprising. When you delete old pictures from Photos, do you want some Keynote presentation, which lives in a completely different folder, break? When you move the file from 'current_info/' to 'outdated_info_do_not_use/', do you want old bookmarks to be still valid? At least on Linux, processes and threads are not that much different. You create both with clone(2) call which accepts a large number of flags (see https://linux.die.net/man/2/clone ). Depending on the flags you pass, you can get a new thread, or a new process, or something inbetween. For example, how about a "thread" which has it's own memory space (~CLONE_VM)? It's just the opposite -- years ago, it was much, much worse. I remember trying to reverse engineer older Symbian notes format -- it was a custom datastore format containing various binary "chunks", each with semi-custom compression. I had to recombine multiple chunks just to get a formatted text, and I still had occasional failure. Or look at other vector format -- like CGM, first made in 1987. It has its own serialization mechanism, it's own model (file->body->figure->segment), and 3 compression types specifically designed for it. Look at http://standards.iso.org/ittf/PubliclyAvailableStandards/c03... -- do you want this today? I'd that zip of plist of float anytime over that. In my cronjob, I like to log the target process output, and ensure that only one timer jobs runs at a time, and apply resource limits, and have an easy way to know if the job is still running. Right now, I am doing this all with a mess of shell scripts (flock + logger + echo calls + pgrep). This is fragile and ugly. Since systemd provides all of the above easily, a better approach will be one-off systemd jobs. In this case, my crontab entries would be a trivial -- "1 3 * * * root systemctl start cronjob1". This only requires scheduling functionality -- background execution, env vars, email notification and other things no longer matter. From there, it is just one small step to move scheduling into the init process itself -- after all, compared to what other things init does, scheduling is both simple and safe. But if the value is determined by a single centralized entity, what is the value that crypto tokens bring? For example, if WOW currency were to become decentralized overnight -- what would practically change? Either way Blizzard can take them away. Either way value of token will drop if Blizzard does this a lot. If you get to the point when you need to write IFS=$'\v' read -d '' -ra a it is a good sign that it's time to switch to some other language. For example in python, it will be just a = s.split("\v") (and yes, sometime you have legacy system, or writing initrd script. But how often does this happen? Any why does your initrd has full bash anyway, as opposed to dash or sh?) Be careful with sh library! It runs the programs under tty by default, so you get random effects like ascii color sequences and truncated git output. There is an option to change this, but it not default, and it is easy to forget it. I like simple archives, but can it be not tarballs? For the kinds of application described in this article, tarballs are pretty bad: Either you extract it from scratch every time you run an app, taking a long time penalty... ... or you extract once to cache, and assume that nothing changes the cache. This is pretty bad from both operational and security perspective: - backups have to walk through tens of thousands of files, thus becoming much slower - a damaged disk or a malicious actor can change one file in the cache, making damage which is very hard to detect. There are plenty of mountable container formats -- ISO, squashfs, even zip files -- which all provide much faster initial access, and much better security/reliability guarantees, especially with things like dm-verity. This is solved very nicely with fuse mounts (and fuse is surprisingly performant on the modern multicore systems) But why would you want to extract if you can mount the file directly? For simple archives, extracting is fine. But for larger archives (like a compiler -- 1000 files or more), loop-mounting is much better than extracting: - Does not slow down your backup by adding thousands of files - No need to wait for initial file extraction - You can quickly and easily verify integrity of the whole archive And if you are using fuse, it does not require any special privileges either! ... and that's how you end up with current situation Replacing inaddr_t with inaddr6_t is trivial, and does not require any significant effort at all. Replacing everything else is hard. My house is on IPv4 and will be on IPv4 for foreseeable future, because all of my setup (filtering, metering, monitoring, fixed IP assignment) is completely unusable in the new IPv6 world with privacy extensions where addresses are not only random, but change constantly. Yes, I know about RFC 7217. But I also know that default network setup in recent Linuxes, Android and iOS all uses privacy extensions. And even if they can be disabled, I want to keep them -- they are there for a reason, I don't want to give every single internet website a permanent, unique identifier. This is not an insolvable problem. I can write another daemon to keep the history of IP Mac associations, change my accounting scripts to look the matching MAC, change the firewall to filter based on mac address, and so on -- but it is a lot of work, and no benefits. The NAT is not a problem at my home network, generic openwrt router has enough CPU power for my bandwidth. Direct addressing for each device is useless, as I would still have to list every port and every device I want to expose -- even if NAT goes away, the firewall with default-deny incoming policy stays. This, IMHO, is the biggest problem with IPv6 adoption. If this was only "recompile the problem and change IP address regex", then we would be done ages ago. Instead, it just got strictly worse for most small network owners. Verification of a single file is much faster than walking entire tree, especially when there are lots of small files, for example when there is a compiler or large python project inside. A simple example: my /usr/include is 33037 files, 356M uncompressed. On SSD with cold cache, it takes 6.7 sec to read each file individually, or 0.7 sec to checksum a single 356M archive, a 10x difference. The difference in the backup time is even more dramatic -- the backup program has to call stat() either 33K times, or just once, a 3,330,000% improvement! The other filesystem tools (What takes all the space? What has changed in the last X hours? Please sync this directory elsewhere.) will have similarly high speed improvements. So if I had a choice, I would love my dev environment to come in mountable form. Similarly, I don't understand why container runtimes (like docker) don't use loop mounts more -- it seems like many advantages and very few disadvantages. As for signature verification -- I don't care about 3rd party signature and revocation, I just want to ensure that I am running the same code every time. There are many ways one can damage extraction cache, especially if it is owned by the same user as application (like the topicstarter post described) -- sysadmin errors (`sudo find / -name app-old -delete`), application errors (create cache file in bin dir), disk errors (silent corruption), transfer errors (one file did not get transferred to a new computer). Loop mounting makes disk errors easier to detect, and eliminates other classes of error entirely. From that link: > Strictly speaking, it does not actually employ any measurements of parallax and can be considered a misnomer. Here is a nice link I randomly found on google: https://leanpub.com/visualising-software-architecture/read#l... I spent about 30 seconds looking at it, but at least the first chapter 1 seems to be about proper whiteboard techniques Maybe I had unusual experience, but in the places I have worked, it was executives' actions that matter, and not random mission phrases. To go back to Tylenol example -- reading the news at the time, it looks like the company was praised for quick product recall and good communications. All of those are top-level decisions, and I am sure CEO had insight into them. So I suspect you are confusing cause and effect here -- the cause was top management's beliefs, and the effects were (1) nice-sounding credo, and (2) good reaction of Tylenol accident. In other words, the company can talk all they want about "excellence in details" on their culture page -- but CEO can still say "demo is in 1 week, just disable all tests". The opposite is also true -- there plenty of companies which have mo mission page at all, but have the great code. ... or sign it using cryptographic timestamp service, and keep certificate? Use multiple timestamp services if you want more assurance. see also: https://www.globalsign.com/en/blog/what-is-timestamping-how-... see also free services: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25052925/does-anyone-kno... Yes, it is certainly a proof (in a most commonly-used logic systems) There may be some logic systems where proof by contradiction is not a proof. The existence of such logic systems does not mean there is any disagreement between mathematicians. What are you talking about? Systemd (pid 1) just does socket activation, it has no high level functionality. Yes, there are related programs like systemd-timesyncd, but they are completely separate processes, and can be managed separately and even omitted altogether. Now, traditional BSD inetd had discard, chargen, echo, ... protocol support, which means that it was actually more integrated that systemd. I don't think this project should be git torrent -- after all, one of the reasons bittorrent got so popular is non-distributed tracker and .torrent files, which provide efficiency and authenticity. Maybe git-donkey or git-gnutella instead? Of course not, they will just hard-fork the chain! Well, have you seen the submission domain? > ZyCrypto is a Cryptocurrency news Breaking and Information Website Focusing On Daily News, Coins Analysis, Reviews and so much more. I am sure other news sources would have reported this differently. Update: itnews.com.au actually also highlighted cryptocurrency, but they also mentioned that arrest was made with a help of "state crime command’s cybercrime squad". I'd think that that cybercrime squad wanted to show off something only they can do. I always considered "free" as lack of "coersion", where "coersion" has an agent/subject that can be removed to make situation better. Under that definition, the answers are: > If I put a gun to your head and say "Your wallet or your life," are you free? No -- the subject is you and your gun, if you remove them the situation improves. > If I lay a trap, and you fall into it, and I offer to release you if you give me your bank details, are you free? No -- the subject is your trap, if you remove it the situation improves. > If it's a disaster and I charge $10000 for a bottle of clean water, are you free? Yes -- while there is a subject (you), removing it will not make situation any better at all. > If a society requires you to work in order to live but only offers you poor options for work, are you free? Depends? In USSR, with exit visas and "social parasitism" laws, no. Agent is state, and removing will make a situation better -- yes, you would still be hungry, but at least they would not arrest you, and you could try your luck in another country. In USA, mostly yes. There is nothing you can remove to get better options for work, or to allow living without work. There are some exceptions -- like anti-vagrnacy laws and job licensing -- but they do not affect most people. I can see your point about property laws restricticting freedom. But If you say that property laws are coercion, you cannot then say that social net for unemployment helps one be free. The coercion agents are still out there, waiting for you. After all, you were not not free in USSR even if you had a job - freedom is about possibilities. I don't see that in the article. Search, email, drive, youtube, maps all have many non-FOSS entries. I am fairly sure that no apple product is mentioned because replacing all the hardware one has just for more privacy is likely too extreme for many. Not to mention that one of the biggest things you can do for your privacy is ad-blocking / cookie cleaning, and apple does not make it easier at all. I don't actually see how streamr is related to this post at all? streamr seems to be for low rate messages (0.001 to 1 per second) between multiple, disjoint users, using cloud services on the blockchain. This post is about high rated messages (80,000,000 per second) within one organization using self-hosted hardware. Like property taxes, perhaps? (unfortunately(?), many states do not have them) What? No. Curl piping into bash will trivially steal all of your data at once. Running a container from dockerhub is much safer, provided you do not give it privileges using --privileged or bind-mounting system files like docker control socket. If your system is up to date and there are no docker 0-days active, the worst "docker run --rm -it RANDOM-CONTAINER" can do is to use too much resources -- your local secrets would be safe. Note that when he said it affects linux, he is wrong. From https://lwn.net/Articles/375888/ : > Only privileged users can call open_by_handle(); otherwise it could be possible for a malicious local user to bypass the normal permission checks on the directories in the path to a specific file. > It's not to late to switch away from JSON, it really isn't. Yes, it is. People are already used that in dynamic languages (javascript, python, ruby), you can work with unknown structures in a performant way, and they will be mapped properly to the underlying data model. They are not going to switch to something where you need to have a schema just to parse it properly. You almost got me scared there! I was going to switch to Brave on my tablet to get better power saving / faster experience via adblocking. However, having blockchain in the browser would defeat the whole thing, making everything much slower instead. Luckily, they only seem to incorporate BAT, which is fully opt-in, and seems to have no overhead for regular users. Exactly, it conveys underlying data model of dynamic languages, or to be specific, of a common subset of their data types. As for data validity, this is completely separate question. I don't believe that validation should be a part of the language or data format -- my language lets me write 'age = "yellow"', and so should my data format. Have you considered existing scientific columnar data storage formats, like HDF5 or Parquet? Their main advantage is that they have good, mature implementations in a variety of languages, which would be handy if you ever find Javascript to be too slow. So an alternative to shared libraries is RPC over FUSE-like transport? It is a sane idea and may work well, but I think the page overcomplicates it. Why bother with filesystem -- having cryptofs implement "getattr" and "readlink" seems like a total waste. Why not use the things designed for RPC? For example, one may use raw unix sockets (this is how Xorg, and pulseaudio work), or D-Bus (this is how disk mounting in modern desktop linux works), or HTTP-based transports (this will be known as "microservices" then). Here is a nice explanation from Raymond Hettinger: https://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-dev/2012-December/1... If you don't like modern UIs, I'd recommend Linux today. The main Ubuntu has all the crazy UI changes that I stopped following long time ago, but all the old stuff is still in repos. For example, this is blackbox 0.60.0 window manager, released around 2000: https://www.linux.org.ru/gallery/screenshots/19788 Almost 20 years later, the "blackbox" package is still around: https://packages.ubuntu.com/bionic/blackbox . You can install it, choose it in the dropdown from the login screen and start using it. Or get a version of Ubuntu with this stuff pre-configured (like xubuntu or lubuntu) And the best part? You have all the modern software -- browsers, editors, compilers. You can be fully productive and enjoy the stable UI For PDF, try qpdfview or xpdf (you cannot get any more old-style than that!) For images, you can always try feh or imagemagic's "display". Or if you want a bit more UI, "geeque" (which is based on gimageview, and still has not changed the design much) For web browsers, I am afraid you don't have many options if you want to use modern web apps. The web evolves too fast for that. There are still independent browsers (like netsurf), but I gave up on them and just use chrome. I doubt that Haiku can ever be practical, unless you live completely offline. Even PDF format keeps evolving -- version 2.0 was released in 2017 -- so you cannot keep maintaining versions just for a single OS. And once you start porting entire programs from different platforms (like LibreOffice), the platform's unique UI traits will slowly disappear. Who will notice the unique kernel if it has POSIX compat layer and GTK? The blog is hosted on github, but the post is about Oslandia. I am fairly sure that both linx and lynx work with modern SSL. In fact, just checked on Ubuntu 16.04 -- both links (2.12) and lynx (2.8.9...) work fine with https://google.com and https://news.ycombinator.com for example. What is the good story of multi-computer/mobile IRC access, with shared read state notifications? I used to run IRC on the server in the screen session, but this is unusable on mobile. And setting up properly was a total PITA. This is why we can't have nice things -- it is just destroying the value of stars for no good reason. Hopefully, it is not popular. I wish there was a list of Gitstarred users, so I know which projects have the fake stars, and thus should be avoided. Am I reading that right? There is a whole article about how long JIT compilers take to settle, but the actual performance changes by just a few percent tops? (for example, first graph has 0.571 for cold JIT, and 0.568 for warm JIT, a 0.5% difference) I think for me, the main takeaway from article is startup time for JITs is irrelevant, since it does not affect performance much. I think it is important to remember this is not any blockchain, it is IBM Blockchain For Business. I found a great overview page: https://www.ibm.com/blogs/blockchain/2017/05/the-difference-... > Consensus in a blockchain for business is not achieved through mining but through a process called “selective endorsement.” It is about being able to control exactly who verifies transactions, much in the same way that business happens today. [...] This is different from Bitcoin, where the whole network has to work to verify transactions. > Bitcoin thrives due to anonymity. [...] On the other hand, businesses have KYC (know your customer) and AML (anti-money laundering) compliance requirements that require them to know exactly who they are dealing with. Participants in business networks require the polar opposite of anonymity: privacy. So I actually think this is not such a bad idea. I mean, it allows IBM to take all the money from people who want to buy blockchain, but does not produce negative effects, like energy waste. Sure, I would call it "distributed event sourcing database", but if it has to be renamed for marketing reasons, this is OK too. Does anyone know if they solved their "trust init script too much" problems? Last time I checked, they were loading user-defined scripts right into PID 1, so a badly written script could bring down the whole system. People blame systemd for pid 1 instability, but at least systemd crashes get fixed eventually. With Shepherd, any package on the system can cause PID 1 to crash, and this just seems to crazy for me. The manual [1] starts by saying: "When shepherd gets started, it reads and evaluates a configuration file." That config is full-featured, seemingly unrestricted, lisp file. While I saw some mentions of handling syntax errors on the mailing list, I saw no mentions of what happens if there is an infinite loop or if a script just reads a huge files and OOM's the process. Now, one could imagine that maybe configs are parsed in a separate process, and then serialized and shipped to the main process for safe execution. But it does not seem to be the case -- the manual explicitly says you can use any Guile code to start processes, not just a safe subset. Another option is that maybe there is a thread or a forked process for parsing config. But this does not seem to be the case either -- the manual does not mention that, and searching of the source code for "fork" or "thread" or "timeout" does not seem to indicate anything related. The only mention of timeness expectation seem to be a single sentence "Actions are expected to be non-blocking." in one of the mailing lists [2]. So together, it seems to me that any bad script will just cause the daemon, and by extension the whole system, to not start. [1] " https://www.gnu.org/software/shepherd/manual/shepherd.html#S... [2] http://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/guix-devel/2016-11/msg0094... One of the python motto's is "explicit is better than implicit". Not having to pattern-parse the structures makes programs much easier to read for some people (lke me). But the point is, even with f# syntax, most of the blog post would still apply (needless function calls, non-trivial functions, multiline-unpacking and so on) I do not agree with some of the premises of this post, but saying that changing lambda syntax will somehow help is just not true. Interesting, all sources of MS-DOS 1.25 is just 12K lines of code, including comments. Today, this seems like a pretty small project, and most commercial apps are significantly bigger. I don't think we need a new word for this -- this is just regular proprietary software. Renaming it only confuses matters, and does not eliminate any of the downsides. They are perhaps better at forcing user to install adblockers? I can generally tolerate ads, but when I notice laggy browsing and my laptop’s fan spinning up at max speed, I leave the site pretty quickly, or switch to adblocked browser. This is fine and nice by default, but there should be a way to disable it. Sometimes you are really searching for a specific word, and really don't want any other substitution. I see it a lot Google searching for electronics terms, where combining common and unusual term sometimes causes unusual term to be ignored. The quotes used to help, but they no longer do. Because I do not trust them? I've seen them get it wrong -- and once you know that "sort by price" may not, in fact, give you the lowest price, it becomes completely useless. I would not mind if the filtering was optional; but it is not, so this is one more reason to avoid Amazon. It's interesting that author has chosen to time-reverse Fibonacci sequence, which is cleanly defined on negative values (although alternating signs are somewhat unusual) Then they start to talk about imperative programming and its inability to reverse time, completely ignoring the fact that many mathematical functions defined by recurrences, like factorial, are irreversible. but... "git checkout master" and you are all done! why would you re-clone for that? I personally miss core pattern namespacing. I would love to give some of my containers a custom coredump handler, but this is impossible. And in general, a sysctls settings namespace would be really useful. Sure, sometimes it makes no sense to namespace a setting, but net.ipv4.tcp_congestion_control for example? I'd love to be able to change it without modifying the code. Agreed, this reminded me of the math book I read as a kid (sorry, don't remember the name anymore), which asked a seemingly simple question: "is a random triangle acute" The book then went over a few different methods of constructing random triangles (pick 3 random points, pick 2 random angles, pick 3 points on circle, etc..) and shown how each approach would give a different answer to the problem. Does anyone know how much do BAT publishers get paid, compared to regular ads? How much of that money comes from VCs (in form of "BAT monthly giveaway") vs from the actual advertisers? Sure, robots cannot eliminate all jobs, but they can significantly decrease the number of them. In McDonalds example, cashiers disappeared, but new servers did not magically appear, so the total number of jobs has decreased. The same way, in "online order" example, author has not realized that while the human still helped with the order, the electronic system likely allowed them to fire one of the cashiers. I am not sure how elastic the labor supply is -- but if it is not very flexible, then even relatively small changes can affect wages a lot. It's the other direction. UML runs Linux kernel in ring 3. It emulates hardware protection mechanisms in order to make debugging easier and to run VMs when there is no kernel access. UKL runs userspace apps in ring 0. It discards hardware protection mechanisms in order to make processes run faster, decrease boot time, and decrease management overhead. What would you use in the actual commercial applications? I have seen people try to replace regexes with sequences of splits and accesing hardcoded field numbers. This can inmprove readability in the simple cases, but makes code much more fragile in the complex cases. Another approach I have seen is a full featured lexer. Looks clean and very fadt, but in my experience is an overkill for most tasks If true, this is big news. Do you have more info? Examples, code, academic papers? Previous discussion of this article, with many well-argued criticisms: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5001409 Unfortunately, the ease of deployment often means lower security. Lots of popular packages expect regular web user to be able to update source code (!), totally defeating any protection OS may provide: https://www.drupal.org/docs/7/install/step-4-run-the-install... PHP is really nice and easy to deploy, and it would be my first choice for trivial one-file scripts, but I wish people did not use those simple deploy methods on the big internet. The net is not a nice place it used to be 10 years ago, and today, deploying scripts without any OS-based security protection is just irresponsible. (And yes, it is possible to deploy PHP in the secure way with proper privilege separation, but most of the large, existing projects recommend doing it insecurely) Somewhat famously, tar format is so bad, when kernel needed an compression format for initrd, they went with cpio: https://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/filesystems/ramfs-r... Quote: "tar is ugly as hell and not going to be supported on the kernel side" But staking is naturally limited by the amount of money one has -- so it would be a great advantage for big corps with PR budgets and a disadvantage for individuals. Do we really want that? Hypothetical example: - The Citizen (on blockchain): EvilCorp is dumping toxic waste on my property! They are making millions of dollars from my ruin! I stake all of my available money -- $20,000 -- on this statement. - EvilCorp (on blockchain): No we are not. We stake 1% of our discretionary PR budget -- $200,000 -- on this statement. - PR firm (on blockchain): We stake $200,000 to support EvilCorp. They are our biggest customer, and we can handle the (unlikely) money loss if this means good relationship. - Other citizens of the town: yeah, that sludge looks really nasty.. but EvilCorp has a ton of money. That guy has almost nothing, I do not think he is going to win. If we support him, we will likely lose our stake. So it makes financial sense to side with EvilCorp. - Blockchain decides EvilCorp is correct. The Citizen now has backyard full of toxic sludge and broke. - EvilCorp and PR firm both get even more money. You don't need blockchain for immutable log with multiple validators, you just need system like the one Certificate Transparency does [1]. It looks pretty similar to blockchain, but it has lots of advantages for supply chain tracking: much better scaleability, no energy waste, no need for full chain, ability to only care about specific subset of entries, and so on. There are a number of current CT servers, and they are generally free -- they are so cheap that a large company can run one as a public service. For supply chain, have a few competing companies and govt's of US, Russia and EU run it, and you would have very tamper-proof system. [1] http://www.certificate-transparency.org/log-proofs-work So if government can change my private keys, this is no longer decentralized system. How is it different from current system, where county office has a big database of all the documents? I feel that ransomware at least would not be possible without Bitcoin. Before Bitcoin, there were no safe way to get ransom -- Paypal/Western Union would get blocked real fast, and physical transactions were detected in an old-fashioned way. I have not read this very carefully, but these conversations seem to be worried about classical cryptocurrency attacks -- we have rational agents who try to maximize their money. A threat of someone loosing all of their money will prevent one from doing something. However, in my example, this is not the case at all. A PR firm or EvilCorp does not care about success of cryptocurrency, they just want to make sure that "The Citizen" will fail. For example, your link talks about "penalizing both sides hard" like it is unavoidable -- but this is exactly what EvilCorp would want. I don't think I have seen analysis of the prediction markets which assumes actors who are willing to lose money to get the desired results. (1) Try a language with fast allocations (C, C++, Rust, maybe Go or Java) -- anything except Python or Ruby or (2) Try using streaming API (I don't know Ruby, but quick google found https://github.com/dgraham/json-stream ). Note that this method will require you to massively restructure your program -- you want to avoid having all of the data in memory at once. The streaming API might work better with jq-based preprocessing -- for example, if you want to compare two unsorted sets, it may be faster to sort them using jq, then compare line-by-line using streaming API. There are different kinds of software, and being able to write a package manager does not mean one can write an algorithm-heavy application. If a genius circuit design engineer from Intel would apply to Google's SWE position, they would be rejected as well, despite Google running on Intel's servers. This looks very similar to P3P protocol. It required that that each website announces its privacy-related TOS in machine-readable format, and it is your browser which compares announced settings to your personal preferences, and refuses the service if they do not match. > P3P will compare what personal information the user is willing to release, and what information the server wants to get – if the two do not match, P3P will inform the user and ask if he/she is willing to proceed to the site https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/P3P > Also, non-fungible asset tokens. Better known as "deeds." (Right now they're mostly used for virtual collectibles, but fundamentally they're the same "possession of X is ownership of the thing X represents" objects that fit the government's model for e.g. real-estate law. They're just digital instead of paper.) I don't believe one would want physical assets, especially real estate, to be managed on the blockchain -- I certainly won't. Hackers steal private keys, courts can transfer ownership or invalidate the sale. So one need government backdoor to asset database. And if you have a backdoor, you might as well use centralized system -- it is cheaper, faster and more reliable. (And if you want to ensure there are no hidden, retroactive changes, you may want to use systems like certificate transparency [0] which provide log proofs without all the mining overhead) [0] http://www.certificate-transparency.org/log-proofs-work Internet was invented in 1983. Even before that, newsgroups already existed as UUCP. When internet appeared, UUCP was adapted to the internet right away. So on year 1, internet provided unique and useful functionality -- one could exchange information with thousands of people all around the world very quickly. This was pretty revolutionary, there really was no similar services. (fun sample articles: http://www.eightyeightynine.com/culture/80susenet.html ) Let's talk about house buying because this information is publicly available and somewhat well known. Here is a sample house contract: https://www.forsalebyowner.com/pdf/agrmttosell.pdf Notice that many of these clauses are not representable on blockchain at all (for example clauses 9, which allows buyer to adjust price down if the house has any defects), and some could only be represented if entire industries are 100% on block (7, 8, 10, 14, 15, 16, probably many others). Since this is unlikely to happen, at least initially, they are not representable either. As a result, the smart contract cannot be more complex than "start with this amount, adjust price either way if both parties agree, accept if both parties and regulator agree, regulator can override anything" The smart contract won't make seller publicly explain why she want to decrease the amount by $12,345. There will be no explanation why both parties or regulator decided to cancel contract either. All of these decision happen off-blockchain, in the courtrooms, lawyer's offices, or just in private conversations. Also, since there is a "Custodian" maintaining your smart contract, and "Regulator" approving the deals, you won't be able to avoid regulatory capture either. If you try to go against government's interests, then your private keys would get "accidentally" revoked, your smart contract would get "accidentally" invalidated and so on. And of course, there are lots of other reasons. What if of one of the parties committed fraud, but this was not discovered until after contract completed? What if Ethereum community decides to fork again? And so on. Note that this recommends "sh" package, which made an _interesting_ decision to run processes in tty by default. This goes against unix conventions that batch processes should not be using tty, and breaks a number of utilities like git and systemctl. This is so bad that even their example from the front page is broken(!): $ python3 >>> import sh >>> sh.git.show('HEAD').count('\n') 49 # Now resize your terminal window to be 10 lines tall >>> sh.git.show('HEAD').count('\n') 9 Yep, it truncated "git show" output to the height of your terminal window. Do you want this in your code? While you can append special flag for this, it is very easy to forget to do so, and the documentation does not help either. Their FAQ states that they are aware of the issue and won't fix it [0]. So my advice is: stay away from "sh" package, as it makes it very simple to generate unreliable code. Instead, use built-in tools which are pretty nice and just a bit more verbose: >>> import subprocess >>> subprocess.check_output('git show HEAD', shell=True).decode().count('\n') 49 [0] https://amoffat.github.io/sh/sections/faq.html#why-is-tty-ou... It is obviously each person's preference, but I especially hate non-reproducible, context dependent bugs. I think having a reproducible, consistent runs is key to having nice software that everyone enjoys developing. In this light, I find the tty decision particularly bad, as it is very prone to introducing subtle changes -- for example, do you need the special flag for "git log"? what about "git for-each-ref"? what about "ls"? what about "gcc"? For this reason, I find it way easier to just ban "sh" outright altogether. Our organization policy say "do not use sh module". When new member joins, and they way to shell stuff out, they will find out that they need to use subprocess module, grumble a bit, search the web, but then produce a working, if verbose, code. An alternative would be to say: You can use sh, but never use it as sh's own front page recommends. If you find an article on the web which mentions sh, be aware that you cannot just copy-paste code from it, as it can be broken depending on which command you run. You need to audit which command you run to see if it cares about tty. Currently, you have to include the flag for many (but not all) git subcommands, "ls", "apt", ... but that list can change at anytime. > i know i've been happy it's there and used it in a few projects with good success, particularly projects that need exactly that: replace a shell and have the terminal passed down correctly. You have been lucky so far, but every time you use "sh" you are walking on landmines. I can give you a ton of plausible examples where sh breaks. Here is a shell replacement gone wrong: $ git show HEAD | wc 49 273 2202 $ python3 -c 'import sh; print(sh.wc(sh.git.show("HEAD")))' 19 97 812 edit: have you seen "subprocess.run" in python 3.5 [0]? It gives nice all-in-one API, with readable options like `check=True' or `capture_stdout=True` [0] https://docs.python.org/3/library/subprocess.html#subprocess... My usual question for decentralized storage system is "who is paying". The DPAGE page says: "your data are by default stored on a free Blockstack’s Gaia storage hub". When I looked at the Blockstack, their page says "Personal data lockers built on Google, AWS, and Azure." Does this mean that my data is stored (encrypted) on Google/AWS/Azure, and that Blockstack is currently paying for this? So if Blockstack runs out of money, all the pages are gone? Don't discount human relationships! For example, I have at least few friends who would be willing a small server in their apartment for me (especially since nowdays, such servers are physically small and draw very little power). In the theoretical case where the personal photos are hosted on IPFS, they could provide storage for me. And since it is IPFS, it would not require much -- even if they get super popular, the outgoing bandwidth is still relatively small. Going further, imaging a web build on IPFS, where it is considered acceptable and recommended to pin all the sites you link to. So ipfs hacker news pins all the articles that people are linking to, and my browser bookmarks pin all the bookmarked content (possibly via Firefox sync service), and my personal website pins all the outgoing links so they never go broken. (Note that this likely would not with the videos very well, but I am fine with that -- most of things I bookmark, and most of HN content for that matter, is video-free) This is all dreams today of course -- there is a number of technical reasons and missing technologies that make that setup non-feasible now. But wouldn't it be nice to have no broken links? I think this is to enable history and mobile, for example? Granted, I have not used IRC for a while, but last time I checked, the story for getting message history was "start a irc client inside a screen session on a server you own". And there were no mobile at all. (I remember writing a script which exported chat logs from my desktop client to text files available over HTTP... I'd then visit those pages from cell phone to see if I had any more messages. This is not the experience I would wish on anybody) > Matrix can be thought of as an eventually consistent global JSON db with an HTTP API and pubsub semantics - whilst XMPP can be thought of as a message passing protocol. Finally someone gets it! A chat service should value each message and it should never lose messages due to connectivity problems. Thank you for sharing that link, I learned something new today. Because XMPP itself is not enough. If you want to deploy XMPP-based chat service in your org, and you want everyone to have same features (offline, mobile, images), you will have a hard time. You cannot just tell people "go choose any XMPP client, and it will work fine". Instead, it is more like "get XMPP client, but make sure it supports XEP-1111, XEP-2222 and XEP-3333". And if you have multiple platforms (Android, iOS, Win, Linux), let's hope you can find a client for each. Let's look at how Slack is used in my workspace: - Person-to-person chat system. This requires offline messages: "when you get to work, please take a look at ABC-1234". Some people have cell phone as well, so this needs multi-delivery to all the clients (so you can read the message on the phone, then read it again from work PC) - Support system: one person posts "I cannot run TOOL_Z", people who know reply. This requires offline history -- if I maintain TOOL_Z and I come in late, I was to see the question asked, answers, and maybe I want to contribute an answer as well. By the way, slack threads are super helpful for this. - Knowledge archive: next person to have TOOL_Z problem would search the channel history, and find previous answers. - Announcement with discussion: someone posts "New version of TOOL_Z is released! New features: ...". People might respond by discussing the new features. All of those basically require "global database" -- those messages are not volatile things; it is not OK if the announcement is lost, or if you did not see the help request because there was something wrong with the system. And I know that XMPP does not work for that because back when my workplace used to use XMPP (a few years ago), I went to https://xmpp.org/software/clients.html , installed "gaijim", and found out it has no offline message history, no message searching, and half-broken multi-delivery. So we ended up building scaffolding - set up our own search engine, archive system, use different methods for communication. This was a lot of pain and very little gain. So when we had to re-do infrastructure from scratch, we went with Slack. (Note that you can't just say: "I don't need those features". As long as there is a single person in the company who does not have history, the whole company cannot use pure XMPP for support system or knowledge archive anymore -- or that person would be excluded.) As you said in other messages, things are better now -- there are compliance suites. So "XMPP Advanced Client 2018" does do what you want. Unfortunately, I cannot find a list of clients which support "XMPP Advanced Client 2018". Also, there are people who confuse matters by saying that "XMPP does everything Slack can, and has tons of clients". No. "XMPP Advanced Client 2018" does everything Slack can but has very few clients. Regular XMPP has tons of clients but does not support everything that Slack can. It is very important to distinguish between the two. Its not user thing, it's a community thing. For example, if I have users who cannot see images, it means I cannot post screenshots and expect to get meaningful advice on it. For your work: Are you connecting Mcabber to HipChat server? Do you use native HipChat client as well? I really, really hope that XRP is not adopted. At least US government uses monetary policies for the benefit the country (not saying it is always successful, but it is trying), has some responsibility to the voters, and a whole system of checks. Now giving all that power to a commercial corporation whose only goal is to "earn money"? Artificially creating megacors from cybepunk stories? Please no. .. which have client and server parts of the protocol, that can be separately disabled. The fact that same piece of software can run on in client mode and in server mode is irrelevant. In bittorrent example, the seeders are pure servers, and those cheating aps which only connect to seeds are pure clients. Yes, many trackers actively try to detect and discourage pure clients, but this is not enforced by the protocol itself. Who pays for this? IPFS would normally need a pinning node to keep contents from disappearing. Does OrbitDB require the same? If yes, it is not serverless. If no, then where will my data get stored if I upload it and then disappear for a year? I think the reason why most server companies avoid PHP is because it has a potential of security nightmare. The environment where the code is allowed and expected to modify itself means that most of the existing security tools are useless; and the moment there is a software exploit, you have a huge botnet army. (There is already another environment where code is allowed and expected to modify itself -- IOT devices -- and it has been converted to huge botnet.) Naturally, the PHP language itself does not require insecure software practices, and it is entirely possible to have W^X PHP scripts. But this requires a separate channel for code update -- be it a ssh access to server, control panel or a secondary server running as a different user -- and thus is fundamentally incompatible with PHP's "generic server" architecture. (1) IPFS is a service, because it is a single database with consistent information. It is somewhat unusual in that it is widely distributed and is owned by multiple independent actors, but that does not make it any less of a service. An example of set of protocols is HTTP. There is no single "HTTP content cloud" -- each HTTP server is unique and provides different content. (2) I defined "serverless" as "does not need the server to operate" (we traditionally ignore static files servers in this definition). So the case of "collaborative text editor" is a great example, because there are two very distinct products using this name: - Some of them are designed for throw-away documents and have little expectation of durability, like collabedit -- these could be truly serverless, with all data stored in LocalStorage (of course a commercial entity would still at least maintain a TURN server, thus making it not fully serverless) - Some of them are designed for more permanent purpose, like Google Docs. For those, even if you use peer2peer synchronization, you still need a central server. After all, you don't want to lose your life's work if you cleared your browser state. My assumption with most of the databases is that unless mentioned otherwise, they are durable and capable. For OrbitDB, it looks like if you want your database to survive browser cookie clearing and/or to have more than LocalStorage limit, you need to maintain a real server on your infrastructure. So it is not serverless. But it is a different kind of insecurity. For example, your javascript app might be full of code execution exploits, but it still runs in docker. So once vendor releases a fix, you remove old docker container (with all backdoors that could have been installed there), create a new one, and you are done. In fact, since the default way to upgrade version is to re-create docket container, you might be removing backdoors without even being aware of the fact. Compare this to typical PHP “ftp” style install, for example. You install plugins, configure system and update code using config.php. If you ever get compromised, your backdoor is there to stay. If you are lucky and it made all new “backdoor.php”, you might be able to note that from file manager. But what if it just added two lines to footer.php? The chances you will find it are very slim. And if that backdoor disabled your auto-update system, you won’t even know something is wrong. Just to make it clear, yes you can deploy your php apps in a secure way. But doing so makes install much harder, so I have not seen many PHP apps that adopt this approach. > An "ftp style install" is not typical at any company I've been at I am glad for you -- as I mentioned, it is possible to have secure PHP installation, and apparently your company does this. But unfortunately, there are many people who just want to get app going as fast as possible -- and thus often end up with "ftp style" install. Let's look at Wordpress: searching for "install wordpress" brings me here: https://codex.wordpress.org/Installing_WordPress#Famous_5-Mi... , which says "Upload the WordPress files to the desired location on your web server" and "Run the WordPress installation script by accessing the URL in a web browser." -- typical "ftp style install" Joomla install even talks about ftp clients! https://docs.joomla.org/J3.x:Installing_Joomla > Most (good) exploits are executable code in the database, and not even visible (unless you know where to look). That also applies to Javascript/Python/C/etc that would survive docker containers and horizontally scaled servers. Sure, exploits happen. But the question is: will they persist? Your code might have database-driven XSS or RCE bug, but hopefully this will be noticed and fixed -- and once you will install latest version, those database records would be ignored/rendered inert, and your system is clean. .. that is, unless you were running Wordpress installed in a recommended way. There, once you are exploited once, you can click on "upgrade" in admin.php as much as you want, but your system will stay exploited forever. But luckily, things are improving. I remember trying to install ownCloud few years ago, and it really wanted its code dir to be writeable. I just checked their website today, and they offer Docker install now -- this is great! Unfortunately, there is still a ton of existing PHP apps which rely on being able to modify their own code. I'd desugar it like this: >>> lookup = {} >>> for (x, lookup[x]) in ('ab', 'cd', 'ef'): ... pass ... >>> lookup {'a': 'b', 'c': 'd', 'e': 'f'} This makes is much more clear that there is just a double assignment, and that comprehension are pretty close to regular `for` statement. (this was a great example btw -- I write python3 a lot, and I was staring at it for a long time before Icould figure it out) Was it? Once scale problems is gone -- you assume that all code can be checked out on one machine, and you have enough buildfarm to build all the code -- the most of the article's points no longer apply. The downsides which still apply are Upside 3.3 (you don't deploy everything at once) and Downside 1 (code ownership and open source is harder). And those are pretty weak arguments -- I would argue that deploying problems exists with polyrepo as well, and there are now various OWNERS mechanisms. The fact the polyrepos are harder to open source is a good point, but having to maintain multiple separate repos just in case we would want to opensource one day seems like sever premature optimization. From what I see, XMPP is "message delivery" while matrix is " eventually consistent global db with pubsub semantics" The difference becomes relevant when you have multiple or offline devices. XMPP may not deliver messages to some of the devices (for example, if message carbons are not supported by client). Matrix will not drop messages -- it may take some time, but eventually all devices will see all the messages. > it is done using a new system call named procfd_signal(). This system call operates on a file descriptor of a process; the previous discussions convinced Brauner that this is a solution preferred over an ioctl(). This is quite a pity! I do a lot of Python and Bash programming, and regular file write will be simple and easily supported. ioctl would require some magic constants and arch dependence, but would still be relatively safe - there are no dangerous ioctl operators you can do on a open /proc directory entry, and ioctl has sane error reporting. the "new syscall" path is the worst of them all -- I am literally two characters away from invoking all sorts of dangerous commands like "kill all processes", "shutdown machine" and so on. > The problem with an ioctl is that ioctls are not namespaced and so a buggy userspace program might end up being tricked into killing a process (if the ioctl overlaps). I am not sure what is the threat model here -- it If we have a buggy userspace program which can be tricked into opening arbitrary files by an un-authorized user, it is already game over. What you do after is irrelevant -- the writes would damage the system, reads would leak info. The fact that they won't be able to kill processes does not help much if they could overwrite /sbin/init instead. As Tycho Andersen said in [0], "It seems completely theoretical to me." > ioctl also doesn't have exceptionally sane error reporting, especially when we're comparing it to syscalls. I could be wrong here, but I thought that most ioctl's do not generally cause the program to crash, they just fail with meaningful error code. On the other hand, syscalls will cause the process to segfault. >> I am literally two characters away from invoking all sorts of dangerous commands like "kill all processes", "shutdown machine" and so on. > Can you explain what you mean? Sure, let's say this goes in, and I want to use it ASAP. Libc takes ages to update, so I have no wrappers. I am using Python. What are my options? Option 1: File f = open('/proc/%d/kill' % pid, 'w') ... f.write("9") f.close() What kind of mistakes I can make? I can mistype '/proc/%d/kill' format string, I can write() the wrong thing. What is the worst that could happen? I will get nice exception (like "File not found" during open or "Invalid operation") during close. In the the worst case, I write to "/proc/%d/mem" and damage the process instead, but this not very likely -- this typo is easy to spot. And it will only affect the process I want killed anyway. Summary: Please give me that option! Option 2: ioctl PSKILLCTL = (0x80046A01 if sys.bits == 32 else 0x80046E01) f = open('/proc/%d' % pid, 'w') ... fcntl.ioctl(f, PSKILLCTL, 9) f.close() What kind of mistakes I can make? I can get the constant value wrong, I can get ioctl args wrong (maybe it needs pointer to integer) What is the worst that could happen? ioctl will succeed but will do the wrong thing, i.e. not kill the process. Luckily, there are very few ioctls which /proc/%d supports, and none of them will have permanent effect. Yeah, maybe this will switch to non-blocking mode or we will get aio enabled on the handle -- who cares, we will close it right away. Summary: meh, finding ioctl codes are annoying with all the macros but I can live with this. Option 3: syscall __NR_KILL_VIA_PID = (382 if sys.bits == 32 else 731) libc = ctypes.CDLL(None) f = open('/proc/%d' % pid, 'w') ... libc.syscall(__NR_KILL_VIA_PID, f.fileno(), 9) f.close() What kind of mistakes I can make? I can get the constant value wrong, I can get syscall args wrong (maybe it needs a struct) What is the worst that could happen? I reboot machine (sys_shutdown). I kill all processes on this tty (sys_vhangup). I mess up my entire process in a subtle way (sys_vfork, sys_modify_ldt). I break many other processes on the machine (sys_sethostname). Summary: I really want to make sure I get this right. I feel this is like shaving with straight edge -- don't make mistakes. Hopefully, I have explained my point. Note that this is from POV of python programmer -- I know that from the C land, it all looks different. But if we have Python-only packages, or a shell scripts, adding a new C program is a significant burden. Could you elaborate why do you think writing to procfile will be worse? Especially if we already have writable /proc/%d/mem. [0] https://lwn.net/ml/linux-kernel/20181119223954.GA4992@cisco/ I was looking forward for Ken Shriiff-style charger reviews ([0], [1]) and was disappointed to find out this is just pictures, with almost no analysis. FWIW, from the photos, it looks like the charger is not very bad from safety perspective -- there is a wide, healthy space between high and low side. (unless there is a diagonal trace in the "The back of the PCB" photo, between high and low voltage sides.. but it is so absurd if true, I think it is just a camera artifact) [0] http://www.righto.com/2012/03/inside-cheap-phone-charger-and... [1] http://www.righto.com/2012/10/a-dozen-usb-chargers-in-lab-ap... eh? this is not a 50Hz /60Hz transformer, for two reasons: (1) Low-frequency transformers rated for 18 watts are way bigger than this (2) There is a nice big picture of INN3265C ("Flyback Switcher IC") So there is no way one could connect the connector directly to the transformer. Controller datasheet shows the frequency of 30 KHz to 100 KHz, depending on the load. Sure, it is not 1MHz, but I think high voltage, high frequency MOSFETs might be too expensive for just 18W design. ... It's great when you can lose lots of money by spilling soda on your computer?* *more money than this computer's price > NATs break end to end. This might be acceptable in a HTTP(s) only world though. I was always curious about this argument -- do you mean that NAT elimination will allow any two arbitrary devices to communicate with each other? I would think that even in IPv6 world, the firewalls would still be a necessity. Most ISP would continue shipping routers with stateful firewall enabled by default (to prevent internet exploits), so any peer-to-peer software would still have to deal with UPnP/STUN/TURN. Sure, the STUN protocol will be simplified a bit because it would not need to worry about IP changing, but it would still be way more complex than just a simple connect() call. Note that the situation maybe better in some cases -- like for India or for cell phone networks -- but there would still be enough people behind the firewall to make arbitrary incoming connections unreliable. Related: the privacy extensions seem to be a pretty bad idea. I have no idea how would I set up a firewall to say "allow incoming traffic to my main laptop, port 22222" if it's IP address always changes. Ideas like "disable privacy extensions" and "filter by MAC" have their own significant downsides. This, BTW, is a great example why many filesystems are case sensitive -- ignoring case requires collation support, and this can change all the time. Treating filenames as opaque byte strings, on the other hand, makes the filesystems, databases and so on Always Work. Of course, PostgreSQL is one the few programs which actually cares about collation and case-insensitivity, so it has to work the hard way. page not found At least for Debian, technical committee (elected by the community) could not choose between systemd and upstart [0], so systemd was the final winner. There was overwhelming desire that sysvinit should go. And when this question was brought to general election, community decided it did not care: [1] So I am not sure who those "important people" were, why do you feel they did not represent you, and what would community choose, in your opinion. I, having worked with upstart, can say it is worse than systemd. [0] https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=727708#672... [1] https://www.debian.org/vote/2014/vote_003#outcome Are you saying that entire TC of Debian was intimidated by Poettering? And then later, in general election, he forced majority of votes to say "we are fine with systemd"? [0] I find this highly unlikely. Here is my take: people were tired with "sysvinit". Of all alternatives, systemd sucked less. So they went with it. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=18874100 I am not sure what you are getting at. "systemd" deb package does contain lots of binaries, 73 in my case: dpkg -L systemd | xargs stat -c '%F %A %n' | grep file.*rwx | wc -l 73 Each binary does one thing. So for example /lib/systemd/systemd, the PID 1 process, only starts processes, nothing else. Now, some people complain that "systemd" package contain other binaries, like systemd-networkd, or systemd-journal-gatewayd (the HTTP server). I don't understand their problems. Sure, it is annoying that "systemd" package contains network manager -- but you don't have to use it; in fact, I am not using it at all. So I do not see the irony. I think 73 binaries, each optional, easily replaceable, and doing only one thing, is very much inline to microservices philosophy. Re "how easy is it to replace each of these with an independent third-party implementation" What did you have in mind when you were talking about hard-to-replace implementation? I find the replacing all those components to be pretty easy. Those things are all loaded via regular unit files, and they need just one symlink to be completely disabled. In particular, systemd-networkd is entirely optional, and ifupdown is still supported in ubuntu (even if not installed by default). systemd-timesyncd is a regular service, and can be disabled directly, or via timedatectl. ntpdate still works when it is disabled. Many other services, like systemd-hostnamed, do not even run by default. You could disabled them by default and things would still work. The worst offender is probably systemd-logind, but luckily I did not have to deal with it. Looks like it only needed for GUI logins, not ssh one -- so most sysadmins would not have to care. That said, I did try to use it's predecessor, ConsoleKit, and it was pretty horrible as well. I made a typo in lighttpd's config once. sysvinit init script, which used start-stop-daemon, would report success, but would not start the server at all. There was no error messages, nothing in the system log. Systemd logs all process output by default, so things like this cannot happen at all. Just for that, I'd choose it over sysvinit any time. For me, "decoupling" means running separate processes with well-defined interfaces. Systemd does exactly that -- it has many separate processes, each with well-defined interfaces. For example, systemd-timesyncd can be run on any machine with dbus, and does not require systemd init at all. The only "merging" systemd does is that it puts multiple binaries into one package, other than that they are completely separate. While it is annoying waste of space, there is no reason to suspect "coupling". I am going to guess that process required a tty for some reason, and the systemd unit file did not specify StandardOutput=tty nor did he wrap the invocation in `unbuffer` program I am going to guess you did not start the apache via systemd? This is actually a feature: systemd only manages processes it has started. So if you started apache via /etc/init.d, you should restart it via /etc/init.d as well. (note that the opposite is not true: many /etc/init.d scripts stop process by killing everything with this process name -- no matter if it is the right process, or user-specific one, or one managed by some other supervisor) > Except for the journal. It is effectively required by systemd (the pid 1 binary). In the vast majority of cases, that means running systemd-journald. man systemd ... --log-target= Set log target. Argument must be one of console, journal, kmsg, journal-or-kmsg, null. you can log to kmsg -- the messages won't be lost. > Every attempt I have seen at operating without it either misses early logs or is extremely fragile/unsupported. I am not surprised -- this was one of many annoying parts of sysvinit, the missing early userspace logs. This was one of the many annoying parts. Gentoo used to have a hacky way that scraped screen buffer (!) but I think it broke at some point[1]. > That is incorrect. It also interacts with the journal, the component implicated in the exploit in the article. Fair enough, I oversimplified. It also interacts with udev, systemctl, and does cronjob handling and network interface renaming. [1] I just checked Gentoo's website now and looks like they have a better way now due to OpenRC. Can you be more specific, please? Like which interface is not well defined? I find the fact that systemd internals are connected via the same mechanisms as non-systemd apps (units, sockets and so on) very nice, especially compared to sysvinit or upstart. Have you tried to patch network detection in upstart? Not an easy job. And upstart's manpages are less than useful, compared to systemd's. Above in the other threads someone said "journal". This is a good point, except there is --log-target=kmsg option which disables that interface and switches it to good old kmsg which anyone can parse and read. Any others? because it is factually incorrect? The system is not "serverless", it is just the opposite -- it is a "personal server", an application you have to run. To quote the primer, > Most people park their ship in the cloud. If you prefer to host yourself, your ship can live on a laptop, a phone, even a USB stick. (yes, "park your ship" means "store and run your file" in urbit) Or even better: find an old ethernet switch, gut it (but keep the connectors) and put Raspberry PI inside. You will need to solder 6 wires for ethernet and power, but the pins are fairly large so this should be easy. Even if discovered, most people would not bother taking it apart --- they'll just assume it is broken and throw it away. TL/DR: Docker runs "Play with docker" service, and they did not block insmod there, nor did they block access to the boot disk. Wow! To quote the author: > The reason is quite simple: PWD uses a privileged container This is such an obvious failure that I wonder how it could even get into production. > So let's say someone doesn't have any experience traversing trees (why would they? you rarely have to, if ever). [...] You're presenting them with a new problem and expecting them to come up with the most efficient/concise solution to that problem. I did the some of those interviews (not specifically with BFS, but with similar problems) and my answer to that is: Nope, I do not care about "most efficient/concise solution to that problem". I just need some evidence that you are trying to solve this problem. I am here to help them -- after all, for the interview to be useful, I need to see your work. So I'd formulate the problem (if the person forgot what those 3 letters mean), draw a diagram if candidate is having difficulty, give increasing hints for the solution ('How would you do it manually? Which node would you visit first? What about next one?' and so on...) Even then, a surprising number of people would just give up. It is kinda weird -- it looks like when they hear some words they just think "OH NO THIS IS DIFFICULT" and stop even trying. Those get rejected. We have often have difficult problems. If you stop at one thought of algorithms, you get 0%. And if you have not memorized what BFS was, and I had to draw a diagram of the tree and trace the path, and give you a hint about maybe using some sort of queue for unprocessed problems and you did not even finish the solution at the end -- you'd still get 80% and might very well get an offer. I do, every time! I even drew a little diagram a couple of times and traced the path! And they still failed it! It is not about trivia or what BFS is, it is all about can you reason about algorithms. (Disclaimer: our actual interview problem is slightly different, but it it still a very basic CS one) Huh, what's terrible about it? BFS is exactly what I'd want. Let's make up a synthetic problem, like "the closest friend which has property X". Then you'd first check all of your direct friends for X, then check friends-of-friends for X, then check friends-of-friends-of-friends for X, and so on. You'd go on forever until you either find a friend with property X, or run out of time/space. This is the classic BFS problem, and I can see how it would make a good interview question. Have you been on the other side -- too optimistic interview? You know, your had great-sounding candidate, had nice, non-technical interview, and hired them. Then the person could not really pull their share. They did a few simple PRs, it all looks good. You gave them the more complex task, and they just could not make it to work. After teaching them basic CS concepts for a while, you give up, and try to move them to backend -- and they do not do better there. Then to do data analysis -- no luck. You really do not want to fire them, but this seems the only way forward. The resulting experience is painful and time-consuming for the team. You wasted many weeks trying to teach that person and nothing good came out of it. You promise that in the future, your interviews would always contain technical questions, and no one who does not know about big-O complexity would be hired. But this question does not really tell me anything. It only has one possible answer, which is "Yes!" If I had a magic truth-detecting wand, it might be a good one, but in practice, candidates may be lying or honestly overestimating their ability. To quote the page, > it operates breadth-first, rather than depth-first. This means if you have a directory structure like ./linux/{the entire Linux kernel source tree} ./target > there's a good chance find gets bogged down looking through the Linux kernel sources before it finds the file you're looking for, target. bfs, on the other hand, will return it either first or second. Agree re "depends a lot on specific question", but the problem you specified still sounds very much like BFS, especially "shortest path" part. My assumption for the Facebook graph would be that there is basically no way we can traverse it all, so your only hope is to find the path without expanding all the nodes. DFS will not work for that at all, but both BFS and IDFS may give you practical results. This leaves the question of BFS vs IDFS, and that depends heavily on the details of the problem. For example, if the graph is already in RAM, then IDFS would be the best. But if the graph is not already in RAM, and you have to fetch it (from database or remote API), you'd definitely want the caching between successful IDFS rounds. And if you do that, then you might as well do BFS -- approximately the same memory performance, and much easier code. As for usage, while BFS itself is not used this much, it's more advanced versions, Dijkstra and A*, are used all the time in graph traversals. For example, in many computer games, navigation apps and robotics planners. (And back to original topic: if we had conversation like this during the interview, then you would likely get good score from me, even if I was fully convinced that BFS is the only way to go. After all, I am not testing for the specific bot of trivia -- I am testing for the ability to reason about algorithms) Well, if at least one person reads the discussion, and then starts inventing the algorithms instead of giving up right away, I'd be happy :) Because someone saying "How would I know? If, and when, I need to know how tree-shaking is implemented, I will go look it up." makes me sad. The tree-shaking algorithm was not given to us by ancient gods. As a programmer, you job it is to solve problems no one has solved before. Interviewing may be indeed broken, but the original article was not showing any evidence of this. I think you are making a wrong analogy here. A "threat model" in security is like a "user operation" for the feature. So in the non-security bug world, the exchange would look like: Bug report: the program is missing blue circle in the top right corner. Please add is ASAP. Developer response: what would possibly be the use of this feature? Please tell me of I will close the bug. > I don't know who is right hm.. we have one of the software authors and a random by-stander arguing about the code? I know who I would bet on. (Note that if it were a political question, then yes, opinions of any random bystander are potentially as valuable as software authors'. But it is not. I need to see a specific evidence before trusting random strangers) No, this is not the case, as many other people in the thread said. I don't think it is possible to separate language from tools or community. Those things are always together. It is entirely possible that Javascript itself is an OK language, but it is too late now. The community has already decided that packages should be tiny, that changing prototype of "array" object is an acceptable thing to do, that failing fast is bad and the best reaction to errors is to mess up the page layout in the unexpected way, and so on. Maybe one day, Javascript will re-invent itself and get reliable software engineering practices. But I highly doubt that -- there are countless people who know the laguage already, and they are not going to be changing their opinions overnight. Shepherd is quite scary outside of GUIX. It basically runs package-supplied code in PID 1, with no protection. A badly written init script will halt startup completely and render system unbootable. GUIX (I believe) has this "choose previous version from GRUB" dialog, so you can recover from bad init script by rolling back the whole thing. Any other OS will require manual fixes, and this is going to be quite a pain. The link says: > This relies on the theory that startups goal is to grow a 100 times or die — so small continuous extractions by the executives are ruled out. I interpret it as following: if the regular company earns $1 million/year, then an executive stealing $500k/year by making deals with friends will make investor's return much smaller. But in a startup, it does not matter -- if the it fails, it would simply fail slightly earlier. And if it succeeds, then it would earn $100 million/year, and $500k/year that executive steals will be a small, insignificant change. (I am not personally convinced this is true, but this is how I interpreted that article) You forgot -Wall. Also, does this enable C++11? And don’t forget to set that NDEBUG macro. All the things above is still a 2 line Makefile. And it is intuitive, too - you jusy copy your command-line g++ invocation and paste into Makefile. I don’t think I ever saw (GNU)make version problems. Most Makefiles I have seen in the wild were using pretty basic features. On the other hand, trying to get Kitware’s stuff to compile was a real horror. I ended up adding Docker to the project just to get the right CMake version. And debugging the buildsystem was hell. I hope I never have to touch CMake again in my life. If it was only that simple.. there are packages out there which require specific older version of cmake. So sometimes you have to downgrade, too. Because they provide security for the users. With paypal, I can buy from any random sellers, and know that in the worst case, I am risking just a purchase amount. Security is hard, and even if someone makes great products, that does not mean they are great programmers. For a small or a medium store, I always assume that their website will be hacked and entire database will be stolen (it is really sad how often this happens). Entering credit card directly just means more problems for me down the line. This means some sort of trusted checkout service. Stripe has no extra security, so this leaves Paypal or Google Checkout. I think the latter has died (I have not seen it for a while), so this leaves Paypal. All Stripe checkouts that I have seen so far are embedded into seller's website. I do not care where the form submits to or how does backend looks -- as long as address bar shows merchant's website address, the form could be fake or scrapped via evil javascript. This makes Stripe significantly less secure than Paypal. (I've heard that Stripe can do checkouts on it's own domain, but I haven't seen it on a real website) And as for 3D Secure -- it has no benefit for customer, just an extra password to remember. I am not sure why banks waste time implemeting it, when other systems (like real-time notification of charges on my cell phone) would be significantly more useful. How do you live without Google (or another general purpose search engine)? I have lots of random questions all the time - “how is cheese made”, “how to restore scroll by middle click”, “what is the good hosted dashboard for ~10 points/sec” - and I cannot imagine finding the answers without a search engine. If you get rid of "merkle tree" requirement, then you have just described database files hosted on github. It does plenty of advantages -- it scales good and if done right, it is immune to hacking or site going down. But it has some disadvantages as well -- the biggest is that client needs to do non-trivial, complex work, so you cannot just insert AJAX call onto your webpage. Also, you lose all control of data, so a competitor can trivially clone your service. I don't get it -- what is the business model? It looks like you are just expecting people to spend significant fractions of their time to get some altcoin which no one needs? I have seen plenty of un-realistic cryptcurrency startups before, but this one is probably the worst one. Presumably to see how attentive to details the candidates are? I have worked with some people would would promise things and the immediately forget that they did so. This was extremely irritating. There are also people who never bother with conversation context when sending emails. Asking for a trivial thing which needs to be done after interview shows the response to both of those questions. Will candidate forget this completely? Will they send an email with no subject or body and just an attachment alone? It's a pity there is not a real answer. At least with subway construction, it would be very interesting to see the breakdown costs for Portland vs London (for example). How is having every single daemon implement setuid, chroot, logging, privilege dropping and so on "unix way"? Right now, every biggish daemon has to implement the same old logic in a slightly different way. How many logging systems and files do you know? I am totally looking for more programs to use systemd's socket activation. This is the true Unix way -- a server should do only one thing (serve), and not worry about logging, uids, and other system peculiarities. (yeah, we could do it with daemontools as well.. but no one did the hard job of converting thousands of packages to daemontools) moderators: can you add [2016] to the title? https://web.archive.org/web/20160308042800/https://skarnet.o... I am not sure who said that systemd was just an init system. While the very first blog post did call it so, it is certainly not described as such now: Package: systemd Description-en: system and service manager "systemd is a suite of basic building blocks for a Linux system. It provides a system and service manager that runs as PID 1" (from https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/ ) In any case, Linux is not systemd yet. You still have Arch and Gentoo at least. You will miss out the latest security features, but presumably you would not want to do this anyway. oops, my bad. I've seen some people write, "I don't care about systemd, I am running arch" and made a bad assumption If I am reading this right, it looks like you are agreeing with me? We both think that centralized service managers are good, and are consistent with Unix way; and having each daemon implement chroot and logging manually is bad. Re "nosh": this looks pretty good. I like that it can read systemd's unit files as well -- this means it provides a feasible systemd alternative for those who don't like systemd, but are not ready to rewrite all service files manually. Interesting tidbit: Free Pascal, used by Lazarus, has no garbage collector nor automatic destructors for dynamic memory. This makes it one of the few modern languages where you have to manually free all child pointers (like in C). Maybe they were simulating some sort of messaging server, or a shared cache, or something else which does not translate well to multiple process model? Sweet! The docs say "since version 3.1.1", and the latest release seems to be 3.0.4, so I guess this has not been released yet? Do you think that the changes help with simpler algorithms -- like in StringHashList [0], where destructor specifically calls Dispose on each array element, and then deletes the array storage itself? [0] https://github.com/graemeg/lazarus/blob/95d183bacd5f895d3e6c... Consider updating color schema, the gray code is unreadable on ipad > 2. Nevod matches MULTIPLE patterns against document in ONE PASS. Patters/expressions are indexed by state machine and filtered effectively during matching. Regexps do that too. Specifically, there is a whole class of "lexers"/"tokenizers" which are regexp-based, and which specialize in matching 1000's of patterns against the text, in one pass. (You can kinda approximate it in regular regexp by doing multiple rules at once, each in it's own group, and seeing which groups are non-empty, like in "(rule1)|(rule2)|(rule3)" and so on. If your regexp library is good, it will match this in time independent from number of rules. But real lexers will have nicer syntax) Um.. no? He is seeing pushback because one of his main claims (100x faster) is very likely factually wrong. And also because he is not even acknowledging all other prior art in this space. It depends greatly on how your server-side works. For example, if you are on AWS, you can use KMS. If you run Kubernetes or Docker Swarm, they have their own secret storage systems. In the very small teams, you can do something as simple as Google Doc or Last Pass shared notes, and install the keys manually as needed. In this case, your code would be looking for secrets at a pre-defined location, like ~/.your-company-name/secrets, and secrets would me manually copied there. This article does not mention the name, but it looks it refers to Project Xanadu's "transclusions". Those "transclusions" are quotations with two-way links -- so if you copy a paragraph from one page to another, the text origin is preserved, and both "source" and "destination" pages would show the link. For example, if you are reading Shakespeare's play, then for each paragraph you will be able to see all studies which quote that paragraph; and if you are reading such a study and click on a quote, you will get to the full text of a play. There is more details in Project Xanadu documents, such as this one: http://www.xanadu.com.au/ted/XUsurvey/xuDation.html The Project Xanadu design makes some interesting technical decisions to support this model -- basically, the whole world is one big centralized database; documents can be updated, but old versions are immutable (therefore links do not break); and all editing happens in Xanadu software which keeps track of copy/paste metadata. > Outsourcing software development – among many other advantages – lets you control the budget. What? (checks domain name) Ah, I see.. they are just promoting themselves. The sample video they have on website pays $0.36 for 1 minute video. This translates to a rate of $21/hour. This is not bad, but may not bring the target audience they want, especially if they are pitching to investors, programmers, and other people with relatively high salaries. The second problem is cheating. They do claim “Keep your eyes on the screen. HypeHop watches you watching it.”, but presumably a secondary computer or tablet will trivially bypass this, and let one get the money without watching the video. It's a pity all we have is a video. I would love to see high-res pictures and real blog. It is interesting that "open" part of openrsync refers to license -- BSD, vs original rsync's GPL It's not often I see "open" to mean "non-GPL" in software :) I'd strongly prefer that my ATM had no start menu, file picker, online help system, interactive parts of update system, or any of the thousands of other UI apps which could be exploited via touchscreen if accidentally activated. Singlularity would be cool, but I'd prefer smaller footprint to begin with. Obsessed much? This has no mentions of Rust anywhere. Given it's Microsoft, they are probably thinking about .net. Impressive! But reading the queries like below: > Person: IS THERE ANYTHING WHICH IS BIGGER THAN EVERY PYRAMID BUT IS NOT AS WIDE AS THE THING THAT SUPPORTS IT? > Computer: YES, THE BLUE BLOCK. ... makes me want to add some punctuation / variable definitions there. Natural human language is really not the best for expressing conplex multilevel relationships. The math-like notation would make that more readable and less error prone. Cheap things. For example, Q-tips are $3 per box which lasts a us couple of years. If the price doubles (or triples for that matter), I'd still be buying that. The chances are, your home router will still have default-deny inbound firewall even in IPv6 world. So you will need to either configure router to open the firewall, or use a solution like this. Which pretty much like current situation -- you need to either configure router to make a NAT mapping, or use a solution like this one. > Oh, sure, he mentioned the Debian developer resignations, but outright failed to point out the reason why they resigned: systemd was being railroaded into the system as a political move rather than being judged on its technical merits. No. Ian resigned because he tried to ignore systemd's technical merits and tried to used political moves (GR process) to to kill it. As a result, most of Debian's community told him to top messing around with politics. Ian's resignation letter [1] explicitly says that: > I should step aside to try to reduce the extent to which conversations about the project's governance are personalised. [...] > The majority of the project have voted to say that it was wrong of me to bring this GR at this time. [1] https://lwn.net/Articles/621895/ Please stop saying systemd was being railroaded. I have no idea what was going on in Redhat (I do not follow their mailing lists), but at least in Debian, it got on its own technical merits, and Poettering had no special influence there. (That is not to say it is without problems; there are plenty of them. Still, the lesser of evils...) If amazon's own RDS is that bad, can a startup (or MariaDB itself) help? Hopefully one can offer "optimized/certified" MariaDB instances -- by buying regular EC2 machines and then installing and managing the database on them. The price of db.r5.xlarge is $0.48/hr vs regular r5.xlarge of $0.25/hour, so people are obviously willing to pay for the managed solution. Some classes of comments are pretty had to replace with self-explanatory code: historical, design decisions and negative things. // This code uses FOO because when it was originally written, we expected to process millions of items, so fast random access time was important. This is no longer the case -- feel free to refactor to use BAR instead. // Do not refactor this code to use BAR! While this will make the function shorter, the result will have O(n^3) complexity, and this function may get millions of input items in some cases. Previous discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11729499 A comment I very much agree with: > radarsat1 on May 19, 2016 [-] > It's not even pedantic, it's just wrong. He's ignoring years of neuroscience. > We know that the brain uses signals, and that these signals are composed of codes. We know that to interpret the world, certain information processing must take place. We are learning more about the exact nature of this processing, more about how neurons and even other fundamentals of the body code information and contribute to processing (e.g. chemical processes), but they definitely process information. We even know some of the codes. > On the other hand, if the author wants to argue about the nature of what is information, what is processing.. he's going to have a steep hill to climb. The big question about using those Docker containers is security. Based on past CVE history for nginx, there might be another CVE in 1-2 years. Will this git repo still be updated then? Will the user remember to pull latest version and regenerate latest image? Official "nginx:alpine" image maintained by nginx team is 17MB. If you can, you should always use it. And you should subscribe to some sort of mailing list so you know when it is time to upgrade all of your servers. (An alternative is to skip docker and use good old Ubuntu LTS with automatic updates; this will guarantee timely and fully automatic security updates for the next few years. The downside is that if the system will have an exploit, the attacker will often find it much easier to stay in the system and move to other parts of the network) Where did you hear this from? When I google search for this phrase, I only see your Hacker News comments. The cryptocurrencies only remain as secure as your PC (or hardware wallet) is. And those things are only secure because they have the right software/firmware installed on them. And the reason you know you have the right firmware is because you trust the manufactures to put the right one in, and trust store/postal service not to tamper with it. Once you are in the domain of "Anonymous $1 cards which people swap with each other", you no longer have this option. The obvious thing is to have corresponding entry in online database, but then anyone who wants to verify the card value will have to access this database -- so your privacy disappears. I am not saying that it's impossible -- people are smart, something can likely be figured out -- but it is not obvious to me those cards can be made harder to forge than cash. But much fewer places have valuables compared to cash. Most of the food and service places have nothing worth stealing -- but often carry lots of cash. (or at least used to, some of them since moved to credit-card only [1]) There are other crime-reducing forces as well -- smart car keys which are harder to steal, activation lock on the phones which prevent reselling, and so on. I do wonder how crime would adopt to future cashless society. I think most of the mugging and pickpocketing will go away. Will this mean increase of burglary? Or will the criminals start doing something else? [1] https://www.cloverfoodlab.com/2015/04/23/credit-trucks/ I don't see how this will work, unless every country does this, or your currency becomes non-convertible. And even then, you would still be able to buy stocks, expensive jewelry, gold, houses and so on. You can load Android apps from microsd card, or via USB cable with ADB. No central server required, just a single file, like in the old times. I've read CALLG/CALLS VAX example, and became curious -- why waste microcode for two types of function calls, isn't that hard? Isn't "initalizing a temporary structure" expensive? I found the nice explanation [0] and apparently no, it was pretty simple. - A parameter list is a series of words in adjacent memory cells. The AP register points to the first of these. The first word holds a COUNT of the number of parameters. The remaining words hold the individual parameters. - CALLG copies passed address to AP register. It must contain parameter list in the right format. - CALLS simply pushes the parameter (argument count) to the stack. Since the stack grows toward low addresses, the stack ends up with exactly right sequence of words to represent a parameter list! So the instruction just copies stack pointer to AP, and calls the function. It also sets a special flag to pop values from stack on return. This is a very neat approach -- with a bit more than a extra push, VAX got a nice instruction to optimize common case of function calls. Unfortunately, this approach would not work with modern CPUs. In modern PCs, memory accesses are much slower that register accesses, so first few parameters are passed in registers. Calling function with multiple parameters is very different from calling it with one struct. [0] http://www.math-cs.gordon.edu/courses/cs222/lectures/procedu... I liked the "explode all clocks" lever, which puts 73 PSI of pressure into the lines designed for just 10 PSI. > Note that there is a provision for connecting the high pressure air directly to the low-pressure reservoir, by means of valve f. Why you would want to do this I do not know, because as mentioned above I would have thought it would have caused all the clocks to explode. So I was wondering, how do you do two-way sync with inheritly one-way tool like rsync? And turns out you cannot do it, not reliably. The way script works, it runs change monitor on both sides; if there is a change on local side, it will do local->remote sync; if there is a change on remote side, it will do remote->local sync. This can go wrong in many, many ways. Here is the first example that came to my mind: you started a process on remote machine which creates lots of small files -- maybe extracting an archive, or generating images. So the syncer keeps syncing those files in remote->local direction. Meanwhile, you got bored watching the script and decided to edit some code. POOF! Any edits you make are continuously reverted. Oh, and there is no error checking anywhere. Did your network had a hickup? Tough, we will march on anyway. Let's it was not in lines 101 or 104 -- if these commands have transient failures, then your newly made changes would just get reverted. If you care about your data, please do not use this. Use anything else -- syncthing, osync, unison were named in this thread, they are all good. Well, I like "unison" -- it is a well designed, two way sync app. I personally run it in "-auto" mode -- every time I run the program, it shows me all actions it wants to do, any conflicts it detected, and asks me if I want to proceed. If you want to run live mode, you can just run: unison -ui text -repeat 5 . ssh://remote-host/dir it will check for changes every 5 seconds, sync over any changes, and skip all the conflicts. You'll have to re-run it without -repeat option to resolve the conflicts. For picky versions, there is nice `addversionno = true` option, which will let you have multiple unison versions installed simultaneously. It will always pick the right one. I agree with slowness -- I feel the recent versions are pretty fast on Linux, but it can be faster. Also it's "scan, then transfer" approach means it can take lots of memory if there is a lot of files. Still, if you can your rsync in your application, use it. For automated backups, you cannot beat it. But unison has two unique advantages: - Proper two way sync -- doing it safely with rsync is almost impossible. - GUI/TUI which shows what changed and allows conflict resolution. - GUI which shows But you still have --delete there, and -u won't affect it. So if you create a local file, it will be deleted (it might stay if by chance it was created during second rsync, but this is not guaranteed). And the same deletion applies to network errors -- if ssh fails, then newly created files would get deleted. That said, I agree that -u options does makes it less likely that files get overwritten. This option approach a some caveats, however -- archive extraction will mess the modification time, symlinks and directories are not handled properly. Still, regular IDE editing will work. Still not sure how is it better than unison though :) Locking is not needed as long as you have conflict detection. It might be a bit annoying, depending on UI, but at least it won't result in data loss. (Note that local locking can be helpful to prevent simulatenous modifications by editor and sync tool; but unfortunately Linux ecosystem is not designed with such locking in mind) Unison's UX has options? I did not know. I recommend treating unison like you do rsync -- read the manpage, configure it with config files and shell wrappers. If you run it with "-ui text -auto", then it will print the list of changes, and ask: "do you want to proceed (y/n)", which is not that confusing. Treat it as mostly text-based syncer with UI as an extra bonus, and it will be much less confusing. No of course. Have you seen how github wikis work? Their backend is anoth git repo, with markdown files. Very nice for backups and change detection. Same method can be appplied to configuration. Separate repo with json files or something. The "inside" part is slightly wrong, the payload is outside of the try/except clause: while True: try: number = next(iter_object) except StopIteration: break sum += number You can check this by throwing StopIteration inside the loop, and watching it propagate outside normally. I did, once, when I was at school. It was great - everything was so fast to type, the program (a somewhat complex game) would fit in on two screens. I almost finished it in a week. And the I had exams, and did not touch the computer for two weeks. When I came back, I forgot it all. Cx? Dzy? Those names were meaningless. This was a very importantly lesson - programs must be maintaineable. Unless you want to spend your entire life working on a single piece of software, you want to be able to context switch, and do it quickly. Is that the only thing that makes you raise your eyebrow? :) I think the good rule of thumb is to have longer names in bigger scopes. So a variable for short loop or an argument to 1 line function can be single char, while arguments to medium length functions are a word, and globals (including functions) are one or multiple words. To get to your example, the preferred signature would be: square:{x*x} Maybe I didn’t read this carefully enough, but how exactly do you legalize a gang? I thought at least in US, there is no “being in a gang” charge. A random news search shows people who were called “gang members” but arrested for charges like illegal gun possession [0]. So how do we decriminalize that? [0] https://www.kxii.com/content/news/Irish-Mob-gang-member-arre... I don’t get it. The post author is clearly very excited, but the process itself is very boring: each work has a serial number. A company verifies serial number on request, as well as maintains owner contact details and handles the ownership transfers. This is exactly how most ownership systems work - replace “di faced tenner” with “license plate”, and you will get a vehicle registry. This is for Jupyter Notebook. For the cases when you start with huge dataset, and want to generate dozens graphs and tables on the screen, each changeable interactively without data reload. And leave python interpreter running, so you can run more code if you have more questions. Oh, and do all the hard work on the cloud machine with hundred of gigs of RAM, while displaying the data on your laptop over slow internet link. I have tried to implement those things by hand (intermediate state, HTML generation, shotgun plotting, pdb interaction), and it is a major pain. Notebooks work great in this situation. There are some downsides -- like inability to ask filenames from user -- but those could be easily bypassed, as this article shows (my solution will be a user-created symlink btw, not an ini file) Have you read the paper, especially their study design?(p11/302 is a good summary, also last 5 pages for actual instructions). They have sample size of 10 people, and they specifically choose a very basic workflow. This study design is a real problem -- even after I have read the paper, I am not convinced that I should be using gitless. Their graph looks science-y, but the small sample size and non-representative experiment design means the conclusion do not apply to my work. Reading this paper is reading a DB benchmark which only used rows with two integer fields in all their tests. Sure, it is interesting reading, but unless your workflow is exactly that, it is useless in real life. (Disclaimer: it is entirely possible that gitless is better than git in all workflows, not just the one described in the paper. But even if it is the case, I would not know about it, at least not from the gitless site.) this is not user serviceability -- have you noticed phrase like > supporting system maintenance and repair performed by an IBM customer engineer Even today, if you are a service engineer servicing expensive piece of equipment, you have some amazing tools. I know an engineer from NetApp for example, and he has most amazing debugging stories, like debugging customers' systems live to find out where the latency spikes come from. The main difference from IBM era is that in the old times, customer could watch the blinkenlights, and now it is all hidden under password-protected accounts. This article is .. weird. It mentions SOCKS5, DynamicForwarding and "decent version of nc", while you don't need anything at all for forwarding connection -- SOCKS is not involved in any way, and initial 1995 release of nc would work just fine. Here is a much better explanation (from [0]): > ProxyJump was added in OpenSSH 7.3 but is nothing more than a shorthand for using ProxyCommand, as in: "ProxyCommand ssh proxy-host -W %h:%p" so the same thing that top poster was talking about. [0] https://superuser.com/questions/1253960/replace-proxyjump-in... In traditional torrents, the files are concatenated and only then divided into chunks. So if I take a existing torrent and add a single 16-byte file to the beginning, there is a good chance it will have no common hashes between new and old one. Update: There is apparently "bittorrent V2" protocol [1][2], which allows file sharing. It is still not implemented in major clients, like libtorrent[3] [1] http://bittorrent.org/beps/bep_0052.html [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14951728 [3] https://github.com/arvidn/libtorrent/issues/2197 Does Swarm’s closeness with the Ethereum means it will be unsuitable for any tasks which do not rely on financial incentives? For example, if in the future debian is moved to IPFS, then many organizations are likely run local IPFS servers with Debian repos pinned. But if debian is moved to Swarm, I do not think that many organizations will be incentivized - the money are insignificant in the total spending, while engineering effort and organizational overhead (finance) is likely to be very big. Because from what I understand, Swarm requires Ethereum and a constant money flow. And the monthly amount of money is hard to predict. In many places I worked at, anything money related has huge overhead from finance department, and something more complex than “$X/mo” will require an immense amount of coordination and permissions. Um.. no? Those are DNSSEC keys, so they do not really matter. AFAIK, no one is using DANE yet, so what’s the worst that someone with access to those keys do? Modify unencrypted traffic? Cause DOS attacks? This can be done without the keys already I highly doubt it. We’d still have a dispute process and law mandated domain transfers, so there would need to be a centralized regulator. The transparency is nice, but you do not need full blockchain for this - something like SSL’s Certificate Transparency would work much better. There is a second way to look at DNS: together with CA system, it proves the website identity. When an email sends me to payment page, I look at address to confirm: yep, it says “hsbc.com”, I can enter my financial details there. Or: It says “ubuntu.com”, I can download software from there. For that to work, there needs to be a single registry, with human mediators and subject to legal process. I want to know that even if company loses control of their private key (like microsoft.com did once), the sitation will still be resolved very fast. Note that strictly speaking, this is about CA system, not about DNS. But those systems are deeply linked to each other, so it makes no sense to replace one while keeping the other one around. This was because of base::Unretained, which extracts raw C style pointers out of nice, safe C++ wrappers. Unfortunately, this is still a requirement in the advanced C++ software. I wish there was a nice way to remove a need for such things, like a weak pointer that work with unique_ptr, but I do not think it is possible to do this while preserving zero overhead implementation. The only practical solution I can think of is a shared_ptr-like object limited to have unique_ptr semantics. This will have overhead, but it could be worth it for the security gains. Re "digital-imprimatur" text -- I am sorry, I could not get through it. The first part of it seems to be boring explanation of basic internet concepts; the second part seems to be full of wild predictions which do not seem to be coming true (I have been hearing about personal certificates for the web since passport.com introduction in 1999) Re proving to X that you are Y: there is a well known difference between authentication vs authorization that is easy to overlook. In case of domain names, "authentication" roughly means "same entity owns the name", and "authorization" means "I know something about the entity". Having readable domain names is critical to linking things to the real world. For example: - I wrote my email on (paper) new patient form. Doctor now can send me messages and know they will get to me and not someone else. - I was visiting my favorite food store and saw a sign saying "Visit www.LATastyMarket.com for coupons". I can now go to that site and expect to get to the right store. - My friend told me that Ubuntu is a well known organization and does not distribute malware. I can go to ubuntu.com and download software from that site. In all of those cases, I do not care about "Claims by Z to find out facts about Y". The collection of facts about ubuntu.com is useless to me (unless it says "it is that thing you were talking with your friend about yesterday during lunch"). I need an identity -- short string which I can remember and recognize again. If there is a mechanism which prevents typos for high value targets, this is even better. > When you lose control of a private key for your stuff [...] you can have eg Shamir Secret Sharing with 5 other people. You could have part of a backup key derived from a known passphrase or biometrics. Yes I could, but why would I do this? I have seen (and designed) a security process for my work. It is a complex process, with separated servers, restricted privileges, detailed logs, automated alerting. It takes a significant amount of stuff to maintain. I could do the same for my home computer, but it is significant amount of work and time, and I have more interesting ways to spend my time. A human has a limited amount of time in their life. While I can bake my own bread (for example), I buy it from the bakery instead, and spend my time on more interesting things. Same is with security -- I do not want to mess with Shamir Secret Sharing, I am happy to delegate it to someone else. (And do not say "it is easy" or "it just needs a good UI". Storing secrets is inherently hard, and any easy solution is likely insecure) I hope not, I like having readable file formats. When my SymbianOS phone started dying, I found out that there is no way to bulk-export all of my notes -- only way was exporting them one-by-one via laggy user interface. I subsequently spent lots of time analyzing backup file format, and then analyzing notes file format, and then finally extracting the text portions of the notes. Modern apps often use standard libraries for serialization [0], so it is much easier to get to your data back. But persistent virtual memory? We will be back to Symbian world again, but this time, you won't have to reverse engineer unknown on-disk format -- you will have to reverse engineer unknown object model, and chase the pointers to reassemble the data from the tiny pieces. [0] https://jvns.ca/blog/2018/03/31/reverse-engineering-notabili... https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=16726189 One of the big selling point of "persistent virtual memory" is that you do not need to serialize things to file at all: [0] > Phantom doesn't have files. Well, there are no files in the sense that a developer opens a file handle, writes to it, and closes the file handle. From the user's perspective, things still look familiar – a desktop, directories, and file icons. But a file in Phantom is simply an object whose state is persisted. You don't have to explicitly open it. As long as your program has some kind of reference to that object, all you need to do is call methods on it, and the data is there as you would expect. So in today's OSes, your editor may store data in the complex structure (ropes? ArrayList of Strings? b-tree?), but when saving, it serializes data to the nice format, using capnproto, json, xml, RIFF or something similar. In Phantom, there is no "save" step. If your editor stores text as a list of extents pointing into set of global buffers which contain strings in UCS-4 representation, this is whats gets written to disk, with pointers, vtables and all. Phantom OS magic ensures that pointers and vtables can be restored later. This is nice for application developer (less code), but very bad for third party trying to extract the data -- you either have to run the program and ask it nicely; or reverse engineer the class structure of the program. [0] https://www.theregister.co.uk/2009/02/03/phantom_russian_os/ So delegate this all to a few large blacklists (spamhaus)? And block all residential users by default? It's MSDS is surprisinfly boring. With a name like "superacid", I expected some sort of exotic storage requirements or high volatility; but what I found was just a regular poisonous/irritating compound. From your link: > The cheaters relied on a superuser account named “Auditmonster2,” that would observe tables and was able to see everyone player’s hole cards. So.. the game was played exactly by the rules, and the full visibility would not have helped. After all, it was purely info exposure. But you may say: in blockchain, we'd design special cryptosystem that will ensure other players do know know cards too early, as well as a verify that game is played according to the rules My answer would be that if you have designed such a cryptosystem, you don't need blockchain anymore! Keep existing infrastructure, but apply encryption and verification at each client. After all, you do not care about world consensus for your poker game -- you just care about consensus between players. You will get all the advantages of centralized solution (high speed, very scaleable, low device requirements, easy upgrades), and server won't be able to rig the games. I think the point is to allow google to block more. Before, Google could not block too much because it would break legitimate apps. Now that those apps are officially not allowed, Google can keep locking down their login systems. The links never go bad because you should never delete data. Also old versions are kept forever. Presumably by replicating extensively? How this was supposed to work in 1960 tech (and storage prices), I have no idea. Xanadu is full of missing pieces like this one. There is a reason it never took off. Maybe with the new checkout, which seems to use dedicated domain. If I remember right, the older checkouts were hosted on vendor's website -- and you would not know if the cc info really goes to stripe only, or if vendor grabs a copy as well. I disagree. With all downsides of electron, it does not generally re-layout and re-render entire screen on any mouse move. IMGUI does. So while Electron will lose in memory/disk used, IMGUI will lose in CPU usage (battery life) once the software is complex enough. > Electron (and nearly all retained mode GUIs) will execute 10x more code trying not to execute the rendering code. Just skipping all that checking and jumping to the rendering code is arguably a win in many many cases. How do you figure? Rendering a single Truetype letter will have dozens of conditional branches, use complex floating point math, and touch tens of kilobytes of cache. And there are many thousands of them in the GUI. Even if you have rendered cache, there is still lots of memory pressure copying data back and forth. Compared to that, retained mode GUIs should be much more efficient. Even 50 checks are nothing compared to ability to void rendering one line. Note this is all predicated on screen being mostly unchanging. For example, as I am typing this comment, everything is stationary except for a single line where I am typing. > The screen is already going to be re-rendered. This is the key! As you said, if you have to re-render whole screen anyway, then retained mode GUIs will have to maintain draw state and re-render every element every time anyway -- a strictly worse performance. But most of the regular apps, like editors and chat clients and web browsers, do not re-render whole screen every time. They only do one thing at a time. For an empirical evidence, look at WinAPI design: this is a retained mode GUI, with lots of effort dedicated to figuring out invalidated rectangles and which controls need to be rendered. This was the only way to make a GUI which is performant enough. If there are no other people who can maintain that stack, maybe (firing is too extreme, I’d just ban the Clojure code in the production) Writing initial version of the code is only a small part of it. Maintaining and enhancing it is much harder. What is the company going to do if the new endpoint went down and the author is on vacation? I am not sure why you think it is "management responded" -- it is all about other people on the team. Right now, I am responsible for maintaining one of our internal services. If someone tries to rewrite part of it in Clojure without extensive internal discussion first, I'll do all I can to stop it (and I am not "management" at all). And most people on the team will agree with me. If the original dev would not want to stick around after that, good for them. If they do not care about teammates at all, they would likely be happier working alone anyway. After all, single-handedly moving to a new technology and then forcing everyone else on the team to support it is impolite and annoying. Clojure is nice, but I don't want to be forced to learn it because the server went down on my shift. (this is different if the service does not need to be up all the time, or the company is very small. But if you are talking about API endpoint being overloaded, the chances are, neither of this is true) Air tools are fine -- after the car left mechanic's garage, I cannot tell if air, electric or manual tools are used. But if I give my car to mechanic for carb cleaning and tune-up, and get it back with fuel injection system and explanation "it is better anyway", I would be very unhappy. It is like torrent, so you need to have a seeder node all the time - it is called “pinning” in IPFS. There is a number of services, the price seems to be around $0.3/(gb*month) This is an discussion topic, and this text provides a viewpoint. However, from how I read it, the "current paradigm" is imperative languages like C/C++, and "next paradigm programming language" is Datalog (this word occurs 31 times on 9 pages of text). What is missing are functional and descriptive languages. No explicit loops? "heavily leverage parallelism, yet completely hide it"? lazy evaluation? This sound like functional languages. "Example: An Interactive Graphical Application." describes HTML+CSS exactly. I understand author really loves Datalog, but omission of other languages makes the message less effective. How is this different from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Counting_sort ? Another fast way to search for text in binary files is to use "grep -abo" (treat all files as text / print matches only / print file offsets). To me, "should happen automatically" means "program will take care of this, specify this option only when you suspect it is broken or non-optimal" .. which is what original doc says > .. allow an unauthenticated, remote attacker to connect to the affected system with the privileges of the root user. > The vulnerability is due to the presence of a default SSH key pair that is present in all devices. That's quite a bug -- I expected to see obscure exploit deep in the networking code which masterfully bypasses all code hardening, but found a default credentials instead. This is the kind of mistake that a random IoT company would do, I would not expect this from Cisco. Why? They try to keep all information secret, especially the one that make USSR looks bad. For example, they denied existence of Level 6 nuclear accident for 30 years [0]. If the nuclear accident which had 10,000 people evacuated was suppressed and denied for 30 years, why would you trust them to publish any negative information about military computer? [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mayak#Kyshtym_disaster It looks to me like this was an attempt to make XFS look better? The author probably looks at the things from "the reliability is #1, and the rest is secondary" standpoint, so they are having a hard time coming with pro-XFS arguments. > The only people who say "Btrfs is dead" are those who don't use it. Please do not put your words in other people's mouths. There are many people who did try btrfs and lost their data. And it was not because they did not read the docs or used flaky hardware -- for example, our org lost the data after the sudden power failure. Maybe this was our fault, be we switched to XFS on the very same hardware and did not lose any more data, despite having more power failures. If your point is to have people use btrfs, you are not helping it by saying things like "it is user's fault every time". Nor does it help to dismiss people's experiences as FUD. Acknowledging its limitations, and saying "yes, it was bad, but as of 20XX it got much better" would be much more effective. From [0]: "The registry is a list of recognised issuers with their certificate store addresses. Certificates from these issuers can be recognised and verified by our viewer." This does not look very de-centralized to me at all. In fact, the traditional methods (X.509-signed documents) are actually more decentralized -- at least you have an option of multiple CAs, instead of the single CA OpenCerts has. [0] https://opencerts.io/registry/ I think the primary goal there was to demo Pharo Smalltalk and/or PharoPDS library. Note how there were many examples of the code which show how to use PharoPDS, but do not explain how bloom filters work. Here is an actual source for the filter: [0], and here is a GUI code which draws the grid: [1] I am pleasantly surprised -- some Smalltalks used to be incomprehensible in github; but looks like Pharo gets this right and produces human-readable files. [0] https://github.com/osoco/PharoPDS/blob/master/src/PDS-Core/P... [1] https://github.com/osoco/PharoPDS/blob/master/src/PDS-Playgr... The one thing missing there is role of ethics in Atlassian products. Are they the best they could be? Is JIRA used to force people into overworking and bad work-life balance? Re Lambda, I think the closest analogy is renting unfurnished office. When our company moved into next office, it had bare walls with old ugly wallpaper. We paid for the new wallpaper, carpet, interior walls, wiring, etc... And we also kept paying the rent to the building owner, and were at their mercy when they eventually decided to stop renting out that space. Even then, this made perfect sense for business. All-new construction would have been way longer and more expensive, even taking limited lease time in the account. Why would software equivalent of this (Lambda) be different? Eh, I think your misunderstood this. There are still no alternatives to SSH. And if you want to expose something to an open internet, SSH is way better than telnet and rcp. In particular, rsync command that they are talking about is still using SSH as an underlying transport. I applaud the decision to get rid of Jenkins. The way Jenkins works, with each plugin being able to implement arbitrary endpoint, it is almost inevitable that it would have many security vulnerabilities. No Jenkins masters should be exposed to the internet, ever -- and if there is really no other way, then set up a proxy in front of it with strict whitelist of allowed URLs. > No, we can’t root iOS devices reliably (rarely at all), but in exchange, non-technical users gain control over their device to a degree that rootable devices make impossible. Can you elaborate on that? I read up on Apple's configuration profiles and they sound like Android's device administrators -- which can be easily removed from Settings -> Security -> Device Administrators [0] [0] https://www.redmondpie.com/how-to-check-for-hidden-device-ad... It means it cannot be secretly "rooted by someone close to you", or any one else for that matter. If you grab your phone one day, and it is completely wiped, you will notice this right away. At this point, you can investigate -- this can be as simple as looking at screen during the boot; or non-trivial key combo, as Samsung requires [0]. If indicator shows non-tripped, you can be sure the phone is not rooted. I agree that this is more complex than Apple, but in practice, it never happens -- I had a few phones slowly fail on me, and they never spontaneously self-wiped. So if your non-technical relative wants to get Android phone, just tell them: "Phone suddenly forgetting every single account is VERY BAD and a sign of EVIL HACKERS. If this happens, call me right right away from a landline, do not use this phone at all". And they will be as secure as if they had Apple. [0] https://support.samsungknox.com/hc/en-us/articles/1150135620... This laptop: 16GB RAM max, AMD Ryzen™ 7 PRO 3700U (Passmark 8897, 1862/thread [1]) Thinkpad X1 carbon 2017 model: 16GB RAM max, Intel Core i7-7600U 2.80GHz (Passmark 8301, 2141/thread [2]) Those laptops are not identical, and I am sure that each of them has its own best use case. I am not trying to say that the new laptop is bad, I just want to lament the fact that the CPU speed no longer grows. My C++ programs take way too long to compile! [1] https://www.cpubenchmark.net/cpu.php?cpu=AMD+Ryzen+7+PRO+270... [2] https://www.cpubenchmark.net/cpu.php?cpu=Intel+Core+i7-8550U... from mosh.org > Mosh doesn't listen on network ports or authenticate users. The mosh client logs in to the server via SSH, and users present the same credentials (e.g., password, public key) as before. There are lots of functions in the modern cellphone. I am sure they are checked on the factory (or by parts manufacturer), and I don't think people who refurbish phones test them all. Examples I can think of: - Microphone and button on your 3.5mm jack - Both Bluetooth data rates - Every special function of MicroUSB connector (like MHT and whatever else you might have there) - Second microphone (used for noise cancellation) - Low-light camera performance - Flash memory spare cells - Thermal stability (does it overheat?) - Battery capacity - Every frequency band works I can believe that manufacturer-refurbished phones are probably tested fairly comprehensively -- after all, the same people designed the original testing procedures. But would an unrelated store do a comprehensive cell phone test? Or are they just going to turn the phone on, make sure that the screen looks fine, make a single call (in the nice, quiet office not far from the cell phone tower) and call it done? Somehow I suspect the latter. They are doing that already. What do you think "most relevant" means -- it means "the link that most people want to click on". Now, if I am looking at the google new results, and I see results from bbc.co.uk and "Random Guy's News Site", which one am I going to click? I'd choose bbc.co.uk every time. So they will be marked as "relevant" and will rise to the top, while "Random Guy's News Site" will be marked irrelevant and fall to the bottom of the list where no one will ever see it. I am not sure I can tell the difference between 'The Burlington Vermont Times' and some random news aggregator which decided to filter on location. And there are individual blogs which have higher quality / better reporting than some regional newspapers. Should those be included as well? Which ones? Once you start making decisions like these, you are quickly getting into controversial territory. So I can see why Google prefers to abstain and say "it's all users, not our fault!" > This is so self-evidently true that I find it hard to understand how anyone could deny it, but modern architects and hangers-on such as architectural journalists do deny it, like war criminals who, for ­obvious reasons, continue to deny their crimes in the face of overwhelming evidence. That's a very convincing argument right in the second paragraph. It is not fully carbon free, yes; but compared to fossil fuels, it practically is. I'd say "great replacement for blockchain technology" (in some applications) Eh? TOTP usually expire in 60 seconds, so in most cases even if you accidentally leak it, it will be safe. (and you are not likely to leak it anyway -- with something that changes that often, you are not going to have an incentive to write it to files) I disagree, I believe TOTP belongs firmly in the "something you have" category. You cannot memorize TOTP password, nor you can store in your password manager. You also cannot pass that knowledge to another person. So this is more like a public key than a password. Ultimately, everything is "permanent, unchangeable secret", including private key and biometric data. Where the data is stored and how is it accessed makes all the difference. I could not find the original definition of "something you have", but modern standards like PCI actually give OTP auth as an example of "something you have" (p. 4 of [1]) (I am not looking at the degenerate case of running TOTP app on the same device / same security domain -- it does not describe most cases, and there are some fairly straightforward technical measures to defeat this) [1] https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/pdfs/Multi-Factor-Authe... And this is why people use Paypal, as opposed to entering credit card directly, even if website claims it only goes to Stripe. (I think Stripe has recently launched checkouts on stripe domain, but it is optional, and I bet many websites would ignore it for “better UX”) Yes, but I put it into category of "unsafe things that defeat the point of mechanism" For example, you can put your spare house key under doormat. This effectively makes a lock on your house door require "something you know" (you need to know where the key is stored). However, that does not mean that we can say that all keys are "something you know". The fact that many people decided to compromise their security does not reflect on other intended use of locks and keys. Sorry, "none of these things are true" in your environment. They are certainly true for other people, in fact, I bet they are true for majority of them. I think analogy to physical house keys is very helpful. What did your work do? Did you show the enrollment QR code, and multiple people scanned it --> this is like duplicating house key. Did you put the key into password manager -> this is like that combination lockbox that releases house key if you enter the right combination. People do all sorts of unusual things, this does not change the properties of intended usage. There is a big difference between TOTP app/device and a password manager. The password manager returns passwords directly. They can be viewed, memorized, passed to another person, copied to another device, or checked into git. With TOTP, there is a private key inside, but it is not accessible to user. You cannot view it, or memorize it, nor can you pass it to another person or check it into git. It is purely implementation detail which is not exposed in any way. Disclaimer: this is the case with classical TOTP devices, like RSA SecurID hardware token, or un-rooted Android phone running Google Authenticator. I have those, and everyone I know have them as well. There are exceptions, like people using LastPass 2FA or people who store TOTP secret on their PC. This is not intended usage, and it does not matter for most users. Interesting, this sounds very much like SUID binaries in Unixes. People want them, but there are so many things to worry about -- LD_PRELOAD, PATH, untrusted input, file open races. I am surprised that postgres is still vulnerable to to those things. I'd think it is natural that those scripts should ignore "search path", just like Perl requires user-specified PATH in the taint mode, or how Linux SUID binaries ignore LD_PRELOAD variable. > The yarn used is a 100% machine washable acrylic in black and white. Ships with source code, namely the command line one-liner that generated the image that is knit into the scarf. I never expected to read this for any of the clothing I wear! Well, they say that they did not invent it, they have just implemented it as defined in ISO/IEC 9075:2016 standard [0] It is entirely possible that ISO design is based of Goessner’s work, but unfortunately it is just history at this point. Unfortunately this is what standardization often does - the work becomes attributed to organization, and individual authors are forgotten. [0] https://modern-sql.com/blog/2017-06/whats-new-in-sql-2016 There are large parts of XPath which are XML specific, like attributes or namespaces or node names (JSON’s arrays of arrays have neither). I am sure with enough effort one could use Xpath for generic JSON queries, but this will require non-obvious redesign of the language. No, windows are not duplicated. Yes, two apps control the same windows. Yes, this answer is the same as underlying stack. That solution is very obivious once you realize it is exactly the same as what happens with the terminal and network connections. For example, after forking, both processes are still attached to the same terminal (what else can they do? It’s not like they can make new terminals - what if it was an ssh connection). They better agree who gets to read/write, or user will get confused - in shell, the parent voluntarily stops accesing terminal until the child is done. Carrieng extra weight in my backpack and remembering to charge it all the time sounds pretty annoying. Why would someone do this, compared to using a remote computer? Maybe a home server, if they really hate cloud? > The day that 20% of consumers put a price tag on privacy, freemium is over and privacy is back. It's ironic coming from person with @gmail.com email. Fastmail's service is $5/month, but they chose the free one which harvests their data instead. If even the privacy advocates are not using their own advice, I doubt freemium is going to be over anytime soon. Is it really dangerous to log into compromised machines, though? I think unless one does something stupid like SSH agent forwarding or using shared passwords, it should be safe even if machine is totally compromised. If you fetch a remote binary or script to your dev machine and run it, your dev machine could be compromised -- but I am not sure why would anyone want to do this. If you specify X forwarding, then anyone can own you. But you should not have any X apps on the remote server to begin with. If you are transferring files, then vulnerabilities in rsync/rcp could get you. But those would have to be on the client side, your desktop machine -- and hopefully this machine is well patched. If you are using IP filters / the machine is on LAN, then yes, it could be bad. But in this case, the machine was on the public network. There was old bug with "get window title" putting stuff into input buffer, but it was fixed years ago. Don't get me wrong, I think you do want to keep the machines up to date, and one should always enable unattended updates. But I also believe in defense-in-depth, so if one is "managing more critical pieces of infrastructure", they should always assume the remote machine they are managing is compromised, and always take precautions. I suppose you are talking about "Assistance and Access Bill"? I don't see how this relates to this discussion, which is about your email provider using your email text for commercial profits. That said, if you prefer US government to Australian government, I am sure there are also privacy-preserving email providers in US as well. And there is also Swiss Protonmail, outside of both US and UK jurisdictionm, but it is more expensive. > I'd use a mobile-sized computer with no radios, just ethernet, USB (for a keyboard) and HDMI (monitor). sounds exactly like Raspberry PI? (or any of the 100's of other cheap SBCs) Well, full text search is really power hungry. Once you have few gigs of email, your phone's local full text engine is going to get too slow. This is a good reason to keep email on the remote server. That said, your personal communication will be stored on the servers encrypted if you use encrypted chat like Whatsapp or Telegram. I am not sure why you had to use cloud server when sending files over LAN. I've uploaded videos directly to iOS over ftp server, and Android has tons of apps to sync data back and forth, all locally. I am not sure why your TODO list needs a central server -- Simplenote does not require login, and it totally happy to keep everything locally. There are integrated note apps as well. So to summarize: everything is there already. But people prefer to choose a simple solution and use cloud-based service, instead of doing a little bit of work and creating "machines which can function as islands" Unfortunately Shannon–Hartley theorem is very harsh on mesh networks. 900MHz in US is 902-928 MHz, 26 MHz wide channel. The usual SNR ratio range is 0-40 dB. This corresponds to total bandwith over entire band of 26 to 172 Mbit/sec -- depending on the range. Let's be generous and say 100 Mbit/sec. You are not going to get any sort of beanforming from the mobile pocket-held device, so your collision domain is going to be everyone around you. Say you are in the park, and there are 24 people around you, and you are all routing packets for each other, so each packet is transmitted twice before leaving the collision domain. In this case, single person's ideal, best case bandwith is 2 Mbit/sec. In practice, you are not going to get anywhere close to 100% efficiency, so I'd expect internet speeds significantly less that 1 Mbit/sec. This is going to be very painful. Btw, "OFF SWITCH" is fundamentally incompatible with IPFS. If you serve your website from IPFS, the first visitor will get the full copy and start serving it. You can toggle your switch as much as you want, this won't have any effect. It's funny that Facebook is much better at giving control to user than email. At least in Facebook, you can delete post. And once you send email, there is no way to retract it. It's important to remember that consumer-facing apps is just a part of the market; and even with consumer-facing apps, the user interface is often only a small part of it. Even totally plain-looking device could be full of innovative research: a network router which uses completely new kernel. A new network protocol or a compression algorithm. New programming language. Automatic verification and/or fuzzing tools. A network of internet of things devices which share no code with any of the existing OSs. Every time I read about posts written by C++ programmers praising CMake, I feel a bit sad. > in CMake, typically when you Find(MyLib), the variables ${MyLib_INCLUDE_DIRS} and ${MyLib_LIBRARIES} get defined > In CMake, an undefined variable (e.g., foo_INCLUDEDIRS instead of foo_INCLUDE_DIRS) becomes an empty string. In C++ land, this can be translated as: there is a global, std::map g_globals. A function Find(std::string libname) returns the result by updating keys in g_globals corresponding to name + magic strings. Oh, and people usually don’t call .exists On that dict, they just use the variables and hope there are no typos. In any C++ library, this kind of interface would be called: “this is completely wrong design, let’s avoid it like a plague. It should be all typed functions, with classes and optional results. But then the same people just accept it in CMake! The sad part, there are no clearly better alternatives. I used SCons before, and I am using Bazel now. They have nice type systems, avoid globals and generally much cleaner. But SCons is slow and underdocumented, and Bazel lacks automatic dependencies and reliable distributed caching. As a result, I cannot honestly say, “drop CMake, use XXXX, it is so much better” IMHO, C++ badly needs a better build system based on sane principles. It’s all git, so you can totally do all the development in gitlab, and only touch github when you are ready to make a pull request. You’d have to run half a dozen commands, including adding new remote and running “hub fork”, but it would likely still be faster than sending an email. > The efforts of the CAB Forum to instil some level of additional trust in the system appear to be about as effective as sticking one’s fingers into a leaking dam. The number of trusted CAs has extended conventional credibility well beyond the normal boundaries and has pushed the unsuspecting user into a fragile state of credulity. > Efforts to improve this mess, such as Extended Validation (EV) certificates, have gained no traction with users, as they are largely immune to subtle changes in the content and colours of the browser’s navigation bars, and certificate transparency logs appear to be completely ineffective in catching CA-related name hijack events in real time. That’s a pretty extreme opinion. I am surprised it appeared on official apnic.net site. I do wonder if it has anything to do with the fact that most major browsers, who actually decide who get to be CA, are US based. Project Oberon, which illustrates that you can create a full interactive OS with rather small amont of code... if you ignore most of the things that we consider essential today, like structs and constants. https://inf.ethz.ch/personal/wirth/ProjectOberon/Sources/Ker... Ouch, that website is annoying and makes my eyes hurt The question is why are you rebuilding your local machine OS to begin with. If your machine failed, you restore from backup, you don’t rebuild. If you are upgrading OS, you’ll want to carefully review all the changes you do. There is a lot of churn in desktop linuxes, and that hack you did five years ago to get your mouse to work is likely no longer necessary. You may want to keep notes in text format about what you did, but each step is still manual. If you need to install suspicious software which bypasses your package manager and cannot be uninstalled easily, you don’t risk your primary machine, you do it in VM to begin with. Your selected config files that you have carried with you over the years, like .bashrc and .emacs, should be in some sort of source control anyway. The projects you are working on should have dependency install instructions - config for your package manager, and install_deps.sh script for your C/C++ stuff. With all this, I do not see much point for Ansible playbooks. Why would you miss them? They are not gone. For some reason, I am still getting a yellow pages book every year (it goes straight to recycle), and there still maps in my car, just in case everyone’s phones die while at the trip. Are you still getting yellow pages? What do you do with them? > if you went to a party and sat in a corner reading a book, it was usually....odd Yes, because why would you go to the party for that? I have spent plenty of time in thne 90s skipping the super boring parties. Are compromised CAs worse than other software bugs though? Yes, we have too many CAs, and some of them are pretty suspicious. It would be great to be able to give them TLD limits. But becoming a CA is still very slow and expensive, and certificate transparency will catch bad behavior. So there is a very strong incentive for each CA to be good. Compare this to random server exploit, which is deployed anonymously and has no direct monetary harm to the maker company. No wonder there has been very few cases of CA-based compromise compared to good old software exploits. I trust that the first time those would try to do something bad, CT will catch them, and in a few weeks, they will no longer be trusted. Entering this list costs hundreds thousands of dollars, an attack using a different channel is going to be more economical. The big difference is that in DANE, they get to MITM forever. And in current world, the MITM will be discovered and country’s registrars disabled pretty quickly. Let’s Encrypt participates in CT, so no, they won’t. This will be discovered, and (I guess) they will revoke the cert really quickly Sure, Oberon-the-language has structs and constants, but Oberon-the-OS does not not use them consistently. Take a look at this code from memory allocator (from link in my GP comments): ELSE GetBlock128(q); SYSTEM.PUT(q+64, 64); SYSTEM.PUT(q+68, -1); SYSTEM.PUT(q+72, list2); what do you think will happen if someone proposes this code into libc or Linux kernel? What kind of feedback would this receive today? Isn't it kinda pointless because it will only work once per "enemy"? Sure, the first time it will waste a bunch of their time, but the second email will just get the same canned response. I suppose you could make it a bit worse by asking to see the information collected - then simple copy-paste will be insufficient, they will have to run a script as well. Yes, but the balance of power is in the favor of the company. You can have thousands of people send GDPR requests. Each person will take at least half an hour to print, compose, wrap and send letter. And someone at the company will take under a minute to reply to each one, because all they'd need to do is a quick scan of the letter, then send a pre-printed response. I don't understand why would anyone choose this over official Javascript documentation. You sure about that? One of the problems with cryptominers is they make your machine slow when there are lots of tabs open. Great Suspender works great against cryptomineers. Sounds like email might not be the best medium for them. Every email client sanitizes email a bit differently, and images are often omitted, so I cannot imaging how anything but the most basic layouts can work. It still perplexes me that people believe that Uber needed to convince anyone about Taxi mafia. The taxis in US are amazingly backwards -- for example, there were no online tracking, no pre-defined fares, and no online ordering. I remember having to use "car services" just because the taxis were so unpleasant. > Mercury is designed, first and foremost, to be an experience inclusive of people with limited executive function and cognitive load. People living with ASD, ADHD, and other neurological differences who are frequently overwhelmed by the flood of sensory information we have all come to expect in conventional operating systems. There are always implied assumptions, like assuming that there are no bugs in the kernel drivers themselves, and assuming that memory is not damaged. Saying "we cannot achieve anything because there might be firmware bugs" is technically true, but completely counter-productive. Adding "A little bit better or worse is not that big of a deal" is just bad engineering -- can you imagine doctor saying, "you might get hit by a car at any time, so I decided it is not worth it to heal you"? > There is a whole field of Visual Programming Languages or VPLs, and there were literally hundreds of languages developed over the last 60 years. > By every single metric, modern programming languages landscape is 100% dominated by textual programming languages with zero exceptions. > Why is it so? Text is clearly not the best way to represent everything, and all those bright minds working on the visual programming languages were clearly onto something. This section reads weird -- I'd think that after seeing 60 years worth of failing visual programming attempts, one would accept that maybe text _is_ clearly the best way to represent programs. How can one say that text is "clearly not the best" in fact of such overwhelming evidence? I think the general idea of the using blockchain in long-lived IoT devices seems pretty dangerous. In the last 3 years, Ethereum had hard-forked twice already. A hypothetical IoT device made 3 years ago would not work again, if it were relying on the blockchain. At the same time, TLS 1.1 is 13 years old, and is still supported by all the modern software libraries. Make a TLS certificate with 25 years lifetime, hardcode its fingerprint into your app, and you'd have nice, simple and much more reliable timesync service. This will not be decentralized, but it does not matter -- your IoT device has a trusted server anyway, this is the server that gives it the firmware updates. Since you fully trust this server, you might as well use if for time and make your life much easier. I don't get it. Why does an author consider those equivalent: > IRC has never really provided strong moderation tools as its largely antithetical to the beliefs of the platform. The intent is always that people can change and grow, this is why you can connect with no identity. and > Its almost a requirement for permitting certain kinds of personal growth to allow someone to completely throw away their old identity, and to allow this to happen without anyone actually knowing its happened. You can have identity, moderation and at the same time allow throwing away old identities. Case in point: HN. I have my identity, and I can also discard it at any moment. > Think how many PDP-11's are around today. Why does it matter how many physical machines are alive? There are tons of emulators around. There is even one in Javascript, with an ability to load disk images as well. The hard part is hardware - the drives go bad, the computers fail. But disks grow, and it is getting simpler and cheaper to store lots of data. As long as you keep copying the files to modern media every 10 years or so, you should no longer have anybdata loss. (The only exception is proprietary data formats which cannot be opened except by original program which cannot be run in VM easily. Those should be avoided at all costs) Are you saying it would be easier to implement xz from mathematical documentation than from computer program? I don't think so. I tried (multiple times) to implement algorithms from "mathematical documentation" in academic papers, and it is usually very bad, there are always missing parts. If I had a choice, I'd choose ALGOL-58 over human-language description anytime. There are languages which achieve critical mass and stay, and languages which don't, and disappear. RPG is still around, and IBM still sells it on their cloud. But the language is highly proprietary, so don't expect a cheap access to it. ALGOL-58 is one of the languages which died; but ALGOL-68 is in the current debian repos, and would take under 30 seconds to install. FLOW-MATIC has died, but COBOL is around and again, easily installable. I think you are underestimating how much legacy software there is. For example, Fortran 77 is still actively used, and there are programs written in it every day. There is immense amount of programs written in C89. The support for those languages is likely to stay forever. In general, I think this topic is very interesting. Imagine 1000 years have passed, and all the computers are running YEAR3000 architecture which is incompatible with all the software we have today. Archeologists discover a treasure trove of texts and binary files from 21th century internet. They know ASCII and English, but nothing else. What can they do? The answer is surprisingly simple: (1) Write an emulator for an simple CPU, like an ARMv5. Here is a good one: https://dmitry.gr/?r=05.Projects&proj=07.%20Linux%20on%208bi... You'd need to manually port this code to whatever language you are using now. But this should be doable -- the software has 6000 lines of very straightforward C89 code. It does not use any OS services, nor does it rely on UB or complex language features. (2) Use it to boot Linux (the image is included in that webpage). This allows you to run Ubuntu from 2009 on your YEAR3000 architecture. (3) If your archive contains repository snapshot from 2009 to your machine. You can now install and run all the 20th century software on your YEAR3000 computers. Congrats! (4) The only thing missing is graphics support. Just run x11vnc (included in the Jaunty repo) over serial port (included in dmitry.gr's emulator). VNC protocol is simple and well specified. ... and that's how I'd bootstrap 20th century computing on 30th century infrastructure. Sure, it will take some effort, -- but this only needs to be done once, and running programs will be easy from there on. It's interesting that any time I read about Haskell, I realize most of the features can be found in other languages. Functional programming and lazy evaluation are common in Apache Spark ("analytics engine for large-scale data processing."). You cannot write a good pipeline if you think in terms of imperative language. Non-nullable types can be found in Java (@NonNull) and in C++ (references). C++17 got std::optional type. We have languages without inheritance, like Go, Rust and so on. Errors-as-values are pretty common as well (C++'s boost had boost::error code for a while now, and of course there is Go again) Even monads find themselves in other languages -- using org.apache.spark.rdd.RDD is pretty close to IO monad. I find this an unfortunate downside of many Haskell tutorials -- they often claim there are unique features that are present in Haskell only, but on the closer inspection, it turns out those features are present / can be trivially added in many other languages as well I think inability to include images it is actually a feature. As long as your body is a plain text, you can present it in a very wide variety of ways and styles. Once you allow formatting and inline images, you start moving towards HTML documents, and lose consumer's control over content. Does anyone know how this was done? Was it some sort of automatic AI system? Dedicated people watching update feeds 24/7? Random person noticing github commit and notifying npm? Uh, I cannot imagive why one would prefer this to a single “grep -o” invocation. Not only “grep” command will be simpler to understand later, it will also be trivially customizeable/extendable In this case, the BIOS'es contribution is fairly light: - video mode change (int 10h, ah=0) - RTC clock read (int 1ah, ah=0) - keyboard read (int 16h, ah=0 and ah=1) I am not familiar with Atari 2600 programming, but on the devices of that class: video mode change would be at most few outb's, or omitted altogether if multiple video modes are not supported "RTC clock" would be a loop waiting for VSYNC, likely less then a dozen operators keyboard/joystick will be a simple "inb" at the core. It may, however, require debouncing, making it the most complex ops. So in total, this game is amazingly light on the IBM BIOS services. In my estimation, porting it to BIOS-less 8080 system will only increase the size by 100 bytes at most. Change that "grep" to "sed", and you will get a solution that works even on ancient machines, like HP-UX from 1990's. Grab msys, and you'd have your solution for Window-based systems as well. At the same time, installing "flex" and "cc" on a random machine would be much harder. Old Solaris boxes, for example, come without any C compilers, not to mention lexers. And finally, what are you going to do with the results? It is very likely that you'd want to pass them through sed/grep anyway. So you will have to worry about differences in shells and versions anyway. So sorry, I see no advantages of this, just disadvantages. Of course no one cares if you run them yourself, but posting them for other people is just evil. Sure there is -- I use it for my personal projects (so no CFO's), for example for email sending and object storage. Sure, your own server is fine when you have unlimited time; but once you want to save time (CFO: to pay less salary; personal: to have more time in life for other things), AWS makes a great deal of sense. Don't work in such place then? Seriously, there are always good and bad places. In fact, when you said "two nines" -- this is like 15 minutes of downtime per day -- I immediately thought about one of my jobs (long time ago) which involved website running on Windows Server, using a mix of ASP and DLL files. It would routinely go down for tens of minutes each deployment because someone would update the DLLs in the wrong order. There was also using PHP with Apache. As a sysadmin, remember all those times when you had to hunt all the Apache-spawned processes and kill them by hand, so you can finally apply new configuration? Or when an .so file update made an app server not start, but that darned start-stop-daemon was silently eating both exit code and error message? It got much better in the sysadmin world -- it is now easy to do the sane things, and all that containerization means that if programmers do provide something insane, it is trivial to clean up the mess. Not really. Manna is about minimum wage workers suddenly losing all law’s protections and safety nets; and this article focuses on people like “founder of a holistic wellness-focused tech start-up in Los Angeles” I think most of the photo organizers offer this? I remember using digiKam back around 2006 or so, and it already had this feature. I think tags have limited scope. They are great for photos. They are OK for music, but strictly in addition to the main hierarchy. You could use them for text docs, but folders + full text search is much better. And file level tags are completely useless for code/programming Even if there are multiple routes, I still remember by location. What I remeber is "The forks are on the top left kitchen drawer" -- not "to get to the forks from the fridge, turn around and walk two steps to the right; and to get to the forks from the table, turn left, then walk around the cabinet" Agree, views, but not main organizing principle. For example, my music collection is big and diverse, and both "year sort" and "album sort" are kinda useless now, because there are actually multiple disjoint subsets. There is no point ever in showing me audiobooks for year 2010 and regular music for year 2010. I always only want a subset of it. This is what I meant "strictly in addition to main hierarchy" -- let me keep my folders, and maybe when I want to go deep enough, I want to browse by tag. But even then it would not be a hashtag-like tags that the original page refers to. Well, OS could certainly offer some support, like file change detection, but the main indexing is often too application specific. Photo albums wants to do face recognition. Music player wants BPM detection. Should those be done by OS? I do not think so. Get a child lock software and install it. Such software often has functions to limit websites to non-entertainment only. Depending on your willpower, you might have to set a very long, random password, write it on the paper, and store that password in a place you cannot get to fast. Past discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=14459537 I don't see how this is different? > If you abused the urgency, we had a way to track that, and let you know. So how is Slack different? You can still track the urgency and let the person know -- it is right there in the message. And if they really don't understand that @here is bad, then you can always disable @here on per-channel basis (I have this on a few channels, in fact) Why does a figure caption mention “pre-crypto internet” I don't think it runs Linux, there is tons of embedded OS's. It could be Nuclus, RIOS OS, or most likely, some sort of proprietary OS which was shipped with specific MCU they are using. OS writing is pretty simple, as long as you do not need a ton of device drivers and networking. There are over two dozen of them listed there: https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Embedded_Systems/Common_RTOS and that is not a complete list. What can one do with BA in psychology? The supply far outstrips demand, so there are plenty of candidates with MS or PhD degrees. There is no reason to hire BA candidates if there are more advanced degrees available. Did you know that Linux has this special note of “root reserved space” specifically for situations like this? And the same way, there is per-process “oom_adj” which can be used to control OOM killer priority, to spare the system processes. This problem has been solved, multiple times. Of course many distributions fail to mark appropriate processes as system, so they fail anyway, but this is just a bug, not an a glaring design omission. They do https://odzangba.wordpress.com/2010/02/20/how-to-free-reserv... > Is it better to make up common rsync “recipes” for people to use, or is it better to let folks have access to ALL of the flags [...] and pick’n’mix what they want? I think both. This is the hard part about GUI design -- it is pretty easy to make a list of 100 command-line options listed alphabetically on the man page, but for GUIs, people expect much more. There should be some sort of logical grouping. One area of the screen would be options related to what is transferred, a second area is metadata, the third one is speed-only optimizations, fourth is logging and so on. Having "hardlinks" all the way on the left and "symlinks" all the way on the right does not make a good GUI. There is a very wide variety of input elements, so checkboxes are are not the right solution all the time! For example, while having separate "--verbose" and "--quiet" options is fine for CLI, one would expect to see a drop-down or a slider in the GUI. This will decrease cognitive load because there are less things to read and there is no need to worry what happens if you check both. Another great GUI feature is dynamicity -- take the metadata for example. A good design might have a dropdown: "everything", "nothing", "x-bit only", "custom". Most of the time, first three options would be fine, but "custom" will show entire new group of checkboxes. ... this was just my subjective design, based on how I use the program. If I were trying to do a popular product, I'd have to spend some time asking people / looking at the forums to determine which sets of features do people use. For all that I know, there is a super common case for "--group" without "--owner", and this is just me not knowing about it. We have this in our GPU computations, this is very annoying. The errors are usually too small to matter, but they make comparing binary results / reproducible builds impossible. Here is an example I just made: $ python3 >>> s = [10**-x for x in range(16)] >>> s [1, 0.1, 0.01, 0.001, 0.0001, 1e-05, 1e-06, 1e-07, 1e-08, 1e-09, 1e-10, 1e-11, 1e-12, 1e-13, 1e-14, 1e-15] >>> sum(s) 1.1111111111111112 >>> sum(reversed(s)) 1.111111111111111 (it uses CPU for simplicity, but GPU has exactly the same math) This may be good for numerical simulation, but I doubt this will ever replace common ieee754 float in general purpose programs. Two problems I can see right away: - Sometimes, one needs precision for numbers not close to 1. A UNIX timestamp is a good example -- for the current date, it provides ~1uS resolution in 64-bit ieee754. I could not calculate what the resolution would be for posits, but I suspect much worse. - The lack of positive and negative infinites will break naive min/max calculations which start accumulator with +/-inf. Now, you might say that those things should not be done, and that software that uses those patters is defective. But even then, there is a lot of software like this, and so posits will never become a default "float" type. Do people actually use access time for anything? I occasionally do full-text searches on system files, and this resets access times on all files. Thus, I cannot imagine using a script which cares about it. Is POSIX relevant today? I'd think that overwhelming majority of the shell scripts would require either Linux or BSD dialects. And if one wanted to limit my shell scripts significantly, I'd limit myself to commands supported by busybox's "ash" shell -- this is a limited shell environment which is pretty widely used in initrd's and embedded devices. Yeah, timespec (or time_interval) is a proper way to go, but it is quite a pain to work with -- you need a library even if you just want to subtract the numbers. On the other hand, floating-point time is pretty common in scripting languages -- for example Python has time.time(); ruby has Time.now.to_f. It is not perfect, but great for smaller scripts: fool proof (except for the precision loss), roundtrips via any serialization format, and easy to understand. And no timezone problems at all! They completely disregard bus waiting time, and assume wildly optimistic bus walking time (10 minutes per day). Not to mention bus transfers and extra bus distance due to route not going directly from home to work. I don't know about bicycle analysis, but I would not trust bus analysis at all. So what protects you from accidentally doing “DELETE TABLE users” on prod? In traditional design, there will be pre-commit code reviews and staging env with limited access. But looks like Dark get rids of all of this? This uses hardware SPI module running at 3MHz. Those modules are buffered, and as long as there are no underruns, there will no glitches at all. And the userspace sends entire buffer in one syscall, so those underruns will have to be caused by kernel stall, which usually only happens when buggy device drivers are present. That’s a pretty dangerous idea. It may seem to user that they are safe from server compromise or government investigation, but this is not the case. The code is shipped every time, which means that hackers will modify the code to exfiltrate users’ keys, and governments will make developer do that. See the story of hushmail and feds for an example. Why do browser extensions do so much worse compared to, say generic Linux software? I think the biggest problem is lack of reputation -- the "value" of being trusted extension author is low, as long as people can find you in the appstore, you'll get the installs. There are probably many ways to fix this, but one of the least-impactful ways to do so is to use third parties for extension approval -- if extension authors do not care about their reputation, let's find someone else who does! The system would be simple: (1) Anyone can publish an "extension whitelist", a list of (extension, version, hash) entries. Maybe it's just a webpage in a special format. (2) In my browser, I can optionally subscribe to as many extension whitelists as I want. (3) If I have any whitelist installed, then any extension versions must be on the whitelist. Auto-update does not work if the next version won't be on the whitelist. That's it! I am sure that once such system is in place, then would be people who would provide such whitelists. There are already people out there that examine source code of extensions they run, as the original article shows. And additionally, one could make automatic approvals -- say an AV vendor could scan extensions from app store, and automatically make a whitelist of all scanned and safe versions. This will be a big departure from the current extension model, and it will bring control back to the user. ... and of course, this is why there is approximately 0% chance this or similar idea will ever get implemented. Chrome nowdays is not about user control at all. So why would advertisers pay for this? Surely people will sign up for thousands of email accounts, subscribe them all to every mailing list, then collect free money? Back when there were “get paid to view ads” toolbars, they wee full of intrusive code that would ensure that you are looking at the ads and not just leaving your computer running unattended. I don’t think this will fly for email, so fraud would be rampant I don't think this is the case. I remember seeing something about 3D sound in the card settings, thinking "that's not going to work with my 2.1 speaker system, must be just a useless gimmiky DSP" -- and never using it again. Most of my friends had the same experience. Later on, I got a new computer and a much better speakers, and spent some time getting digital output to work. I used my motherboard for that, because at this stage, I wanted soundcard to be just a simple, stupid data sender. No DSP, no "advanced 3D sound rendering" -- the ideal sound card takes data from input (DVD) and sends them to speakers, acting as a dumb data pipe. Same goes for "fancy CRT features" -- what is that exactly that CRTs can do that flat-screens can not? Other than duck hunt-style controllers, I don't think there is anything. Make S3 bucket on a different account, grant it write privileges from your main one. Enable versioning and setup lifecycle to purge old versions in 90 cays. That’s it - no matter what your main account does, you will bave 3 months to undo it Wait, how does this work? Next time new version will be deployed, the deploy script will override all the files, and people will notice that all the data is coming back damaged. Was it a site in maintenance mode, where no one was working on anymore? Correlation attacks are attacing anonymity. If you are an embassy, there is no need for anonymity. Ok, an embassy connected to vpn.whitehouse.gov and sent 20 gb of data, so what? (unless you are thinking about high level things, like "lots of traffic" -> "something going on", but tor won't help with that either) Yes, if you are an embassy, you can be pretty sure that the host country is watching all of your traffic very carefully. Having all the traffic go via VPN is just sanity. (and for really secure stuff you will want a channel with constant rate, constant size packets, as others said) If you do this, it is no longer OTP. That may be more convincing if there were not a winner in Loebner Test every year [0] I am not saying that the paper is 100% wrong, and GA is possible, just pointing thar the core premise is flawed. [0] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loebner_Prize For those who do not know exactly how OTP works: jancsika is right in the sense that this is possible, but meaningless. The reason for that is that in OTP, you use your key ("pad") for every transmission, in 1-to-1 ratio to amount of data being transmitted. And you can only use your key once (hence "one time pad") So let's say you brought 1000 MB of OTP keys to embassy in diplomatic mail, you can use it to send up to 1000 MB of encrypted data, and then you have to get a new one. If you are low on OTP keys, and you use it to send a new one, you'll have to spend 100 MB of "old" OTP keys to get 100 MB of "new" OTP keys -- entirely pointless process, as amount of unused key data won't change. While I agree this can be true in general, this is not often the case. We do mandatory code reviews in our company, and at least a couple of times, I have received a comment which made me go "whoah, this is much better than my idea!", followed by a new version which is 10x shorter and way more reliable. Being the author of the code in question, I can tell you with full authority that sometimes: (1) no, I had no thoughts of fixing the code, I did not know it was non-optimal. (2) no, I had no good reason for not getting around to fixing it. I had no special requirements that would justify my decision. (3) yes, I just did not think about it. It is like searching for something for a long time and then suddenly finding it in the obvious location -- except this time, I did not find the obvious solution, so I almost ended up committing this huge code monstrosity. Light? Sure Fast? Nope. Look at http_write_response for example - it does 5 syscalls instead of 2 required. And there is no caching headers support, so the browser will download things more than necessary. For simple things, I highly recommend a small C-based server. This server has educational value only. Usually, when people say “universal library”, they mean a library which can work with almost everything. This is not it. This library only talks to shrimpy, and nothing else. The fact that shrimpy can talk to multiple exchanges does not make the library universal. > power of COM [...], and what could have if we'd had proper object technology today. Editors which can always crash, because they are as stable as the least stable plugin? Formulas you can no longer edit because you do not have that specific formula editor installed? Completely closed and proprietary binary storage formats? Security as weak as the weakest app installed on your machine? Granted, in the 1990's, COM was probably a pretty good thing -- it was very fast and efficient, at the expense of stability. Today, I'd prefer different tradeoff -- stable, secure and open; and if I have to wait 5 seconds for my auto-rendered markdown to get updated, it's OK, I can do so. Note that "find ... -exec" is always going to be slow, as it does one process spawn per file. You should process multiple files at once using xargs: find . -type f -print0 | xargs -0 xxhsum -r As a bonus, you can easily customize it to select only subset of files (find . -type f -name '*.js' -print0) , or to checksum using 16 cores (| xargs -P 16 -0 xxhsum -r) Browser uses cryptography, so one does not have to contact CA for every visit. Banksy does not, so you do have to contact “CA” every time. > Portability is not possible. Real applications are closely coupled to hardware. Change the platform and all the code changes Some lessons simply did not age well.... Even in world of today's microcontrollers, which often have kilobytes of RAM and very different CPU styles, people still write mostly hardware abstracted code. What is the appeal of the carrier-based messaging like RCS? My experience with various carriers was that the features they provide is always very late and generally inferior to existing independent alternatives (the voicemail situation is a very good example). So let's be happy that RCS is not catching up, because then people will switch to different messengers which will have chance to provide real innovation. "death of the metered paywall."? I understand this is publisher-centric newspaper, but it's not like it was that hard to bypass it. If I remember right, Chrome had "open guest window" functionality forever, which bypasses the detectors as wll -- and it only took 4 clicks (select all, copy, open guest window, paste-and-go) Sure 4 click -> 1 click reduction is a big change, but it is hardly "death of metered firewall" We (using general "we" here) spent so much time convincing developer that version control is good, reviewable changes are good, automated CI is good, and editing directly on the servers is bad. This was not because of some abstract ideas, but because of practical lessons about how to maintain long-lived applications. And now there is a startup which says "let's edit directly on the servers, automated CI is not needed -- the code will always be correct, and we will add version control in the future.. maybe..." How do you think people will react to this? That is very, very subjective > With multiple repos, modularity is the norm. It's not a must - you technically can have a repo depending on umpteen other repos. But your teammates expect to be able to work with their repo with a minimal set of dependencies. You'd think so.. but no. I am working with multi-repo project where some repos have about dozens of dependencies, all developed locally, and interdependent on each other. Bumping the basic repo is very hard and frustrating. I miss my monorepo every day, where I could just make a PR and fix all consumers at once, where I had a CI which would test all modules at once. Yeah, in those environments you may have no choice. But in my case, many local hospitals have free WiFi which blocks everything "suspicious", including most of UDP and many VPN-related TCP ports. I think “war” is pretty great exaggeration here, as implies active action. It’s more like “they are not talking anymore” That's an unusual meaning for word "platform" Antora is a software package which makes static documentation websites from text source. It is no more a platform than "javac" or "php" is. I have only skimmed the whitepaper, but I did not notice any mention of handling of the loss of the private key. Sooner or later, any servers get hacked, and attackers can get the private data stored there. If this happens, is there any way to recover the TLD? Or are we going to end up with a network where many names point to ransomware pages? I think the Google's answer is, "it isn't supposed to work" They pretty clearly believe that they should be the only ones controlling the web experience. That sounds awfully arrogant. Do you really think that no one around you is smarter than you are? I know there are some people in my workspace who are write software faster than I do, and their results are more maintainable than mine. This cannot be something that is "taught or learned", as I had years of experience in the field, while they had to learn it. The only explanation I have is the innate talent. (disclaimer: this was not web, so no "technology of the day" problems) The ability to enter unknown area and start writing good code fast is (mostly) innate. While there are some tricks and common knowledge which can make it faster, I think it is mostly the inherent talent. I don’t think anyone need to “memorize and rehearse” Fizzbuzz, the whole idea is it is so trivial that one can solve it on the spot without prior knowledge. If one is concerned about people memorizing answer, it is pretty simple to change the question a bit to make it non-recognizeable, The magic precision fixed point numbers are super cool. However, if you don't need them, I don't see an advantage over regular languages - for example, Python's interactive shell will do the same and much more > But as a store of carbon, it is fundamental to the survival of every person. If destroyed or degraded, the Amazon, as a system, is simply beyond humanity’s ability to get back: Even if people were to replant half a continent’s worth of trees, the diversity of creatures across Amazonia, once lost, will not be replenished... Can someone elaborate on this? I thought all that matters for carbon balance is biomass, and vast majority of this comes from trees, so diversity doesn't matter as long as there is enough trees. That analysis seems incorrect in that it only looks at two devices for the iota case. While I haven’t read iota whitepaper very carefully, I assume it has a blockchain inside, which means many devices must verify each transaction. This needs to be taken into account as well. It greatly depends on what you do. For example, I have spent last hour reading HN, and visited dozens of different websites. None of them needed cookies at all, except HN itself (for user login). For initial interactive exploration, I like to use "less - S" (no line wrap mode). This also shows a screenfull of leftmost columns, but allows left-right scrolling using arrow keys. People sell Linux laptops, which has Ubuntu “as is”. This is not generally an exploitation. For DNS, does that mean that if Facebook wants any domain I own, like my homepage for the last 20 years, they'll just get it? Because an amount of money I can afford to protect it is tiny compared to FB's marketing budgets. That is exactly the reason I am using ZFS for important data -- one should not really trust the storage devices to be fully reliable. Is is a real pity that so few filesystems systems have integrated data checksumming -- I'd love to use something other than ZFS for this. I'd really like to go other direction, and have SSDs expose non-uniform storage. Right now, if my filesystem dies, I have a ton of tools and manuals for recovery. This is the format is well known, and diagnostics tools are easily available. If my SSD dies, it's just gone. In two cases I had, the drive just was not allowing any file reads at all -- I had zero chance to recover the data. The drive internals are totally opaque. So no, I would prefer my SSDs to be super dumb -- I do not trust the manufacturers to get recovery tools right. But S3 is so unified because has heavy limitations -- only basic file ops, no consistency guarantees. It actually has less capability than FAT32 in some ways (For example, no attributes, no way to say "create file but do not overwrite it") Sure, someone can make super-limited drive which only does 3 basic ops (read, "upsert", list). Would it be useful for general purpose computing? I doubt it. At my job, we have "do you have any questions for us" part as a standard part of every interview -- and my experience shows that most people always have at least one question. > Lilocked doesn't encrypt system files, but only a small subset of file extensions, such as HTML, SHTML, JS, CSS, PHP, INI, and various image file formats. So this is only for people who do not use any sort of version control for their websites. While I am sure there are plenty of them, they usually do not go to HN. During the last interview, I've had similar thing happen to me -- after we discussed whiteboard design question, the candidate asked, "how would you solve this?". This resulted in a pretty nice exchange of opinions. In a somewhat related point, last time I was designing the coding question, I tested it on my teammmates. They all solved it, and their response was very helpful, and it allowed me to clarify some points in the problem. qubes-like solutions are great at preventing malicious code from accessing your internal websites, but pretty useless from "code leak" perspective. If you have downloaded a trojaned "super library" and put it to your build process, it will, by definition, be in the same security domain as your source code. Unless you audit all file accesses and outgoing internet access, you won't be able to prevent code exfiltration. I usually allocate up to 20 minutes for that problem during the interview, maybe extending this to 30 minutes if they are not doing too well. My goal was that the co-workers solve it under 10 minutes -- that 3x length factor is trying to compensate for harsher interview conditions. As for leetcodes -- I just looked at the site, and my interview question would be rated 'easy'. In fact, I'd say that most of the 'easy' questions there are too hard for the programming interview. I don’t think this is an advantage? Work account can be accessed by your IT department, locked out when you leave, investigated for any reason. I certainly don’t want to have any links to my personal stuff at all! As for github.com, our official IT recommendation that people don’t use their personal accounts, but create one just for work. This way there is no worries about personal data there. (This is at a subsidiary of a large international company. I can believe small startups use a simpler methods) > moat becomes a public good once the patent expires I have heard this argument a lot of times, but I don't see how it applies to software patents in particular. At one of the previous jobs, I was doing some research, and there were lots of useful inputs: conference/journal papers, technical reports, thesises, and so on. The only exception are software patents -- I have never learned anything from them. In all of them? I doubt it. I can believe that some software patent somewhere have a clever idea that is not described elsewhere -- but I still have to find such patent. Let's take for exa/mple first google hit for "software patent", which for me is https://patents.google.com/patent/US6353926B1/en "Software update notification". In my opinion, it is completely useless. - It has nothing particularly innovative. It describes a specific Windows update mechanism in needless details -- while it is a solid design, most engineers, given the same problem, would come up with similar design. I know I did, and I did not know anything about OSD, CDF or windows update subsystem at all. - It does not present information clearly. The text is hard to read and needlessly complicated. There are better sources of information about this topic -- I am sure there is a MSDN article and a dozen of blog posts which describe this much better. - It did not even motivate the inventor! I am almost sure that whatever motivation Microsoft had for promoting Open Software Description standard, it was not to get this patent. So what good is this patent? As far as I can see, there is no public benefit at all. The only value is for Microsoft, so they can threaten others and stifle competition. Note that this is not really replacement for most Makefiles - it does not do dependency tracking, parallel building, integrated rules, or any bulding at all. This is a wrapper for go files which allows you call functions easier. With it, one can type “mage Something” instead of “go run Something.go”. In modern systems, ptrace requires root even if attaching to the same user. So this hole has been closed. Eh, if they pull all apps which use that library from apple's and google's app stores, that would be enough to make it useless. Once you add backup in the picture, the local users are great. My main account can have all the ransomware it wants, all the backups are gong to stay intact, so I can restore the files. * in the real life, there is “sudo hole”, but this can be fixed within the current user concept. Given that the whole system is targeted for laptops, this seems somewhat obvious and does not seem to be something you need to measure? The worst thing I can think of is classroom environment - and even that would be at most 1 update per hour, which is pretty infrequent in the context (the update frequency needs to be much bigger than the clock skew, which is normally under a second) And even that assumes that each record is updated every time user logs in (since each record is stored separately). In practice, records could be added or removed to the system, but the actual modification will be pretty rare - once initial setup is done, it will be only periodic password changes. That quote s about user record - full name, password, expirations, limits etc.. how often do you change this? It does not apply to user files, there is a completely different mechanism for them He is talking about homedir encryption with auto-lock, and this fundamentally incompatible with cronjobs. Sorry, you got to choose - cronjobs or secures encryption. No one can have both. It is all described in the first slides, I’d summarize it as “encrypted decentralized roaming profile”. It’s a pretty specialized feature - I’d myself would not want to use it. But I can think of some situations where this can be very handy. And from the practical standpoint, it is not that bad. As far as files access goes, it is compatible with everything, and quering password db will also work. The only thing that changed is how you create interactive users, and it’s not like it was standardized before. Not sure how that work? The computer just stands there, with no one around, and “please enter password for user joe” appears? Or same thing happens on a shared computer while another user is logged in - what next? I mean, sure one can code this, but I cannot imagine many situations where it will be useful. I think if you want cronjobs, you just have to use service users. Why won’t local backups be sufficient against ransomware? Is it because of privilege escalation attacks? I was under impression that even with zero days, using modern distribution and auto updates will minimize the amount of time the system is vulnerable, so for most of time, it will be sufficient. > “the maintainers" (i.e., Lennart and friends) Huh what? The Debian discussion was completely in the open, and I recommend reading it, so you know why people choose systemd. There was no Lennart’s influence, everyone was their own people. No one had red hat agenda. All they wanted a better init system, it ended up being a choice between systemd and upstart, and systemd won with a small margin. A later GR vote across thousands of debian debs confirmed the decision. Really, why do those theories gets repeated? We are not talking about commercial companies and back room office politics, it is all in the open. Aren’t you replacing systemd with run_rc_command? This is just as opinionated, but with less features. (In particular, will the error be logged if the program fails to start due to bad config file? And how do I describe “only start once “volume X” is mounted?j) This still runs on software, so this protocol is controller by a one party: a software developers. The whole history of cryptocurrency forks shows this very nicely. Thanks for the example -- because this is exactly why I am glad we had systemd! I do remember using the gentoo's rc system, and writing the script very much like you wrote here, and it always "kinda works". Specifically, how is "$initscript check" will work? I have seen three approaches: - Sometimes, "check" searches for the process with the given name. That can fail if you are on multi-user system, and a user runs a server on non-standard port. - Sometimes, "check" checks for .pid file, and that process with given pid exists. This can fail if you have high process churn, and your PID got reused. - Sometimes, "check" does completely strange things. Like check that PID file exists, but not the contents -- so it would work fine if you use start/stop commands, but will not notice if the server crashes. So yes, you can do it in shell, and it will work.. most of the time. And hey, you can always fix it -- the first time you discover that your server did not restart, you'd edit the script and add port checking... and then upgrade it to better kill runaway processes.. you can keep going and going. In the end, I think it all brings you back to old pets vs cattle debate. If your server is manually provisioned, each process is carefully tuned, then shell scripts are for you. If you just want to say "install something_d" and have things work, across thousands of systems, at the expense of uglier config and non-optimal file layout -- then more advanced inits are way better. I can see the rc runner itself will save output to /var/run/rc.log . This is great, as far as shell-based systems go -- of course not as good as systemd/upstart (which separate by service), but better than many linux's init systems. Next, I wanted to check if "run_rc_command" suppressed the stdout/stderr of the program it was running. And here is where I hit a first difficulty: - The rc.subr manpage you referred to does not seem to mention logging it in any way. - So I looked in the source.. and it is 1300 line shell script [1], with run_rc_command being pretty complex function, with thousands of lines of code. I found answer to my question (apparently it does not care about stdout/stderr at all), but this was non-trivial. Compare it to systemd, which just have this information in the official manpages [2]. Are you still claiming shell-based init scripts are simpler? (Expert level question: you have a third-party Java app, which provides a single sh file for you to run. Can you use it with your "10 line init script"? Why not?) [1] https://github.com/IIJ-NetBSD/netbsd-src/blob/e4505e0610ceb1... [2] https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd.exe... I was super surprised about ability to lift kernel lockdown programmatically, using sysrq_trigger file. I think it completely defeats entire point of the lockdown - it is like a safe with spare key duct-taped to the side, annoying but useless against any advisory. The original kernel patch had a facility to disable programming lockdown lifting, but this apparently did not make it into the kernel he is using. Hopefully this was intentional, to make this less annoying for users during the testing period. I it is not about opt-in, it is about getting both money and traffic from google. This quote from the parent linked article is very telling: > After the passage of the law Google asked German publishers to explicitly opt-in or be excluded from search results as protection against liability. Publishers opted-in but filed an antitrust complaint, arguing they were effectively forced by Google to waive their copyrights. It doesn’t have to, any website can opt out - but they don’t. And when they made it opt-in in Germany, the same publishers who pushed for the law, opted in anyway. Why do you think it is? I think people hate the decision because there were trivial technical measures to prevent snippets already, for years. Those companies spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to sue google... instead of spending trivial amount of engineering time to just put the right tag on their page. So I don’t think “Google was stealing” argument holds water - if this was really the problem, then the solution does not make sense. Your first two "virtual machines" are actually not that different. Sure, xen simulates the same CPU type as host, and talks to host via block devices and raw sockets, and each guest includes the full OS and filesystem; while Java VM simulates a completely different CPU, and uses host's OS for filesystem and TCP/IP access. They seem pretty distinct. But you are just looking at the sides of the spectrum, and there are plenty of things in the middle. - With Xen, you can boot directly into user app, without any OS, filesystems or separate libraries. Is it still "fake system" if the thing you are booting has no chance of running on a real hardware? - Qemu/kvm, which is normally used to emulate processors, supports "virt", "a platform which doesn't correspond to any real hardware and is designed for use in virtual machines." Does this start to sound like JVM for you? - There are an actual, physical chips which execute Java bytecode directly (like picoJava). Does this put Java VM into "hardware emulation" category? - On, and there is UML (user mode linux) project -- it emulates a virtual machine with its own fixed memory pool (like xen), and can use host's block device (like xen), and raw networking (like xen); but it can also use host's filesystem (like JVM), and it uses host's kernel for thread scheduling (like JVM). Where does it go? - Oh, and there is a Smalltalk. The older versions had garbage-collecting VM (like JVM), but it had its own device drivers (like xen) and filesystem (like xen). There is a reason we call of them "virtual machines" -- they have lots of things in common. I don't understand: Nathan: "Would not voluntarily recognize a union even if the vast majority of workers signed in support of one." The CEO's statement he referenced: " If a majority of the staff in an appropriate bargaining unit votes in favor of a union in an NLRB election, we will fully respect that choice and negotiate in good faith toward a collective bargaining agreement." Those statements seem to be opposite of each other? I thought the whole point of unions was to represent interests of employees? If the Kickstarter employees' issues are not important to their union, why would they unionize? Re typing, I bet both Python and Lisp will be faster to type. I am typing English-like text all day already - in form of emails, papers, comments and so on, so I am proficient. Switching to exotic APL syntax will make me type much slower. Our project is using something like that - it started nice and simple, but got lots of ugly hacks now. We have some values which use two different sub-delimiters, multiple “mini-formats”, values which contain the name of other keys, magic atrings to represent “null”, and so on. We got used to this, but results are pretty ugly. We get people confused about delimiter order, broken copy-paste, and so on. For the next project, I’d recommend something which can support complex structures. A schema validation would be nice, too.