How can anyone take the author's word on whether or not to put a full stop at the end of something when he puts a full stop at the end of the bullet points in his list? That's far worse usage than anything he's doing in the title/summary/smart synopsis. https://www.oxforddictionaries.com/words/bullet-points "And resulted into this" is a full sentence now? I guess. It's not really English though. The whole thing is serious bikeshedding in my opinion. I used to work on the algo-trading desk of a big brokerage firm (so writing trading algorithms that execute other people's orders for them), and I have to say almost always if someone sends a market order, it would be safer for them if they sent the same thing as an aggressive IOC ("Immediate or Cancel") limit order. The IOC flag gives similar semantics to a market order (in that no portion of your order is going to stay on the book if it's unfilled), but you are guaranteed to execute no worse than the limit you have set. This is clearly way better in situations where the market has big dislocations. Yes, completely agree. And in fact for my own trading I don't use stops because they introduce downside that isn't there in many other situations. On the quant trading analyses that I have done, adding stops frequently makes performance strictly worse while not helping that much when things get really extremely bad, because of course there is no guarantee of liquidity at your stop level if the market is dropping like a stone. So I've seen things like having a trigger in an order manager that at a certain price will place an aggressive IOC limit order to unwind something. In normal conditions that will behave exactly like an at-market stop loss order, except that in the case of really extreme disruption you won't get filled before your limit. So the hope is in those cases the market will bounce. You don't want to get unwound at any cost on your stop if the market is going to rapidly recover afterwards. It also means there's no information leakage if you're worried about your broker taking advantage of the information in your stop (paranoid, but yes...). As you've said, there's no panacea. Totally agree. It's fair to realise that there are consequences to deviation from standards, but (like many people) I don't consider the fact that IETF makes something a standard to be a binding requirment on me to do something on my boxes. For one thing, the standard was built for an extremely different internet than the one we have today. Hang on, if I'm going to be a real pedant, that section says that the host must implement an echo server that can reply to ICMP echo requests, it doesn't say that the host must reply to those requests. By that standard, OsX is compliant because it has the server. You don't have to enable the response. Ships' engines are amazing, but heavy fuel oil is really really gross stuff. It's basically all the bits of the barrel that are left after distillation. Ie what they've dug out of the ground but can't sell off for more money as aviation fuel, gasoline, diesel etc. Therefore it has really high sulphur content and very long/complex hydrocarbon chains that burn much less efficiently than gasoline or diesel. Louis Andriessen is also synesthetic (?sp). | In the scheme of things skipping a video won't kill a company. Skipping the video is not in itself what could potentially kill the company. However if clients are able to claim that their insurance was mis-sold by Zenefits, it seems to me that could. Mis-selling of payment protection insurance in the UK has already resulted in settlements north of 5 billion GBP, and the issue is not fully resolved yet. I do a lot of public speaking, presenting and demoing to audiences of various sizes, and am considered (by at least some people) quite good at this stuff. My advice would be just stop and think when you need to. It's completely fine and you will convey the impression that you are a serious and thoughtful individual, which is good. You can show that you were listening and are about to respond entirely through your body language. If you feel uncomfortable with that, there are a bunch of simple tricks you can use here and saying "umm..." is not a good one. One easy thing is to always ensure you have a glass/bottle of water. If someone asks a tough question and you need time to think, wait until they have finished their question, then take a drink of water. No-one thinks this is even slightly strange and it gives you time to think and make a considered answer. I used to work in finance, and there is a bunch of obscure terminology and conventions, adopted from different cultures (eg you can trade a "Lakh" of silver). See how the currency sign for GBP looks like a capital L? and the currency sign for shillings and pence was "s" and "d"? (now the uk use "p" for pence since decimalisation). So "Lire", "Soldi" and "Denarii" were the denominations of Italian currency in the the late Renaissance, and this obscure terminology was because originally the bankers in London were from Lombardy. So I always thought MM was the same. For something like "Mille Mille" (ie one thousand thousands). I don't have any reference for this, that was just my own theory, and it's slightly undermined by the fact that the Italians have a word for "Million" ("Milione"). I think you guys mean 'steganography' rather than 'stenography'. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steganography Tim Gowers is an amazing mathematician and a person of great integrity, but this is not exactly news given that the boycott has gone on for so long now (see the date on the article). More recently, in March 2016 he founded a new ultra-low-cost journal (Discrete Analysis) which publishes all articles on arXiv. https://gowers.wordpress.com/2016/03/01/discrete-analysis-la... Go/baduk would be the most obvious counter-example here. It has something like 9 rules in total (depending on how you count them) and has been replayed for more than 5000 years. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rules_of_go#Concise_statement A csp can say that you only want to load things over https and Strict-transport security (HSTS) also helps here (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_Strict_Transport_Security ). I've found http://securityheaders.io quite helpful in securing my servers alongside ssl labs server test (as others have mentioned) to check that your actual server and SSL certs are configured well. Not exactly. If you remove dropbox from the accessibility auth list while the client is still running (without removing /Library/DropboxHelperTools) it just adds itself back in. Also it prompts for the password after installation. So it's more like "how dropbox uses the root access you give it after installation to install software which will permanently re-add itself to accessibility even if you attempt remove its authorization". It's very strange that after I remove Dropbox from the accessibility list you think it's ok to add it back in again. That's the reason I'll be closing my account. This is a very broad accusation, but certainly most hedge funds I know are based in Mayfair, where almost all property is owned by the Duchy of Westminster. Of the top of my head I don't know any hedge funds who own their own office space in London (I'm sure they must exist). Hedge funds as a group would almost certainly be able on average to lower their rent if there was more property development. It might be that the processes are genuinely eating your RAM, but on most unix-like OSs, RAM usage doesn't work quite the way people expect and it may be you're misunderstanding. Many pages of forked or threaded processes can be copy-on-write, so it actually costs the OS nothing to have multiple processes sharing them. They only actually become separate pages when the process actually writes to them. What this means is that you can't get a true picture of the ram usage just by adding as you will in fact be double-counting any read-only pages that are shared using COW. Seriously? Here's the Ecuadorian Embassy: https://goo.gl/maps/gtwjXtGrv9p Note that it's not in the middle of nowhere, it's right behind Harrods (ie 100 yards away from one of the busiest shopping streets in one of the world's largest and most diverse cities, with 1000s of people walking by every minute carrying cellphones). Do you honestly think anyone could storm such an embassy and not have a massive media footprint? When the Iranian embassy was stormed there was wall-to-wall coverage on the news, and that was in the 1980s, before every second person on the street had a cellphone and twitter. Many people have their internet service go down from time to time (I know I do) and most of the time it isn't caused by state-sponsored action/governments storming their place of residence. I've already said why I think such a storming would provide evidence that even state-sponsored actors would not be able to suppress. The Brompton Road and Sloane street both have plenty of pedestrians and vehicular traffic at 6:40am (I'm speaking as someone who used to bicycle down them every day around that time). Given no evidence to the contrary, a much better hypothesis that fits the known facts is that there was some sort of standard ISP snafu or similar tech problem. That's a bizarre accusation and very easy to fact-check for yourself. It's trivial to run a packet sniffer and see all the information being sent out of your network. I know for sure that my apple and my linux boxes aren't making any network connections that I don't understand. That's true. All the banks were forced to take bailout money because the concern was if a sound bank was allowed to refuse, shaky banks would either be punished in the market for accepting or worse would be pressured into refusing when they actually needed the money. GS paid the money back literally as soon as they were allowed to. Have you considered changing your pricing model so you get paid some % of their "success" however defined? Edit: to explain my thinking - the idea here is it may actually be that if you're getting paid alongside them that you don't need to grow to other customers. You can get all the revenue you need from getting this one customer to dominate their market. I'm not sure the OPs approach is reasonable, and I would decline any candidate who tried to put constraints like this on the process. In particular I don't think it's reasonable to insist on being interviewed by the direct manager and I don't think it's reasonable to refuse to engage with algorithm and other whiteboard questions. As a meta-point, a company should try to standardise their interview process as much as possible in order to provide each candidate with an equal chance to succeed. This is very important in attempting to address inherent biases etc. Apart from filtering out unsuitable candidates, one of the purposes of the interview process is to determine where exactly a good candidate might best fit. Although you get a good guess at this from their CV, oftentimes I find myself suggesting a good candidate be routed to a particular team based on strengths and weaknesses they have demonstrated in the interview process that were not apparent before. There is an information asymmetry at the heart of this that is hard to solve - I know a lot about my company, its teams and their needs, and the candidate (hopefully) knows a lot about themselves, what they are actually good at and want to do. What this means is that the direct manager is not necessarily knowable ahead of the interview (and subsequent review). Secondly, just because someone is a team lead/manager does not necessarily presuppose they are a particularly good interviewer. Interviewing is a skill that not everyone has and there are good reasons to keep the interview pool to a set of people who see a wide swathe of candidates and are able to calibrate their interview based on experiences of lots of candidates. This means the hiring manager (even if you know who she is) may not be on the slate for interviewing. Finally the "I'm not prepared to answer questions like x". Although this is becoming a trendy thing to say on HN (most typically about algorithm/whiteboard type questions), refusing to engage constructively with a question is a huge red flag for me, and likely to indicate a personality type that I don't want to hire. I would readily admit that the data shows that algo questions often don't have as much signal as people used to think. However, structured work exercises have been shown time and time again to be a very good indicator of subsequent performance. I do need to know that you can actually program, and often offer a choice of an algo question or a structured code review (where the candidate and I talk through some code on their github or that they can provide me for the review). There are good and bad ways to ask algo questions as there are with many questions. It's pretty pointless to ask an experienced programmer to write the algo for heapify; they either know it or they don't. However, if you're a recent compSci graduate and you don't know these things I'll suspect that you didn't really pay attention in class and mostly coasted. One of the hardest and very best interviews I have ever had consisted of someone deliberately re-asking one of the algo questions I had performed poorly on at the beginning of the interview process (after I had a couple of weeks to think about it). This proceeded into a very very tough interview that pushed me beyond the bounds of my compsci knowledge to how I think about solving hard problems. It wasn't about what "book knowledge" I could recall but rather about how good I was at applying my knowledge in a tough situation. CIO in the context of a hedge fund means "Chief Investment Officer" rather than "Chief Information Officer". There are quite a few situations where you have an obligation to not delete data so "legally you've done nothing wrong" is probably overly broad. This is too simplistic. There is another reason - options incentivise people in a different way from cash. Say I have an option which is struck at the fair market value of the company on the day I join. When I exercise that option, the value will be the appreciation in the value of the company up to that point (ie the value I have had a role in creating). So options (when the plan is set up well) incentivise employees to maximise the value of the company for shareholders. More broadly you could say that options tend to incentivise long-term value creation ("dividend-seeking") over short-term value extraction ("rent-seeking") behaviours. Secondly, options incentivise people to stay around (until their options vest). The company also gets to cancel unvested options if a person leaves and even claw back vested but unexercised options in the case of misconduct by the employee. These are all things that are valuable for the company and more difficult to achieve using cash. Thirdly, there is a big difference to most startups between "value" and "cash". I may well want to pay someone in a cash-equivalent that has equal value to cash (or even greater) because I want to manage my cashflow. After all, I can pay my employees (some of their comp) in options but I have to pay my bills in actual cash, which may be hard to come by until I hit net positive cashflow. In the case of an option, when you exercise and sell, you turn your option into cash, but the cash doesn't come from the company, it comes from whoever buys. This may be more efficient for the company than raising the equivalent cash and paying people directly in cash (because of transaction costs around fundraising). He means diminishing _marginal_ utility. Extra income always gives increasing utility on an absolute basis. An extra dollar of income gives a dollar of utility to everyone, but an extra dollar to Bill Gates gives less marginal utility than it gives to me because it's a much smaller proportion of his net worth and therefore will make less difference to his life than it would to mine. There are a few problems with this. 1) moral hazard/information assymetry - If I insure you against fraud I have removed most of your financial incentive to protect yourself, so I need to have some other reason to think that you will. I also need protection against the fact that you have more information than I have about the risk of fraud (how do I know you won't collude with the fraudster, in effect defraud yourself and collect on the insurance?) In the normal world this category of concerns prevents lots of types of risks from being insurable, and we have criminal law to protect against collusion 2) Capital commitment - It's not sufficient to just get a promise from the vetters, the capital has to be committed (ie escrowed in some way) otherwise how do I (as an insured party) know they will make good on their payment when I need them to? As an insured party I have to be able to verify that you have done this. In the normal world, this is handled by regulatory capital guidelines for insurers and counterparty collateral posting in the world of OTC contracts. 3) Network effects - If I have capital in escrow, the contracts protecting that escrow would presumably themselves become extremely high-value targets for fraud. Can they be insured? How would you know that the capital is committed to pay out on these insurance contracts? Escrow again? This is a very significant bootstrapping problem - how do I as a participant somewhere in this chain know that in the last resort my insurance will be able to pay out so that if need by I can make good on my commitments. In the normal world this is handled by central counterparties demanding collateral posting against open contracts. It's very tempting for engineering/technical people to assume that even though they don't really understand all the details, everything has an engineering/technical solution that would be so much better than what has been developed by their predecessors. This disruptor's hubris is necessary for progress to be made against very hard problems otherwise they would probably be to daunting to tackle. Trust in the existing contract law system has grown organically over a very long period of time. Some of the smartest people going are lawyers and they've had a significant head start on these problems. It would be pretty difficult for trust to evolve organically given some of the poor decisions and scale of subsequent fraud that has already happened in the "smart" contract world. You can at least get a copy of all of it, and you can delete some of it. 1. Log in to your google account 2. go to ﻿ https://www.google.com/settings/takeout (this doesn't work with the regional googles like 'google.co.uk' fwiw) 3. You should see a page called 'Download your data' with all the services selected. If you want to deselect anything, do, otherwise hit 'Next' 4. If you want to change the format or chunk size, do it here. Otherwise hit 'Next' 5. Wait. This can take a few days if your google account is big. 6. You'll get an email with a link to one or more archives to download. All your stuff will be in there in open formats. 7. You can delete your google account (I think from https://myaccount.google.com/preferences?pli=1#deleteservice... ) but it won't delete info they have on you in their caches Have a nice day. Sean Although I'm sympathetic with the side I think you're on, the legal issue at stake here is much more complex than you are giving credit for, and reasonable people can disagree about this. Courts have apparently found in the past that disclosing a physical key is not a 5th amendment violation whereas disclosing a code (eg the combination to a safe) is. The EFF is apparently of the mind that this is a violation. There's a decent writeup of a different case that raises the same issue here http://www.outsidethebeltway.com/the-fifth-amendment-privacy... Hmm. It's not true to say under this scheme a judge could jail you for not producing a body. This is more like a situation where the judge could jail you for not allowing people to search the spot where they suspect the body is (eg if you won't let police search your freezer). That's something they can in fact already do. That is to say, they have the right (assuming a warrant) to search where they want to search, and if there is a physical protection (eg a key) it isn't covered by 5th amendment and you have to cough it up. The 5th amendment doesn't bestow a right to prevent the collection of evidence in general. You could argue that this particular person wanted a jury trial they could easily have got that by disclosing the password and allowing decryption. That said, forcing disclosure of a password is particularly troubling. On its face it seems obvious that he is deliberately not doing that so as not to reveal the incriminating evidence (ie incriminate himself), which is why he is pleading the 5th amendment right not to be forced to do that. Options don't work that way fortunately/unfortunately. In the event of a split in the underlying, you have to split the options also. I'm assuming you mean Hol a cracy (eg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holacracy )? Not trying to be pedantic, just making sure. I don't think that's true. A safe harbor can't make you liable for something, it can carve out a specific case where you are not liable. So the DCMA safe harbor could say that they are not liable if they never moderate. That would mean that by moderating they would give up their ability to claim safe harbor. It would not make them liable. Their liability would then be judged based on what they did (ie was their moderation negligent in some way). This isn't just slightly OT, it's completely OT and includes an ad-hominem sideswipe for no discernable reason. Appealing to the authority of Donald Trump's twitter account doesn't make it any less of an ad-hominem sideswipe. I know what the blog article says, but I don't think that's how this works. They don't generally go after the 100k end people who have fragments of the stolen coins in your example, they just go after the 3 who received the stolen coins and say they have to make restitution. Otherwise you could get out of any financial liability for receiving stolen goods just by flipping to someone else. One of the things that regulators, prosecutors and counsel for wronged parties take into account is how likely they are to get restitution based on a particular construction of the case, so they may choose to pursue a party where the theory of liability is a bit tortuous if it allows them to sue a party with deep pockets where they are more likely to be able to get restitution for example. I am familiar with how tracing cash and securities transactions on behalf of wronged parties was done in a couple of frauds and that's how it worked there (although those cases didn't involve bitcoin it must be said). //edited to explain more clearly that I had read the article so understand the point the parent was making in that context In the UK at least the teens I know consider snapchat uncool and hard to use; they prefer to use Instagram. When I travel to India and the far East (Indonesia and the Philippines most recently) people seem to be all about WhatsApp. Obviously a small sample and the plural of anecdote isn't data, but you don't quote sources for your "vast vast vast majority of young people" either. The problem with this argument is that while supply of bitcoin itself is inelastic, anyone who wants to do so can create an altcoin, meaning the supply of altcoins in general is infinite, and since they are functionally extremely similar to each other if people can't buy bitcoin at an attractive price, they can simply buy something else that works the same way. His legal team said that, but of course that doesn't mean he didn't commit fraud. As I understand it, he took money from his pharmaceutical company to cover up trading losses in his fund. The fact that investors all made money doesn't change a)that this is almost certainly criminal in and of itself if you don't 100% own both the fund and the company b)pharma investors would have made more money had he not taken some of their cash and given it to investors in his fund. Edit: And of course reporting requirements. If you're investing with other people's money, you don't get to make a huge loss just disappear and not tell people about it. There are a bunch of laws about that sort of thing. > In my time there I've never seen Zuck really duck a question. He stands behind what his company does and believes in the mission, as do most employees. Just this week he has ducked questioning by the UK parliament, and opted not to stand behind what his company does. A couple of weeks ago, when this story broke, he opted to just hide for a little bit, issue legal threats against the guardian and the NYT and see if the whole thing would blow over. I'm absolutely convinced that noone in Youtube uses 1)Youtube's search function (how can a company that is famous for search have such a completely terrible search at the heart of one of their main products?) 2)Subscriptions (how come they think that subscribing to a feed means "sometimes tell me when there's an update, sometimes don't"?. Can't conceive of them thinking that if they actually used them) Patch knows that ed is a fine choice. Ed is generous enough to flag errors, yet prudent enough not to overwhelm the novice with verbosity. In case anyone has not been exposed to the reference, it's perhaps invoking the famous `ed, man !man ed` page. https://www.gnu.org/fun/jokes/ed-msg.html I agree with your assertion that if GDPR expectations are high, they will be disappointed, however the "legitimate interest" claim doesn't trump the data subject's right to privacy in GDPR. As I understand it, you can only really claim legitimate interest if you're not doing any kind of direct marketing and are able to show that there is not undue impact on the data subject. There's a lot of conflicting information about this on the web but the actual language of the directive is pretty straightforward. “The legitimate interests of a controller, including those of a controller to which the personal data may be disclosed, or of a third party, may provide a legal basis for processing, provided that the interests or the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject are not overriding, taking into consideration the reasonable expectations of data subjects based on their relationship with the controller. Such legitimate interest could exist for example where there is a relevant and appropriate relationship between the data subject and the controller in situations such as where the data subject is a client or in the service of the controller." If you don't have a facebook account for example, you don't have a relationship with them and therefore have a reasonable expectation that they would not be tracking you. Edit: Granted, the language is somewhat ambiguous and we won't really know how this shakes out until there is established case law later in the year. Personally I'm waiting until GDPR comes into effect before requesting all the data LinkedIn has on me and information on any third parties they may have given my data to. I'm mildly terrified by some of the suggestions they have made which could only come from linking third-party data sets. As sibling points out, this is reported in the financials of the company so shareholders are informed. The reasons companies (listed and otherwise) give stock rather than cash are: 1)cashflow - it allows them to compensate people without affecting the cash position of the business 2)tax - sometimes it's more tax-efficient for the company than cash compensation 3)incentivises retention - vesting keeps people on the treadmill, especially if you re-up people while they vest so they would always leave a lot on the table if they walk. This is standard practise at Wall St firms so it's not SV-specific. 4)incentivises long-term value creation - if people get granted at around the fair value of the company when they join, then when they (exercise and) sell, they receive a share in the value they helped to create. It very much more direct than other forms of compensation 5)flexible - it's very difficult in many cases to adjust people's cash comp downwards. On the other hand if you structure a big piece of their annual comp as a discretionary equity bonus you can flex that 6)clawback - unvested equity is easy to claw back in the case of employee malfeasance. Cash is pretty much impossible to get back short of a lawsuit and even then, good luck. I totally get that people's long-term financial well-being is often too correlated to their employer's stock price, but it's really no mystery why firms do this. It's not at all an SV invention either, it's very similar to the template used for a long time by Wall St firms. Nicholas Cooke in "Handbook of Musical Analysis" says something that has always influenced me very deeply: > All notation is analysis Obviously he's talking in the specific context of musical notation, but it seems true in other fields too. Choosing how to notate seems a very important analytical decision and certain forms of notation help or hinder analysis. Feynman diagrams for example famously help to understand the maths underlying particle interactions. Roman numerals (for a different example) make all kinds of arithmetic much harder than in Arabic notation. This is a constant trope, and every time it's wheeled out a bunch of developers say they would love more uninterrupted time and their own offices vs open spaces. Both of these ignore the obvious - you don't optimise on productivity locally you need to optimise on output of the system as a whole. Productivity of the system as a whole is significantly improved by communication. Devs in offices may burn through a ton of tickets very productively achieving failure by building the wrong thing. Secondly, people who have never been managers often don't understand the externalities. As a manager, I've been asked "Why should the devs get so much better computers/bigger screens etc than us?" Different conditions can create an intense feeling of unfairness among people who don't get those conditions. Those types of things can wreck the culture at a company. Finally, open space is much much more flexible, so easier to change up when you need people to sprint together on a thing, when you need to scale up your team etc. Offices are extremely inflexible and typically anchorpoints for people's perception of their own status. Therefore once someone has an office, it's practically impossible to get them to not have one any more, even if circumstances have significantly changed. It's easy to blame management but it may well be that management have a totally different set of problems to consider than you. It's pretty hardy and goes dormant. You only need a few alive to grow a healthy starter back when you need it again, so every now and then I make an extra amount, mix in a little more flour than normal, spread it in blobs on an aluminium foil-covered baking tray and stick the whole thing in the freezer. After a few hours I come back, pop them off the foil and into a freezer bag. When reviving, I try to use two blobs from two separate bags just in case one has died. I put them in tepid water for a bit, then add flour and mix and I'm back in business. My starter was given to me by Dan Lepard[1] (the end-boss of breadmaking) during a sourdough masterclass that I was given as a present. I thoroughly recommend this as a present if you have a friend or loved one who is interested in making bread btw. It's fantastic and you get payback in tasty loaves for many years. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan_Lepard That link directly contradicts your claim: > On Monday, a Tesla representative said that Eberhard and other principals in the dispute have come to an agreement. The company did not reveal any details of the resolution, except to say that there are now five, rather than two, agreed-upon "founders" of Tesla. > In addition to Eberhard, other founders include current CEO and chief product architect Elon Musk, current chief technology JB Straubel, Marc Tarpenning, and Ian Wright. Profitable unit economics are an essential ingredient of pretty much every successful business, and the inability to make the unit economics work the reason for a huge numbers of failures. I don't know the LA market if you take New York, there is already an extremely efficient low-cost food delivery market where the vast majority of restaurants do take-out and various ordering services (seamless etc) are available and very frequently used. It's going to be extremely difficult to get good market penetration with unit economics that allow for a profitable business in the long term. A lot of people focus purely on an improved user experience (eg the magic of uber where you click and a car comes, and you just get out without paying at the end) but "disruption" of the established UX isn't enough - you need to provide goods and services at a price point where there is demand and yet somehow you still make enough to stay in business. Well every two weeks or so I get unsolicited mails offering to sell me very large databases of contact information. My standard is to just completely ignore these, but when I got nagged for the third time recently I sent them a (very intrusive but still legally entirely legitimate) subject access request to find out what they have on me, who they got it from and who they have sold it to as it was entirely without consent. Although PII is dealt with in GDPR, GDPR doesn't only cover PII, and it makes numerous references to the obligation on anybody who processes personal data (not just PII) with respect to security. For example "Personal data should be processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security and confidentiality of the personal data, including for preventing unauthorised access to or use of personal data and the equipment used for the processing." Here's the definition of a "lottery" under the uk gambling act "(2)An arrangement is a simple lottery if— (a)persons are required to pay in order to participate in the arrangement, (b)in the course of the arrangement one or more prizes are allocated to one or more members of a class, and (c)the prizes are allocated by a process which relies wholly on chance." There is also a complex lottery where the process begins with chance. This covers things like scratchcards where you choose which things to scratch off but which card you are given, and what is printed on the card is governed by chance. http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2005/19/section/14 Lotteries are one of 3 forms of gambling covered by this regulation, so in the uk at least it seems pretty obvious that lootboxes are gambling from a legal point of view. Lotteries are permitted for people older than 16 in the UK but it's an offence to allow a "child" (someone younger than 16 in this law) to participate ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2005/19/section/56 ) It's also an offence if your company to manufacture, supply, install or adapt gambling software without a license. So they could be liable from that point of view also, in the UK at least. edit: clarify one bit of wording Wagers on things which are part-skill and part-chance are covered by the definition of "gaming", which is one of the other forms of gambling in this law and seems like it was originally designed for games like roulette, poker etc. If the loot-box is designated gaming then the restrictions are no less severe and certain exemptions around lotteries wouldn't apply (so probably more severe). It's worth reading http://idlewords.com/2005/04/dabblers_and_blowhards.htm as a counterpoint to "Hackers and painters" They have rest and graphQL interfaces for all the functionality that isn't plain git. You don't need to use the github website. I use the graphql api to build a set of shellscripts to do all my pull request reviews on my terminal using vimdiff for example. I can then approve or reject things just using shell and not touching the web frontend at all. That's not what third parties means. Third parties means parties other than the service provider and the user. If the discussion here is bad, you definitely have played a role in making it so. Claiming people who disagree with your point of view are "deranged" is not constructive. Just using set notation doesn't make an argument precise. You are begging some questions in your definition here. For example, how do we know that a task solves a particular problem if we can't perform static analysis on it? It may give the appearance of working and then degrade radically under certain conditions. That really matters if you're using it for safety-critical applications and the problem space is large enough that it can't be exhaustively tested. In point of fact, that's not what happened in Madoff. There never were any investments made by Madoff's fund - his wealth management business was a fraud from the 1980s onwards. If it's big enough news to be covered by The Guardian (a major "serious" news outlet here in the UK) it seems it may be of interest given Tesla tends to be closely followed on this board. A car catching fire for no apparent reason while driving normally in traffic in an urban area could point to an important problem, do you not think? (sorry about length)TL;DR: Play to your strengths as a startup. You're exciting and offering something with potential. I would firstly look at what you have to offer that might be interesting to someone in their position. Since you've said "highly paid", I'm assuming that you're not able to offer them the same pay they might be on at the moment. Remember what's great about your company and play to your strengths. As a startup you should be more flexible than wherever they are now and therefore able to tailor things to that. Here are some ideas for things that could convince: 1)The opportunity to work on something meaningful, fun or cool. If your company has an interesting social mission or something cool, that can be convincing. I imagine Elon Musk finds it easier to hire people for SpaceX than someone working on tax accounting software might do (important thought that is) 2)The chance to make a really huge impact vs at a big company being a cog in a big machine. Lots of experienced engineers yearn for the chance to build something new because they've spent so much of their lives refactoring, tinkering with and otherwise improving parts of huge systems built by lots of other people. 3)Explosive upside in the case of success - having an equity or other incentive structure where people give up some comp today for the opportunity to really share in success can be a great incentive. (I know there are pros and cons to this and lots of strong views on HN on the whole equity comp thing). 4)The opportunity to work with really interesting people and learn new things can be a big incentive for really top engineers. If you or other members your founding team are genuinely exceptional, this will serve as a magnet for others. Likewise if you're using a cool new language, some interesting tech stack or whatever that could also be a draw. 5)Lots of people in big companies want to work in a more interesting environment. Cool offices, some work from home, not having to wear a suit, flexible working hours etc all could potentially convince people to give up a 9-5 grind somewhere else 6)Perks - ok so the money isn't as much but you get free food, beer, laundry, gym membership etc. This is usually more of an incentive for people coming straight out of university as more experienced team members might have families they want to eat with etc but that could work for some people 7)Personal growth - this ties in to some of the points above, but the chance to learn, grow and develop their career can be a really big incentive. Engineer #1 at a startup could end up being the lead engineer/cto/whatever for a big company one day and for the right person that potential trajectory could appeal. Finally two really important warnings: - Bear in mind fairness to your existing staff. If you go the extra mile for the new hire, consider the motivational impact if they are getting conditions that are materially better than your current crew have. It could be far better to offer everyone a new condition or whatever at the same time than to offer it just to the new person. So say the person has asked to work from home some chunk of the time etc, offer that to your existing staff or prepare for them to be salty. - Behave with integrity and be prepared to give up on "convincing" them rather than compromise on this. eg Don't say anything to convince someone you aren't 100% committed to following through on. Likewise, if someone feels you're sketchy in hiring you won't just lose them, you'll lose all their network of contacts also. A friend told me about being headhunted to run engineering at Theranos. He said Elizabeth Holmes said to him _in the interview_ that if he wanted, she would fire her entire engineering team so he could hire the team he wanted from scratch. That sounded so unethical to my friend he passed on the role. What specific frauds around MBS and CDOs are you referring to? Certainly some people did indeed see jailtime in the US due to fraudulent use of TARP money for example: https://www.channel4.com/news/factcheck/factcheck-how-many-b... Also several high-profile executives such as Angelo Mozillo settled for high fines and bars from financial services as a result of SEC enforcement. You can find some of the relevant SEC enforcement actions and their outcomes here https://www.sec.gov/spotlight/enf-actions-fc.shtml although that page appears a little out of date. There were to my knowledge prosecutions also for mortgage fraud etc but just in and of themselves ill-conceived securitizations constitute a fraud. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Your characterisation of the left and the right undermines your argument entirely. There are most certainly virtuous and unethical people on both sides of the spectrum. This article seems to ignore two of the most important reasons to choose one language over another. Specifically: 1)Expressiveness in the given problem domain. Some languages are really great in particular niches. 2)Availability of devs. The ability to hire and retain a really great team makes or breaks projects, and while a smart, motivated dev can learn any language, it's definitely a factor in their choice to work or not work with you. If you're in a niche language it will greatly affect the ability of people to use external resources (stackoverflow etc) if they hit blockers and some people will be reluctant to railroad their career into a tech that doesn't appear to be going to the mainstream. On the flipside, if you're lucky you may be able to get really passionate devotees of the language to work for you just to use the language where they might not have done it otherwise. The ones that I find most useful as a programmer are the text object commands. These go like i for "inside" delims and a for "around" (including delims>. The object name is very often a particular delimiter. So: want to yank what's inside some html tags? yit want to change inside round parens? ci( Want to delete the {-delimited block? da} (or da{}. likewise, yi' or ca" or whatever all do what you would expect. It's incredibly useful for a programmer because you don't need to move to the part of the line you want to operate on, so you can do like yypci" to copy the current line and edit what's inside double quotes. Vimcasts.org and "Practical vim" are good sources for this sort of thing. Not every startup needs engineers. Not every valuable business has an engineering problem at it's heart. VC is fundamentally about capital allocation - funds don't necessarily need scalable or innovative internal tech to do a really great job at this. I know a fund of 6 people with no particular tech skills who are killing it because they're really smart investors. There's a huge bias in the Valley (and obviously on here) towards hiring rockstar engineers and then trying to figure out problems to point them at. Isn't it way better to actually figure out a valuable problem first, and then hire the right mix of people (including engineers, but all the other skills also) to solve that problem? Just in case you think I'm anti-engineer: I have been a software engineer my whole working life. My father is a chemical engineer and his father was a mechanical engineer. I love engineers, but sheesh - not everyone has to be an engineer, and not all value is created by engineers. It's completely absurd that anyone would choose IBM or Oracle, but having heard first hand the sales pitch that IBM cloud give you I understand it a bit given that a lot of people with decision-making power don't have enough tech expertise to detect nonsense and FUD when they hear it. In my case, the guy spent half the pitch flat out lying to me about AWS and how Amazon charges etc. (sample lie "They basically don't let you transfer any data out once it's in the cloud"). I let him go for quite a while before I revealed that I actually know what I'm talking about and calling out his bs ("Gee that's pretty weird because I host quite a few servers in AWS and I'm able to get data from them just fine. I wonder how that works?") Many (and possibly most) guitar (and bass) tabs for songs are (unfortunately) wrong. Likewise very many chord boxes and often the chord names themselves are wrong. There are notable exceptions (eg "Standing in the shadows of Motown" - the transcription of James Jamerson's basslines is genuinely superb). There's really no substitute for listening really closely to music you really like and figuring it out for yourself. I have boxfiles of transcriptions I did and if nothing else, it improves your ear to the extent you get faster and faster not only at doing transcriptions but at learning music generally. To all the people saying Jack Ma is only winning because of govt intervention: Have any of you guys actually been on ebay in the last 10 years? The surprising thing is not that they got beaten in China, it's that they're still in business anywhere else. I have changed over to neovim for most of my editing, but the one thing I have found is that it seems much slower to start up. Pretty sure this is a bug they'll fix soon, and other than that it's really pretty great. I don't actually use the Terminal window feature, but there are a few things about it that I like: 1)Decent python2 and 3 support (yes both at the same time) 2)Getting the * and + registers to actually work seems less annoying than in regular vim (ymmv at least I don't have to rebuild neovim from source to get these). (check out :he quoteplus and :he quotestar if you don't know - these are awesome) The premise of this article that you assess people's honesty and reliability by ambushing them with a trick (heuristic which is opaque to them) expecting only certain responses to be "correct", is intrinsically dishonest and low integrity. Although I would like to think that I would often "pass the test" here, I would be extremely reluctant to work with anyone who had pulled any bush league BS like this. In my mind this is very similar to interviewing someone with a trick question/riddle/conundrum and failing them if they don't answer one of a specific set of "right answers" that only you know. It's a great way to feel smart by rejecting people but not a great way to discriminate between good and poor candidates. I'm not sure these really are particularly mysterious. The rock resonates when struck in the same way than bells do. This is true of glass, metal and some crystals obviously so it doesn't require any strange mechanism to work in rocks as long as presumably the rock has a particular consistency and shape and you can hold it in such a way that it can resonate without you clamping the vibrations. Musical stones or rocks are known in many places around the world. Here are some examples: Africa - http://www.namibian.org/travel/archaeology/musical-stone.htm... UK - https://www.neatorama.com/2007/01/28/the-original-rock-music... Stalactites often resonate beautifully when struck with a soft mallet. I've been in caves in France and in Africa where tour guides demonstrated this phenomenon. Here's a recording of music played on a rock sculpture specifically designed to be playable like a xylophone - https://www.amazon.com/Music-Stones-Stephan-Micus/dp/B000025... This one is pretty cool, because it explains how a particular set of musical pillars in India were constructed so they play a scale. http://www.phenomenalplace.com/2017/09/musical-pillars-at-ha... Anti-intellectualism is pretty strong in the UK too. For example in one of the defining moments of the Brexit campaign, Michael Gove was confronted by an open letter from a large number of leading economists saying how damaging Brexit would be to the economy and said “people in this country have had enough of experts”. Not sure whether you're serious, but leaking issues you find during diligence in order to buy a company cheap could well constitute unlawful disclosure of inside information, and therefore, market abuse. And obviously depending on where you are in the diligence process you probably would have had to sign an NDA, so you would be violating that also. The laws vary a lot by jurisdiction, but in Europe, the relevant regulations arise from the EU Market Abuse Directive https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CEL... and from a quick reread this information would be considered inside information, so this would be market abuse if the company was traded on a regulated exchange. I always start tmux using in a shell function like this tms () { session_name="${1:-sean}" tmux new-session -A -s "${session_name}" } What that does is create a new session or attach to one if it exists. This makes it really easy to detach a session or to log into the same session in multiple windows or whatever. I can pass a name for the session but if I don't it defaults to my name (so when I'm on a multi-user box my session doesn't clash with other people's). This makes it easy to have separate "work" and "personal" sessions or whatever. I think for "tmux new-session -A" to work you need a reasonably recent tmux but anything from the last couple of years or so should work. Don't think there's any connection between 5 eyes and immigration. The Five Eyes refers to intelligence cooperation between the major English-speaking nations. That arose directly out of them having been allies in WW2 and facing a common adversary (the Soviet Bloc) in the cold war. In WW2, they didn't have as deep collaboration with many other Nato powers because France was occupied and Italy and Germany were the enemy they were fighting. It was natural for this close cooperation to continue from there. > after the 2008 global financial crisis, in which several prominent financial institutions failed and millions of people lost their homes to foreclosure, only one banker was sentenced to jail time, and only for 30 months. Just because something bad happened doesn't necessarily mean there was a crime for which an individual can be sentenced to jail time (regardless of public outcry after the fact). Here's a list of SEC enforcement actions arising from the crisis https://www.sec.gov/spotlight/enf-actions-fc.shtml His book "Silence" is also really worth reading to understand his philosophy. https://www.amazon.com/Silence-John-Cage/dp/0714510432/ref=s... I would highly recommend Jon Harrop's "OCaml for Scientists" if you're interested in learning OCaml. It's a really awesome book. http://www.ffconsultancy.com/products/ocaml_for_scientists/ When I was learning OCAML and bought the book, Jon actually found some code I had posted on my website and sent me some advice about how to make it more idiomatic. He even rewrote the first one of my functions to show me how. If memory serves (I don't have my copy to hand) it focuses particularly on analysis and visualisation, and a lot of the examples are scientific in nature. It should and it does for me (ie it defines a one item string list, containing "[test]"). What were you expecting it to do? Well correctness is surely an important factor in whether or not mathematics is publishable, wouldn't you say? Necessary but not sufficient, perhaps. How do you feel about an "organic chemist"? Not a violinist but I used to be a professional double bass player and the issues are somewhat similar (actually worse on violin than double bass because the gauge is shorter and therefore the margin for error is less). Beginners do sometimes stick stickers on the fretboard, however these are generally not encouraged. Firstly if you're looking at the fingerboard while playing a violin your neck would be in a really bad position, so it would encourage a bad habit. To learn to play in tune, you train your ear (so you know what in tune is) and your proprioception (so you know where your body needs to be in space to make the instrument be in tune). Secondly, the difference in area between the note being beautifully in tune and sounding awful is really small, so in order for a sticker or visual cue to help your head and the instrument would have to be in exact alignment at all times and even then you may not be able to see. This is made much worse by parallax. When playing the violin even if you are looking at the strings, you are looking down the fingerboard towards the nut rather than across the fingerboard like in the case of a guitar, remember. Thirdly, if you're looking at your fingers you're not looking at your music (which you need to when you're a beginner) or your conductor or fellow players (as you need to when you're actually performing). In what sense do you mean a pirate version of C or C++? The languages are not subject to a license and therefore cannot be pirated. The ISO/ANSI standard is a copyrighted document, but that doesn't mean the language is copyright. There are proprietary runtimes and toolchains and if you're using a proprietary toolchain or runtime without a license then you are indeed violating copyright in exactly the same way as anyone doing this with any other sort of software. That's not what we're talking about Oracle doing here to users of Java. I remember that the border around the screen was one colour, but if you used interrupts you could change the colour half way through the TV's scan so you could produce a "horizon" with one colour at the top and another below. I wrote something that would do this, but it used to crash randomly for no apparent reason. This would be competing against the existing internet though, where there are a lot of for-profit companies fuelling the content (for the consumer). If I'm a business I need to decide whether to back a scrappy startup infrastructure with no users or to go with the established internet with a vast potential customerbase. If I'm a user I need to decide between the existing internet with vast swathes of content and huge numbers of different services and this new network with better protections for my privacy but basically none of the above. The early internet was innately disruptive and extremely different from anything that was there before. This doesn't have that advantage as far as I can see. Index funds are (slightly below) average by definition. The index itself defines the average (it's the benchmark that all funds use to measure performance), so a fund perfectly tracking the index has almost zero alpha. The "almost" is whatever fees the index fund charges, which lead the funds returns to be slightly below the average if they otherwise track perfectly. Edit: Just to add, by the above definition, where you take the total return on the index as the average, most investors do significantly worse than average, a few do a lot better than average and investors in index funds make almost exactly the average. That's not what that wikipedia article says. Do you have a source backing up your claim? The article says that they have immunity from civil prosecution for claims arising from procedural abuses in initiating a prosecution and in stating the state's case. That doesn't sound at all the same as "complete legal immunity". By my read of that sentence, if they commit a crime, they are still liable to criminal prosecution - you just couldn't initiate a civil prosecution against them. Step 4: Since I'm going to die at some point anyway.... You've given some good examples of nesting which don't introduce branches, but most nesting does and therefore, nesting is an approximation for the cyclomatic complexity of a piece of code. Reducing this complexity helps with testability and (moreso) with the ability of humans to understand the code https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclomatic_complexity Agree with you that reducing nesting is not in and of itself beneficial. That's a very strange response. This is an article about Linux specifically. The author tags the article with Linux and mentions that it's part of a series of articles about Linux. It's not in and of itself a bad idea to have articles that specialise in a specific unix flavour. Secondly, SIGABRT will cause the process to abort and dump core, will it not? That would give you a userspace stack trace (if you load the core into a debugger) whereas this is how you get the kernel-side stack trace of a still-running process. I don't know of a way to get the kernel stack trace of a process in a cross-platform way. Is there such a thing? This is not necessarily how things work (source: am a C-suite exec now and was in my previous role too, although not any company nearly as big or important as Google/Alphabet obviously). Think of shareholders like voters in a not-very-well-functioning democracy. They hold ultimate power, but don't get to vote on things that often and certainly not on every decision. So their power gets exercised on big lumpy things like restructuring the cap table or executive appointments. Big shareholders may well be informed or even consulted about big decisions though, and have informal opportunities to make their general feelings known by meeting senior management. If the shareholders are unhappy they might orchestrate a rebellion and block executive comp or vote on some independent board members or whatever. The board is like the legislature in a parliamentary democracy. They are accountable to the shareholders because they are appointees, so if the shareholders don't like what they do they can give them the boot and appoint someone else. Likewise they can fire the executives if they need to, and also get a vote about a wider range of issues than the shareholders. They therefore have more direct control than the shareholders, but its still not at a very granular level of detail typically. Or if they are going super granular on one topic they are really zoomed out from everything else (and giving the executives more latitude in those areas). So I have been at board meetings where there is a 100 page board pack and the entire conversation has revolved around a microscopic discussion of one page, with everything else being skipped over. Then the c-suite are like the executive branch. They deal with the day to day and actually have to get things done. On a daily basis shareholders and the board will generally leave them alone unless things are going poorly (in which case the eye of sauron is on you). So hopefully it follows from that model that you actually have a lot of leverage as an executive and a lot of latitude to make decisions within a general strategic direction that has been agreed by board and shareholders. Secondly, shareholders are not a uniform blob of faceless avaricious beasts who care only about profit - institutional shareholders will have their respective shareholders and issues like reputational risk etc to consider. As an exec, you can often use credibility you have built up to persuade them of a particular strategic direction and they may or may not give you leeway depending on how much you have delivered in the past etc. This is exactly how it works in the UK and has been since the 70s. Likewise Sikh officers in the police and military are exempt from wearing regular helmets also. It's really not that big a deal, and a good example of how the balancing of different considerations around religious tolerance can occur in a liberal democracy. It's not a situation which I personally support, but in the UK (which is the example I gave) there is no separation of church and state. The head of state (the queen) is also the head of the official church, and various religious figures are granted automatic membership of the upper chamber of the legislature. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Separation_of_church_and_state... My quick googling (eg http://www.religioustolerance.org/sep_cs_can.htm ) says that Canada has no equivalent to the "Establishment Clause" in the US constitution, and also doesn't have a strict separation. Having someone else manage merges into the stable kernel branch isn't new. In the old kernel dev model (circa 2.x kernels) after the first few patches in a new stable kernel, Linus always used to delegate stable maintenance to someone else (Alan Cox) so he had more time to work on the experimental branch. So Alan would maintain 2.0 and Linus 2.1 for example. That's appalling. I wish I could offer more than mere sympathy but I'm truly horrified by this. I believe they are actually so named because the instruments they originally invested in (primarily derivatives) had previously been for hedging positions in cash markets (ie markets on the underlyers) and "hedge funds" were the first funds that just used these "hedge instruments". They always used them primarily for speculation though, not primarily hedging. +1 "It's gonna Rain" is completely terrifying. Also "Come out to show them" in a similar way. I remember very vividly the first time I heard both of them and it's giving me goosebumps just thinking about it. Steve Reich came and did a workshop with us when I was doing my degree (based on "Electric Counterpoint") and it was fantastic. You've got me listening to "Different Trains" now.... In what sense was the 2008 crisis anything to do with scientific consensus? I'm not sure I follow that. The tech ecosystem in Berlin is pretty diverse. It doesn't need an SV firm to come in to do that or to give access to facilities and other resources. I have 2 problems with this line of argument that I haven't really heard anyone address in a useful way. 1)While abundance certainly reduces value (by creating oversupply), scarcity can't in and of itself create value if there isn't demand. Say there is only 1 original Sean Hunter painting in the entire world. Since there are 34 Vermeers, it should be worth more than a Vermeer, right? Well no. Vermeer was much much better at art than I will ever be, so noone is ever going to want to own anything I paint. 2)While there is a finite supply of BTC, there is a limitless supply of alternative altcoins, and no barrier whatsoever to entry, so people can keep creating them. Since these can be made functionally identical to BTC, why should BTC retain value through scarcity? It's not doing anything that can't easily be done via another altcoin. In my quick test it seems it depends enormously on the quality of Linux support for your graphics card. If you have a graphics card that DXVK works for then you are in business. Otherwise, not so much. I don't have personal knowledge, but my understanding is that timeseries data in the oil industry is insane scale. Think 10s or 100s of wells in a field, sensors at regular distances in every well each taking multiple readings (temperature, flow etc) on a sub-second cadence. And a big oil company will of course have many fields. It's in the same league as timeseries data in financial markets, which I have more direct experience of. Financial timeseries data probably has more metadata (trade/order flags etc) but in terms of raw data it's similar. I'm amazed by how far off-base they have managed to make this. The recommendations are bizarrely inaccurate. 1)it says that my (black) text doesn't have sufficient contrast against my (white) background. 2)It says that my page could benefit from having more of its resources served by http 2 (more than 100% presumably). 3)It says that links should have a name (this is not supported by html5) 4)It says my (100% valid) robots.txt file is not valid 5)it says my 100% no javascript static webpage which isn't a PWA should return a 200 when offline. Not sure how they think I should do that. How do you know there's not even a thought of an antitrust trial? People who would know would be prevented from discussing it in a public forum, so it's not going to be in their press releases. Who are you alleging is corrupt in the above? Is the DOJ corrupt because you believe they have access to Facebook's "data firehose" (as far as I am aware, they have to subpoena data per investigation, just like anyone else). Is Facebook corrupt for complying with a legal data access request? It's really easy to make vague conspiracy allegations - please make some actual provable claims and ideally cite some sources for them. Yup. To the extent I use gsuite, I use it with a yubikey for authentication. Not sure this is true. Just yesterday I had to explain to an average user how ddg was answering a query they couldn't get answered in google. This was a really basic thing (finding the NYC office address of a company we were working with). For some reason Google just wouldn't return the result whereas it was top hit on ddg. It's as bad if not worse if you have decision-making power at a place which is hiring and therefore are a client or potential client. For example, I (reluctantly) agreed to have coffee with a recruiter next week. I'm not looking for a job - he wants to be put on our preferred supplier list. So now he sends me an email - he wants to have a quick catch up call before we meet for coffee. Since I think having coffee with him is a total waste of my time, how do I even begin to think about a pre-call for the coffee? I've actually just said no to both things. I'm pretty good at it. There is a huge appetite for content and editors are constantly chasing the latest fashion in an attempt to gain readership. If you're a journalist it's much easier to get a piece picked up by an editor and published if it's in tune with the zeitgeist because then an editor is more likely to think it will capture peoples' attention. I've come to the conclusion that the news/attention cycle is partly an emergent phenomenon explained by stuff like this. This means you get pretty big swings from one thing to another as editors chase each other to jump on the latest bandwagon and journalists push stories to every outlet they can find. Add to that all the PR agencies, fake think tanks, spinmasters etc who will write pieces for hire and generally tip the scales (for a price). So if you have a particular angle to promote, you hire one of these companies, they write stories, op ed pieces, publish "research" etc favourable to your angle and give them to friendly journalists who pretty much just put their name on the byline and submit the story. For people in the UK, Star Castle in the Scilly Isles is worth a visit http://www.castlesfortsbattles.co.uk/south_west/star_castle.... If you like short fiction, I really recommend "Little Expressionless Animals". It's not as much of a complete head-scrambler as some of his other short fiction. If you like journalism, some of his pieces on tennis are astounding, eg "Federer as religious experience" or the one where he follows some guy who's worked his ass off his whole life and is one click below the top tier and will probably never make it (forgotten that one). If you like criticism, "E unibus pluram" (on TV) and "Fictional Futures and the Conspicuously Young" (about postmodernism, irony and the whole clique of people around Brett Easton Ellis) are both outstanding. For novels, he only wrote 3 (as far as I know) and they're really great. I personally read "Broom of the System" first because I like reading things in order (I've done this with a number of other authors I like). It's a really cool book, very funny and not quite as huge a commitment as "Infinite Jest". So don't feel you have to start with Infinite Jest, you really don't. It's great though, as is "Pale King". Had he lived to complete "Pale King" I think it would easily have been his greatest novel, but in the state it was published in, it's still outstanding. Oh yeah I forgot. "Supposedly fun thing" is hillarious, as is it's predecessor, "Getting away from already being pretty much away from it all". +1. Students at my father's engineering class at another uni allegedly dismantled a lecturer's car and reassembled it inside their lecture hall. In the US Google is often referred to as part of the "big 3", but my understanding is GCP is globally in 4th place behind AWS, Azure and Alibaba cloud. Alibaba is extremely dominant in South-East Asia and if you're doing any work in Indonesia, and Malaysia in particular which have "data sovereignty" regulations, they are the only game in town. AWS and Azure have some inroads (both have AZs in Japan, Korea, Singapore, HK and mainland China) but GCP is nowhere distinctively interesting (unless you want to do something in Taiwan I guess?). So at least if you're trying to roll out in Asia there's really little reason to even consider GCP. You'd go Alibaba if you want the dominant regional player and AWS or Azure if that's what you use everywhere else. The only one in South-East Asia that AWS and Azure don't have is Taiwan. My point is they are trailing, so they need to do something more than having the same locations as the others. They need something distinctive to have any sort of edge. I'd treat the specific questions here with a grain of salt but directionally the emphasis on making sure you inform yourself about the things you care about is good. I wouldn't expect that asking questions of the prospective employer is the best way to inform yourself about a lot of things though. A lot of devs for example could use some advice about options, how they work and what the tax consequences are when you receive or exercise options. Your prospective employer really can't give you this advice in any credible way - you need to seek it out independently and do your own research. Some of the specific questions are not great depending on cultural context. For example if someone joining my dev team asked me to pay to ship their car somewhere I'd ask them why they needed a car to code. But I'm in London, where having a car has marginal/negative utility versus being essential in other places. On the equity side, if someone asked these questions I'd know they don't understand equity. What would really help is to see the cap table so you get liquidation preferences etc but you're not going to get to see the cap table most places if you're just going for a dev job. As it is, he says you might not get told the strike price on your options, which in many/most countries your employer would be legally obliged to tell you as it's part of the valuation of your comp for tax purposes. People just love to find things to complain about. There are a number of great options: 1)Get a different phone or keep your old phone. Noone's forcing you to use one without a headphone jack. You could even use an older iPhone if innovation frightens you in general and you're happy with your old setup 2)Get/use an adapter. THey're not expensive and sometimes come with the phone 3)Get/use headphones with the new style of plug. You could probably use some new headphones as they get pretty janky over time 4)Use wireless. In lots of ways it's objectively better. Yeah you may need to get used to a new thing, but being good at adapting to change is an important muscle to exercise. Honestly every time there's innovation there are all kinds of complaints, especially on here. "Why do I have to change to USB-C? I'm fine with my old peripherals" (well your old computer still works with your old peripherals and if you want to use a new computer there are adapters). "Why do I have to change to wireless headphones?" (you don't. Your old phone still works with old headphone jacks and there are adapters) The idea that older people are completely unable to handle plugging a headphone adapter in but are somehow able to plug a headphone jack in is just bizarre. You can just pretend that the adapter is part of the cable with the headphones and always keep them together. Absolutely scary amounts of the information associated with private wealth management is still paper-based. Secondly, banks have huge internal complexity of systems and limited ability to coordinate people. Whether or not DB were doing this, it's highly likely there is a lot of evidence. George Soros is very open publicly about what he wants to achieve. If you read "The Open Society and its Enemies" by Karl Popper, that's the intellectual foundation of what Soros is shooting for. THat's why his foundation is called something like the "Open Society Foundation". So: Democracy, scientific reasoning, strong institutions etc. He has been extremely critical of the large tech monopolies (eg his Davos speech covered here and elsewhere https://www.theguardian.com/business/2018/jan/25/george-soro... ) so it's no surprise that Facebook would do "opposition" research on him. Facebook has a very large pavilion and visible presence at Davos so the criticism must have been particularly embarrassing in that context. 100% right. They don't respect do not track because they don't believe they have to, it's in their interests not to, and they don't behave according to an ethical framework that would lead them to do things that contradict their direct short-term interests. The prize will go to the first person to build a full von Neumann machine using Google One and Coke Zero. Because everyone is busy, and the users probably always were busy. The thing to figure out is why they were using pinterest before but now they aren't. That means what's changed is now it's not enough of a priority to use vs other things in their busy lives. The next interesting "why" question is not "Why are you busy?" but something like "Why isn't pinterest valuable enough for you to use, given that you are busy?" If you want people to use your product, you need to focus on things you control (making the product more valuable to users) rather than shrug your shoulders and give up at things you can't control (the fact that your users are busy). > What was the permission dialog like, really? Does anyone have a source for this? There have been studies on Facebook's permission dialog and its lack of usability, and it's hard to escape the conclusion that it was deliberately designed to make it hard for users to understand. It has been improved several times over the years. For example http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.183.... (from 2010) which discusses how permissions dialogs are not designed in a way that allows users to easily understand permissions (using Facebook as one example) https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2078843 (from 2011) which found that Facebook users were unaware of the extent of 3rd party apps' data access even after viewing the permissions screen. https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/blogs/techftc/2015/05/usabil... discusses usability concerns around permissions dialog boxes in general so it's been on peoples' radar for a while as an issue. There's a reasonable amount of published literature on this type of thing. For example in the case of Parkinsons https://news.nationalgeographic.com/2018/01/smell-sickness-p... Most strategies have a finite "capacity" and if you attempt to invest more than this, the returns dry up. So if you have lots of assets to invest you start to be forced to invest in your 10th, 100th, 200th best idea, rather than just your top 1-5 best ideas. This is why it's very hard to sustain performance as funds grow. The reason people with big funds are focussed on growing their assets under management is they get an annual fee for assets under management, and this is therefore more reliable than the "outperformance" fee that they also charge. As a few other people have said, a great manager sees their job as ensuring your (and your team's) success. A poor manager sees your job as ensuring their success. Everything else flows from that. Bill Campbell famously called this "the right kind of ambition". Right ambition sees personal success as a byproduct that arises from success of the team and the overall mission rather as a worthy goal in its own right. Part of ensuring the team's success as a manager is however being able to empathize with the team but not always doing what they (think they) want - this sometimes means having the courage to make horrible decisions that you know to be correct rather than make you popular and then communicate them in a non-weasely way. It doesn't help you sleep at night but it does help you to understand next time you read "Of Mice and Men". The final point is help your manager by being as resourceful and positive as you can be, and making sure they know when there are things that are blocking you that you need their help on because you can't fix them by yourself. Food safety inspectors have an official remit to do this that is enshrined in statues and local laws. You don't get to just decide for yourself you will shut down some restaurants on a freelance basis. Interviewing, writing up interviews, teaching people how to do interviews, doing candidate feedback meetings where you sync up with other people who interviewed... Probably the surprising thing is how _few_ orders they have lost. My understanding is that this is because it is very very difficult for an airline to change from Boeing/Airbus to Airbus/Boeing. They need to retool their whole supply chain and retrain all their ground staff and pilots. ...but several airlines are talking about it. Notably American https://airlinerwatch.com/american-airlines-eyes-airbus-a321... and United in the US https://airlinerwatch.com/united-airlines-considers-airbus-a... are both considering replacing old Boeing planes with Airbus. Random specifically doesn't mean it's less likely to be the last choice you picked. At least if we're talking uniform random which we should be here. It means the last choice you picked is exactly as likely as any other choice. 2 person adversarial games with hidden information (eg poker or RPS) exhibit a "Nash equilibrium in mixed strategies". That is, the best strategy involves a random selection between choices with some probability weights. Since RPS is a very simple game, the weights are equal, so the unbeatable strategy is to choose between rock, paper and scissors with uniform probability on each round taking no account of what you or the other player have played before. Any other strategy can be exploited to the extent it deviates from pure uniform random choice (eg trivially the classic "play the thing that would have beat the thing which beat the winner of the previous round" strategy in RPS which you can use to reliably destroy children at the game). Games with complete information (eg noughts and crosses, chess, go etc) have "pure strategies" (ie randomness is not required and there should always be an absolute best move in any given situation which you should pick 100% of the time). Here's an intro to the concept of Nash equilibrium in mixed strategies http://www.econport.org/content/handbook/gametheory/useful/e... Edit: In case it's not clear, the hidden information in RPS is the opponent's move. Whereas in chess you are either starting the game or you know what the opponent has done, in RPS you move simultaneously with the opponent, so don't know their move. Well firstly, congratulations! This is a fun and interesting opportunity to grow as a human being. You will make mistakes and learn a ton. Your most important job is to be an enabler/force multiplier supporting the success of the team. 1) Make sure the team fully understand the goal and are directing their efforts at the simplest possible way to achieve the objective. Engineers are famous for spending time on bikeshed arguments that don't matter and making heroic efforts to do interesting wrong things rather than boring things which lead to success. 2) Related to the above, but try to ensure that people are pointed at tasks which enable them to grow while still leading to team success overall. This is an incredibly interesting optimisation problem that will occupy your mind and hone your judgement. 3) Act with absolute integrity. Don't succumb to the temptation to weasel out of tough situations. If you've made a mistake, own up to it. If something is hard, say it's hard, but don't use that as an excuse to not take the important decisions you need to take. You got the title now you need to do the job. 4) Your poor verbal skills are going to be present some challenges but here's some specific tips - always start with a verbal conversation whenever you can (even if doing so makes your skin crawl) and immediately follow up by email setting out specifics and allowing them to comment. This prevents all kinds of misunderstandings and ensures you are in complete sync. The harder the conversation, the more important you do it face to face first - Learn some patterns which help to ensure people don't misunderstand key conversations. - Start with the important part and state it as plainly as possible. - Don't attribute intentions, but talk about impact. Say "When you do x, the effect on the team is y and that's bad because z", not "you're always x, I think that's because a b c". - Be as specific as possible about what your expectations are and what people need to do to fix things. eg "I need to see x by Friday and if that doesn't happen, the consequences will be y". - If you're giving someone a verbal warning or other feedback that could lead to changes to comp, affect future promotion or lead to dismissal _make sure the person can not possibly be in any doubt as to the gravity of the situation_ even if it seems heavy-handed. I have started conversations with "thanks for coming. We need to talk about something that will affect your future at Yoyodyne Inc." and follow up with an email ccing HR. 5)Following on from that, don't surprise people. They should always know whether they are doing well, poorly, what they need to do more, less of, what your expectations are etc. Don't assume they know. I always assume people can read my mind and they really cant. 6)Think strategically about your team and how they can be even better than they are: more/less/different people, more/different support and interaction with other teams, fewer meetings wasting time/more investment in getting in sync preventing time wasted doing the wrong things. 7)Think strategically about your people: What they like/hate doing, what they are good/poor at, where their blindspots are, what the right next step should be for them. Getting good at this will make you into a superhuman zen master of a manager. 8)Read "Managing Humans". It's fun and you'll find it helpful, and I consider Rands (Michael Lopp) to be a friend so you'll be giving him a small royalty. 9)Get really good at interviewing and learn from your hiring mistakes. You're looking for people who add to your team which means not everyone is going to have the same strengths and weaknesses. Try to think about where the gaps are and what the missing jigsaw pieces look like. Recruiters will try to influence you to hire someone who looks exactly like the last person they placed with you. That leads over time to a team who all do and think exactly the same. The fact that you understand the job of a developer is great. Try to avoid the easy temptation to play up "us vs them" ("team" vs "management" or "product" vs "sales" or whatever) and instead help your team to see how their work fits into the broader mission and how the work of non-technical colleagues (eg salespeople) is important too. Finally: Having stuff in common with your team is completely unnecessary and often unhelpful, leading to groupthink and bro-management nonsense in the worst case. As you grow your team it should become less and less of a uniculture over time anyway. I make it a rule to seldom if ever socialise with my team- their downtime/drinks/whatever can be spent moaning about me and blowing off steam if they want. I'm not trying to be people's friend- this can be very uncomfortable and as the power dynamic widens can lead to lots of very difficult situations that are best avoided entirely. "Multi-level storage system having a buffer store with variable mapping modes" (1972) mentions caching. The term doesn't require explanation in the paper so was obviously in reasonably wide use already https://patents.google.com/patent/US3820078A/en "Sequel: A structured English Query language" (1975) https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=811515 "Vertical Migration for Performance Enhancement in Layered Hardware/Firmware/Software Systems" (1978) describes how to do live/live migrations behind load balancers. https://www.computer.org/csdl/magazine/co/1978/05/01646957/1... All of these technologies is way older than you think. For what it's worth, I used to work for GS and was in the algorithmic brokerage business for 2009-2010. One thing a lot of commenters on this thread are missing here is this isn't the same as an HFT or hedge fund, this is the brokerage business - executing orders on behalf of GSs clients, who are largely institutional investors, hedge and pension funds etc. The real-world impact of increased speed of execution by brokers is less money left on the table for HFTs to snap up and less slippage to the actual economic beneficiary (ie the actual retail investor or pension fund investing people's money gets a better trade). I'm not a current employee, but at the time that I was, they did have a small unit who did pseudo-HFT on a prop basis and various electronic market-making businesses, but they were all firewalled off from the people who did brokerage business. We didn't share code or information with them and for obvious reasons they had no ability to view client order flow, unexecuted orders etc. Likewise people in the high-touch (ie voice) execution business couldn't see anything in the GSAT business even though they could use our algos to execute orders if they want to. My understanding (could be incorrect) is that their quant trading business (what they called their 'HFT' shop, although it wasn't really high-frequency compared to real HFTs like Winton, Knight, Jump, Citadel or whatever) was probably going to get shuttered as they moved out of proprietary risk-taking generally, but I don't have any information either way. In GSAT at the time, compared to others on the street our tech was pretty sophisticated intellectually but not fast (eg we didn't have ultrafast marketdata, our exchange latency was quite high and our execution algo speed was pretty slow) and so we had to do a lot of smart coding to prevent ourselves being ripped off by actual HFTs given they could move so much faster than we could. There's a lot more to HFT than reg NMS by the way, I was working in London, so we did all the GSAT trading on European exchanges none of which has anything crazy like reg NMS and there was still HFT shenanigans of various kinds that people would try (eg timing arbitrages if they could see that you had different execution speeds on different venues etc). I don't think that's the case at all. 1)Trade surpluses and deficits are an accounting measure that give a sense of the balance of your economy but cutting your trade deficit (or increasing a surplus) is not good or bad in itself. In spite of a lot of focus on these measures by the current US administration, economists as a whole (and therefore most non-US economic policymakers) take the view of Adam Smith, who said in "Wealth of Nations" Book IV, Chapter 3, that “Nothing, however, can be more absurd than this whole doctrine of the balance of trade.” ...and therefore don't target the balance of trade in their decision-making. 2)These days most high-value products have complex supply chains and therefore exports are for the most part made up of components which are themselves imports. So even if you want to affect the balance of trade just devaluing the currency would not work the way you seem to think. 3) It seems to me you would want your currency to be cheap relative to others if you had assets in foreign currencies and debts in your sovereign currency. However typically most countries run a budget deficit and therefore have to issue new debt. If your currency is depreciating, on an on-going basis you can buy less and less hard assets with the currency that comes from issuing new debt because your currency is devaluing relative to other currencies which are also chasing those same assets. The word "continuous" here is used (incorrectly) to mean "contiguous". "Continuous" means ongoing in time (as in "continuing"). "Contiguous" means "touching on a boundary". So a "contiguous data structure" is one that "occupies a single chunk of memory and its contents are stored in adjacent memory blocks." Continuity would only really mean anything for time-series data. OK well "contiguous" is more specifically applicable here at least. If you search "Continuous data structure" on ddg for me it auto-includes results for "contiguous data structure". I hate linkedIn and will leave it the minute it is no longer required for my professional work. It wouldn't surprise me if others feel the same. 1. My linkedIn connections include hundreds or possibly even thousands of people I have definitely never opted in to linking with. I don't know where they came from but I remove them at a rate of at least 10 or 20 per day and never seem to run out. 2. LinkedIn suggests connections derived from underlying data that are really scary from a privacy point of view. Eg for a while it kept recommending I connect with a person who I have literally no digital connection with whatsoever, no connections in common etc and the only way they could connect us is that we used to live at the same physical address. So it knows my address history and his. 3. I wish I could just automatically unconnect with anyone who reshares motivational posts by Oleg Vishnepolsky. This guys posts drive me absolutely crazy but the trite nonsense keeps infecting my feed because someone will reshare his thoughts about what makes a good boss or whatever. Just no more Oleg Vishnepolsky. 4. I have definitely seen the fake profile catfish thing attempted on LinkedIn. Presumably other forms of scams that have infested other social media are also growing. For people who are only familiar with the sad decline of this company, HP computers used to be great . I learnt to program on an HP-85a. At the time, my friends had ZX80s or ZX81s with 1k of RAM. My HP-85a (my dad's really) had an insanely massive 32k. It came with really great manuals which taught you to program in basic, a built-in screen, magnetic tape drive and thermal printer and was fantastically engineered in general. The HP12c financial calculator is legendary. There are HP12c still running on their original battery 30+ years after production (the original battery now no longer permitted for non-military applications due to toxic chemicals and what-not) and the legend goes that a zookeeper once accidentally fed one to a hippo (he had been using it to calculate how much feed to give it or something) had it travel through the whole digestive tract of the aforementioned beast and had it still working. My two HP12cs have each been running for 10+ years on their original batteries even though they are using the inferior modern battery technology. I could go on but you get the point. > Someone recently flew a jet-powered "hoverboard" across the English channel.That thing is powered by several large model aircraft jet engines. It's much like the Hiller Flying Platform of 1954. Not sure the Zapata "flyboard" is fully consumer-ready. The inventor lost two fingers flying an earlier version. https://www.core77.com/posts/89748/Franky-Zapata-Crossed-the... If you look up a definition of lexical scope, you'll typically see something like this (from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scope_(computer_science)#Lexic... but others are similar). "With lexical scope, a name always refers to its (more or less) local lexical environment. This is a property of the program text..." So as local lexical environment isa property of the program text, lexical scope is explicit in the language's syntax. Value at risk is a probabilistic upper bound on the loss. See for example: https://www.risk.net/definition/value-at-risk-var "It is defined as the maximum dollar amount expected to be lost over a given time horizon, at a pre-defined confidence level. For example, if the 95% one-month VAR is $1 million, there is 95% confidence that over the next month the portfolio will not lose more than $1 million." The trend to do ever more sequels, prequels, reboots, other stories in the same universe etc has a really awful side-effect that everything is always explained . There is no mystery in any of these things that won't eventually be explained in full and therefore no gaps left for the imagination of the viewer to fill in. The original Matrix film in my opinion would be significantly more interesting if all the loose ends hadn't been conveniently tied up in subsequent films. Imagine if we hadn't seen how Anakin became Darth Vader? As a kid I imagined a much more terrifying journey that turned him to the dark side. The prequels could never live up to that. Edit: ...and on the other hand, imagine a "Duel" prequel where we get to see the truck driver's backstory. Consider how dramatically this would reduce the stature of the original film. (p.s. If you haven't seen "duel" you should). > Why is one of the largest core open source repositories centralized and private? Why are we so dependent on AWS, Google and others for large chunks of Internet services to be accessible? > There is a deeper question here than just the outages; but rather why they affect so many people. The answer to these seems so obvious to me perhaps I'm missing something - Outside the centralized services the solutions are fragmented (ie the decentralized solutions are used by a lot of people but are not large by definition). I use my own Linux virtual server (as it happens, not in AWS although I have no anti-AWS beef) to host my private websites and my git repos. There are a million services that do this kind of hosting and people use all kinds of solutions like this. You will never hear about my private git repo being down because only I care when that happens. There are positions in chess that have been disputed for decades or more which are just now coming alive because of the ability of engines to analyse lines. The thing that's interesting about high-level chess is how players play out particular strategic themes that result from known positions (eg initiative vs material, the open H file for white in the London system vs not being able to castle kingside, play in the center versus counterplay on the flanks etc etc etc). My recommendation would be watch a really good game analysis like Agadmator's youtube channel. One like this might be fun to start https://youtu.be/vztVylqnBSo or one of the Capablanca vs Lasker games. Alternatively John Bartholomew and Eric Rosen have fun channels where they play and commentate on their thought process. The obvious counter-example to the claim that less code means fewer bugs is kdb/q. It is an extremely powerful and terse language but you can write an astonishing density of bugs per line of code. The time of validity and how hard it might be to build a profile are not factors in whether or not this is legal under GDPR. Here's the actual text from GDPR on pseudonyms and synthetic keys of this type[1] > The principles of data protection should apply to any information concerning an identified or identifiable natural person. Personal data which have undergone pseudonymisation, which could be attributed to a natural person by the use of additional information should be considered to be information on an identifiable natural person So PII that has been pseudonymized (mapped to a gid in this case) is protected in exactly the same way as if it had not been if the pseudonymized data could be mapped to a natural person by the use of additional data. The pseudonym (gid) is itself also considered PII under gdpr. [1] https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CEL... That's not how the bond market works (for the most part). Lots of bonds (including some risky bonds) price above par but will have a correspondingly low interest rate such that their yield is in line with other similar bonds. Bonds have a face value (which you get paid at maturity) and a coupon (interest payment calculated as either a fixed percentage of face or as a spread over an underlying rate * face)[1]. Both of those components matter to investors and factor into the so-called "yield to maturity" of the debt. The bond price dropping means that the secondary market is demanding a higher yield to maturity on the debt. The main drivers of that price are the underlying risk-free rate of interest (which compensates investors for the difference in utility between having cash now and having cash in the future and essentially arbs out between all the different risk-free or near-risk-free instruments they can invest in) and the credit spread (which compensates them for the likelihood of default and arbs out with other instruments of similar riskiness and the prices of things like CDSs). In the 1yr T-bill example, almost all of the price discount you are quoting is about the risk-free rate of return. So say the rates were at 4% when a 10yr note was issued, we are now in the final year and rates have gone up since then, then the price of the bond would drop so that investors get a yield-to-maturity on this bond that is approximately the same as other instruments of equivalent maturity. The WeWork example is going to be driven by the credit spread - how likely WeWork's is to default and how much investors would be likely to recover in that event. The price going down is to do with the credit spread widening and therefore investors demanding a higher interest rate to compensate. [1]I'm simplifying a lot here given all the weird and wonderful types of bonds you can get. > The correct way would be to standardise DoH and DoT and add support into it into automatic address configurations and operating systems. This is beside the point. Mozilla make a browser. They don't make the address resolution code for the underlying operating system. Operating system vendors are of course going to start to support DNS-over-https. You can disable dns-over-https if you don't want it enabled. Just go to about:config and set network.trr.mode. to 5 ...unless you disable it. However you can configure firefox to use your pi-hole if you can get it serving dns over https. If that's not supported now I would expect it becomes supported very soon. How do you imagine apple will remove an option from mozilla? One option would be to worry about mozilla turning off the ability to disable this if they ever actually do that. It is. I just never use the settings screen. See here for how you toggle it, including screenshots. I would expect that the new version will be similar. https://www.zdnet.com/article/how-to-enable-dns-over-https-d... Edit: I've just checked and there is the ability in the settings screen to set a custom DoH provider. So once your pihole can do it you can set it there. That's a really strange comparison. You know that mozilla has an agreement with cloudflare under which cloudflare has agreed not to log dns queries right? 1)Since the agreement is about processing of this data it really doesn't matter whether you have a contract with CF 2)You don't need any contractual relationship to have GDPR apply to processing your data. If you're a European data subject then GDPR applies to any processing of your personally-identifiable data whoever is processing it and wherever they're doing it. If you're not a European data subject then GDPR would only apply if the company was a European company or if the processing was happening in Europe. All these settings are stored in ~/.mozilla/firefox/ So for me the trr mode is stored in /home/sean/.mozilla/firefox/k3dmofx7.default/prefs.js That's not accurate. The part that I think is causing you some confusion could be this section of chapter I > (23) In order to ensure that natural persons are not deprived of the protection to which they are entitled under this Regulation, the processing of personal data of data subjects who are in the Union by a controller or a processor not established in the Union should be subject to this Regulation where the processing activities are related to offering goods or services to such data subjects irrespective of whether connected to a payment ...so if you're offering any goods or services to non EU citizens who are in the EU but you are a non EU company, GDPR still applies if the processing relates to offering them goods and services. Note however: > (22) Any processing of personal data in the context of the activities of an establishment of a controller or a processor in the Union should be carried out in accordance with this Regulation, regardless of whether the processing itself takes place within the Union ...and... > (24) The processing of personal data of data subjects who are in the Union by a controller or processor not established in the Union should also be subject to this Regulation when it is related to the monitoring of the behaviour of such data subjects in so far as their behaviour takes place within the Union. So monitoring of EU data subjects by non-EU companies and processing data relating to their activities in the EU are definitely covered by GDPR even if you don't intend to offer them goods and services. Text above quoted from the English text of GDPR as at https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CEL... That's the maximum fine. The fine that would be levied in a particular case would be dependent on the circumstances of the case. > Due regard should however be given to the nature, gravity and duration of the infringement, the intentional character of the infringement, actions taken to mitigate the damage suffered, degree of responsibility or any relevant previous infringements, the manner in which the infringement became known to the supervisory authority, compliance with measures ordered against the controller or processor, adherence to a code of conduct and any other aggravating or mitigating factor. The imposition of penalties including administrative fines should be subject to appropriate procedural safeguards in accordance with the general principles of Union law and the Charter, including effective judicial protection and due process. The problem is this reduces herd immunity and radically increases risk to people who for medical reasons are at high risk already and can't have vaccines for one reason or another. No crashes here and I use it all day pretty much every day. They only real negative in my view is the startup time which is noticeably worse than vim for me. Advantages I see are - unix clipboard and middle mouse pasteboard both work out of the box without having to recompile (ie "*p and "+p and the corresponding yanks just work) whereas on vim for whatever reason I always have to rebuild my distro vim and faff about with terminals for ages - the substitution preview thing above is really great - the "terminal" window type which I don't use much but a lot of people do - the fact you have native support for python3 and python2 plugins simultaneously. Don't even want to think about how many goats had to be sacrificed to build that feature but it's cool - the ":checkhealth" diagnostic screen that gives you useful info to allow you to easily fix any problems you're having with terminal and plugin setup It's really ironic that you adopted such a sneering tone in your post and then tried to gatekeep what does or does not belong on HN. This is an elegant and simple formulation of the problem and shows how bad SQL is at this. However, you can do this in SQL. with recursive bacon_movies as ( select a.id as actor_id , 0 as bacon_degree from actors a where a.name = 'Kevin Bacon' union select r1.actor_id , b.bacon_degree + 1 as bacon_degree from bacon_movies b join roles r on r.actor_id = b.actor_id join roles r1 on r.movie_id = r1.movie_id and r1.actor_id <> b.actor_id where b.bacon_degree ...not saying it's a good way to do this Very frequently top executives get substantial portions of discretionary compensation in the form of shares, restricted stock or options. So things which depress the stock price affect them personally. This is said to help create alignment between management and shareholders because management are shareholders. Short sellers have a vested interest in the price going down (they've backed that view with their cash by selling short after all) so their incentives are diametrically opposed to this. Now, does the share price going down hurt a company? Somewhat, in that it's equity is less attractive so hiring people with options etc is going to be more expensive (people will value cash more) as will fundraising. Things like acquisitions become harder and more expensive too. But it honestly doesn't affect the company to the extent that would justify the obsessive attention that some CEOs seem to give it. That all being said the classical view is that short sellers facilitate liquidity in a stock for when people want to buy and overall this should reduce volatility. All of the above is assuming no market manipulation by the short seller (eg spreading malicious falsehoods about a company in an attempt to drive the share price down). This is something that is often alleged, but when you look at CEOs who say this, they frequently have the opposite tendency to positively spin things in order to send the stock price up. Not a biologist, but there's nothing that novel about 3 sexes as such. Some fungi have thousands of sexes[1] for example. The way I heard it explained is from an evolutionary point of view there is selection pressure towards either 2 or very large numbers of sexes. Very large numbers of sexes means it's very likely that when 2 individuals meet they can sexually reproduce (whereas if you have only 2 sexes half the time they cannot). Say there are 100 sex types of a species it might well be that 80% of random couples could sexually reproduce together because there are far more compatible combinations. On the other hand, evolutionary pressure towards 2 sex types comes from specialisation. It's very helpful for the gamete to either be large and full of food for the developing embryo or to be small and fast to win the race to fertilize. Once the process of specialisation starts, the largest "foodie" gamete and smallest "fast" gamete tend to beat out all the others so you end up with 2 sexes one of which produces eggs and the other sperm. [1] https://earthsky.org/earth/fungus-sexes-chromosomes-thousand... For people concerned with Firefox's use of cloudflare, it's very easy to configure an alternative DoH if you have one you prefer. You can do so via network prefs or about:config (the key is "network.trr.resolvers") A PhD will make close to zero difference to the quality of job you get, so if you're thinking that an MSc will get you a boring job but a PhD would get you an interesting job that's absolutely not the case. I speak as someone who has had a long and fulfilling career in software engineering in spite of having a music degree, and knowing people with strong quantitative PhDs doing very boring work. (I would say they aren't "stuck" other than in their own perception however). It's on you to find yourself interesting work though - PhD or no, it's not going to land in your lap. Secondly, it's definitely not the case that if you don't get a PhD now you'll never get one, however in all likelihood it will be much harder later on. In my experience, people's responsibilities and commitments (personal and work-wise) grow constantly and it only gets more and more difficult to find time for things in future. It sounds like 9 months doesn't give you a PhD, 9 months gives you potentially the opportunity of a PhD. So it's a theoretical minimum and when you're looking at this, you should calculate on the PhD take longer. Be wary of sunk cost. Having invested time in getting an MSc, it's easy to think "9 months isn't that long given how much I've done so far" without thinking through whether the goal is worth achieving in itself. tl;dr: Get a PhD because you want a PhD. Probably don't get a PhD thinking it will make some sort of difference to your job prospects. You don't "just get" an emoney license. When you apply for the license you sign up to a bunch of regulatory scrutiny most of which seems to be antithetical to this kind of project.[1] The UK financial regulators are not dumb and have thought this through. [1] Specifically here are details of the emoney regulations if you're interested https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/electronic-money-payment-instit... a)I'm sure that's not true b)I'm sure that's not a helpful comment in this context No great fan of docker and on a train with a demo laptop and no way to install it to test, but I would expect that > docker-compose --env-file /dev/null will get it to not read a .env file. Will test later/tomorrow. That's not really accurate. Grace Hopper created the FLOWMATIC language (which was the immediate ancestor of cobol) because she believed that computers should be programmed using something closer to natural language than machine code, and COBOL was made to be business-oriented but it was not created for business people to use. The concept of a "user" of a computer who was not an expert in computing would have been quite strange at that time (1959). A good place to start would be use a modern COBOL web framework, such as COGS http://www.coboloncogs.org/HOME.HTM That error message is annoyingly weird but is more to do with tryhaskell.org than haskell itself. Lots of programming languages which have a strict type system (eg Rust) deliberately choose not to coerce types even when a type conversion would mostly work so the developer chooses the set of types that get used. GHC is a little better. GHCi, version 8.4.4: http://www.haskell.org/ghc/ :? for help Prelude> (div 6 2) + 1.0 :1:1: error: • Ambiguous type variable ‘a0’ arising from a use of ‘print’ prevents the constraint ‘(Show a0)’ from being solved. Probable fix: use a type annotation to specify what ‘a0’ should be. These potential instances exist: instance Show Ordering -- Defined in ‘GHC.Show’ instance Show Integer -- Defined in ‘GHC.Show’ instance Show a => Show (Maybe a) -- Defined in ‘GHC.Show’ ...plus 22 others ...plus 18 instances involving out-of-scope types (use -fprint-potential-instances to see them all) • In a stmt of an interactive GHCi command: print it You aren't Chris Okasaki by any chance? "Purely Functional Data Structures" is one of my favourite CS books btw. Just mind-expanding. I would add that in the beginning, a number of crypto libraries (I'm looking at you in particular, openSSL) made a design decision to support a huge variety of algorithms, options, modes of operation etc. This makes it very difficult to test the full functional surface of the software and means you just have to write a very large amount of code. Some of the modern libraries take a different approach where they deliberately limit the functionality to a few select things that can be implemented easily (thinking nacl, libsodium, boringSSL etc here) and which guide the user towards sensible defaults that work rather than having huge numbers of levers to tweak, only some of which arrive at a secure and supported solution. Yes they do sometimes. Agree with everything except the ancient grains bit. While it does not in itself mean anything (good or bad) in terms of personal nutrition, buying heritage or unusual food strains clearly helps improve biodiversity in our food supply (because there is an economic incentive to produce those strains) and is generally good for resilience - if the major commercial strains become susceptible to pests and diseases there are others to fall back on. The lack of such diversity in certain food crops (eg bananas being one of the worst examples) is of concern as it makes our food supplies fragile. An interesting fact is that disaster relief agencies use how quickly waffle house is back up and running as an indicator for how badly hit a region has been by some natural disaster (hurricane, flood etc) because their disaster preparedness is so good. Some details here https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/1168860400319946752.html and elsewhere. They clearly take planning seriously. Why do you say that it requires significantly more resources? Running a public recursive resolver has never been something to take lightly - keeping your resolver immune to DDoS, cache poisoning, general security bugs (depending on which DNS server software you run) etc has always been a major undertaking. > Facebook didn't share your data with Cambridge Analtyica; your friends did. Facebook was just the medium. Facebook shared data that people had shared with their friends with Cambridge Analytica. That's not remotely in dispute - both Facebook and CA have admitted that. CA used Facebook's API and Facebook's servers gave CA the data. People's friends didn't share that data with CA. Debate around any technical merits of the Libra proposal is entirely beside the point. An extra-governmental currency owned and run by a consortium of big businesses from the payments and data monetisation industries is an intrinsically terrible idea and Facebook couldn't be trusted to do this in a responsible and ethical manner even if it were not. The fact that the app doesn't prevent you from doing this doesn't make it ok to do. It's pretty likely that borrowing and trading on the basis of nonexistent collateral is securities fraud. I'm not an expert eg I haven't even done series 7 but I did the comparable securities certification in the UK some time ago and exploiting this "glitch" to trade using leverage without real underlying collateral would almost certainly be considered fraud in the UK irrespective of whether the app allowed it. In the UK regulatory regime Robin Hood would likely also be liable for different reasons. Dealbreaker (fwiw) seems to agree with me - its strapline for this story is "Press X, Y, Down, Down, Left, Y, X for what has to be securities fraud." https://dealbreaker.com/2019/11/robinhood-has-a-securities-f... I think a broker or marketmaker has in the order of minutes to bust a trade that is "clearly erroneous" and it has to be immediately reported. The exact time period varies by exchange but for example for nasdaq it's 30mins for some trades and 60mins for others https://nasdaqtrader.com/Trader.aspx?id=ClearlyErroneous For the exchanges I'm more familiar with (in Europe) it's less. The criteria for clearly erroneous trades are incorrect price, size or security though so I don't think this would qualify. Most likely scenario here is that there is an investigation into fraud and that any gains here get forfeit but users are still required to make good any losses. Separately I would expect RobinHood gets a hefty fine as well. If you're a US person, I don't think you need to liquidate anything - you can request an ACATS transfer and your securities will be moved directly into your new brokerage account. This is a service run by the NSCC so I think would apply to all brokerage firms. My hardest ever bug to debug was a core dump deep in the guts of some nasty c++ code. What's so hard about that? Just load the core dump into a debugger! Well loading the core dump into the debugger caused the debugger to dump core... I'm not sure why you think your hypothetical changes the fact that facebook actually did share the data with Kogan (and thereby Cambridge Analytica) in the real case, and blaming the "friends" avoids responsibility by the actors in this case who provided the medium and those who knowingly exploited it. "We have a responsibility to protect your data, and if we can’t then we don’t deserve to serve you. I’ve been working to understand exactly what happened and how to make sure this doesn’t happen again. ... Given the way our platform worked at the time this meant Kogan was able to access tens of millions of their friends’ data.... This was a breach of trust between Kogan, Cambridge Analytica and Facebook. But it was also a breach of trust between Facebook and the people who share their data with us and expect us to protect it. We need to fix that." - Mark Zuckerberg as reported https://qz.com/1234956/read-mark-zuckerbergs-full-facebook-s... and elsewhere) You could as usefully blame yourself for sharing anything with your friends - after all if you had not done so, they couldn't have shared it with someone you didn't like. "He who would keep a secret must keep secret that he has a secret to keep" as Goethe wrote. It's certainly conceptually possible to design a system without facebook such that your friends share data they shouldn't. The real world also works in this way - people are indiscreet and share things which were told them in confidence. In the real facebook/CA case, the friends did not knowingly share their network's data with CA, they did a personality test quiz set by a social science researcher. That quiz used the facebook API to grab data on the social network of everyone who participated which was then sold to Cambridge Analytica by the developer. Given that facebook's privacy settings have been the subject of studies in UX "dark pattern" design (eg https://fil.forbrukerradet.no/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/201... and elsewhere) it seems unreasonable to consider this 3rd party sharing to be consensual. That's not true. People's friends had no relationship with CA. They ran an app by a third-party (Aleksandr Kogan) which harvested the data and then he sold it to CA. This example would seem to directly contradict your statement https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-41766991 "Twitter bans RT and Sputnik ads amid election interference fears" Yeah similarly I use inoremap jk I'd love to see a source demonstrating that vegan diets are more destructive to children than candy and pop. As to your assertions around protein and iron, this is a commonly-held belief that is partially correct, but based on a fundamental misconception about how diet works. Your body doesn't make protein directly using dietary protein. It digests protein in the diet into amino acids, which are transported through the bloodstream and used those amino acids to make protein. As long as you have a balance of all the essential amino acids in your diet it doesn't matter where they come from. Animal protein sources are "complete proteins" (ie they contain all essential amino acids). Although there are complete protein sources that are vegan (eg soy), most vegan protein sources are incomplete (they contain some essential amino acids but not others), so vegans need to be more careful than non-vegans. However as long as they have some grains and some legumes they are getting all the amino acids and will be fine from a developmental standpoint. For example, see https://www.verywellfit.com/vegan-protein-combinations-25063... Likewise, there's also no reason for a vegan diet to be deficient in iron or anything else, but again, it's necessary for vegans to be a little more thoughtful than meat-eaters to ensure this. See for example https://www.everydayhealth.com/anemia/anemia-risk-for-vegans... They are pronounced "wakka" and "wakka" respectively. HSBC admitted negligence. The cartels liked working with HSBC so much they even had secure money boxes made that were specifically designed to fit through the hole in HSBC branch teller windows. There are tons of references online, but these are some: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-12-12/hsbc-mexi... https://www.theguardian.com/business/2012/jul/17/hsbc-execut... https://www.foxnews.com/world/hsbc-knowingly-helped-mexican-... Commercial real estate is a very active, competitive and generally well-understood business. Not sure WeWork would have insights over and above say Regus given that WeWork were not able to build a sustainable business at the pricing levels they had. So while we have a price point for flexible co-working rental it's not a level which allows for profitable unit economics. We don't (publicly) know whether the clearing price does or what that price is and neither do WeWork. Someone like CBRE or Regus might though. There's no way of knowing whether or not he violated laws or whether there's a case against him at this stage. The purpose of the NY AG investigation is literally to establish whether there's a case and the purpose of a hypothetical subsequent trial would be to establish whether in fact he violated laws. You don't get to just say that as a postulate. It's a fascinating design, but "Why?" is the question that leaps to mind. Once you get above a certain mass it just seems really beneficial to have a design that is stable at rest. (I'm speaking as someone who has had to pick up heavy motorcycles which have fallen or been knocked over a few times) So what's the benefit of a Gyrocar to compensate for that? A motorbike has the benefit of really dynamic performance coming from the ability to lean in to corners etc, but it seems to me that this thing would work more like a tricycle (ie no countersteer or lean) because the gyroscopes would keep the body of the car level. Well, sir, there's nothing on earth Like a genuine, bona fide electrified, six-car monorail. However I was more specifically referring to the "normal" gyrocar design which doesn't run on rails and is essentially (if I understand it correctly) a large motorcycle with the body of a car and an extra drivetrain powering a spinnig gyroscope on each side to keep the mass from falling over. Yeah exactly. The spinning parts at rest as well as the rest of the vehicle. Having to have a wheel descend to stop it from falling over makes you wonder why not just have that wheel there all along? I suppose you could have a kick stand or something but those get a bit sketchy if the thing is heavy (which it would be) and getting it to level initially could be challenging. +1 for The hard thing about hard things. Definitely the book that helped me the most when I first found myself in the position of being in change. Yes. It is not in any sense fileless. > > people might be reluctant to jump through the precise hoops you've laid out for them. > > Garbage. What 'precise hoops'? Might be worth asking yourself whether "Garbage" is a worthwhile contribution to the discussion here. In this thread you stress that you have "a perfectly open mind" and yet when people disagree you seem to take it extremely personally. As a (perhaps overly cynical) outside observer it feels that "kubernetes X abound" for all X. There's just such a complex ecosystem of tooling evolving here. I'm not supporting their views at all. You said someone's comment was garbage, I asked whether that was a constructive contribution and you assume from that that I'm taking sides here, which is an example of what I'm calling "taking it personally". Civil and open dialogue on HN is important. We can disagree about things without using dismissive language of that kind. They probably specifically don't say that to avoid potential copyright issues. Depending on jurisdiction (I'm thinking specifically UK and EU here) you can't actually say that about a competitive product without encountering problems. That's not exactly true or at least the truth is often a lot more complicated than that. For example: Turnham Green tube isn't at Turnham Green. It's at a park called Acton Green common (which also isn't in Acton, it's in Chiswick). Turnham Green (the actual green) is actually closer to Chiswick Park tube, which is also near a park which isn't called Chiswick Park. Turnham Green tube station is named that because it's where the battle of Turnham Green happened in the English Civil war. I heard that one of the Russian words for a train station comes from a misunderstanding. When a Russian delegation came to London to see the Victorian train network they were taken to see Vauxhall station. They asked what it was called (the station) and were told "Vauxhall", so in Russia stations are called "вокзальный" which sounds something like we in England would say Vauxhall. They are more common at public companies, but a company doesn't need to be publicly traded to give people RSUs. Conversely, a public company can pay in options rather than RSUs (or both) if they want. Source: Work for a non publicly traded company and have RSUs not options, previously worked for a publicly-traded company that issued RSUs and options as part of comp Looks really cool, but this statement > Nota approaches identifiers much differently than any other language. is not actually true. Goldman Sachs have an internal language, Slang, which also allows internal spaces in identifiers, and where identifiers are case insensitive. I believe it originated as an MIT research language so probably there are others with a similar approach. Precisely this. Responding with integrity is vital and shows that you care about the long-term wellbeing of the client and relationship rather than simply maximising short-term gain. I don't know ReactJS so the below is just generic advice. That said there are a few solid starting options that I have used at different times in my career: 1) start with tests - reading existing tests, adding tests, fixing tests which fail etc. Any of these should really help give you some threads to unpick to get started in understanding the bigger picture. I don't think I've ever seen a dev shop where an old hand would turn down a PR review from a new engineer who was adding new test coverage. 2) start with backlog - try implement some dusty feature from the backlog that has been sitting there for a while. One place I worked I started with "Convert 100+ functions from deprecated format A to new shiney shiney format B". Another was "fix the thing which isn't compiling on new platform X". Another was "fix the millions of warnings we get when we turn warnings on". These are really unimaginably boring tasks in and of themselves, but focused me on a few different things which are useful to know early (how to push a PR, how tests work, how the build infrastructure works etc) and get you started contributing something useful right away. 3)Start with infrastructure - I like the suggestion which someone else has made of getting the app to run locally. I would extend that to fixing a piece of broken dev tooling. If you're infrastructure-minded, this can be a nice way to start and win you some goodwill with other devs. Don't think you need to understand everything to make a big contribution though. A lot of coding isn't about being an expert it's about putting in the work. Observe code reviews, see what gets merged and in particular make sure you understand and take on board why PRs get rejected/resubmitted. One thing to bear in mind is you're going to be a bit of a tax on your colleagues while getting up to speed. Help them (and yourself) by making your PRs shorter and simpler initially to make sure you're on track. (eg in the example above, don't do 100 functions in one pr, do one, submit it, ask for feedback, then do more). oh also look at the repo history to know who the real major contributors are. You don't want to waste these people's time, but buying them the occasional coffee and asking good questions can be worth its weight in gold. `git shortlog -ns --no-merges` is worth looking at. Yes. Except in his dream the lyrics were "Scrambled eggs, Oh my darling you've got lovely legs..." Once I learned that my enjoyment of the original was greatly enhanced. I took it to mean that smart people sometimes have low-status jobs, and conversely people in high-status jobs are not always smart. That's definitely something I have personally experienced given my career has taken me from working as a building labourer and factory worker through to being a C-suite exec, with stops through the trading side of investment banking and Silicon Valley on the way. It's a huge mistake to look down on and make assumptions about someone just because they have a "bad" job. Vital in the sense that this is one of the opportunities life gives you to either demonstrate greatness or be a bit of a weasel. If you aspire to be more than a weasel you can find a little bit of Cato inside yourself, take what seems in the short term to be the tough road and respond with integrity. As far as VCs and investors are concerned, I have seen all sides of that coin. There definitely are VCs and investors who are always and only out for a quick buck and others who think long-term, act with integrity and respond positively to it in others. In my experience the more you can surround yourselves with the second type the better your life will be, although as a public company, Boeing doesn't have that much opportunity to pick its investors. Apple specifically uses biometric authentication (faceID and their fingerprint thing) except when the device is first powered on. This is (at least partly) because of US legal rulings that allow LEOs to compel you to provide a fingerprint and similar biometric id but cannot compel you to provide a password. My understanding is that the Capital One breach didn't involve any secret information known only to Amazon employees. CapOne had a misconfigured firewall and allowed public internet traffic to servers which were not hardened and got compromised. The person behind the breach happens to have previously worked at Amazon, but it wasn't a rogue Amazon employee breaching an AWS customer. He doesn't seem to understand tags and links in evernote. Evernote can absolutely be structured as a flat graph in the way that he describes as a big benefit of Roam. That said, as a long-term evernote user, I've been wanting to leave for a while and move to an OSS/self-hosted solution. It might be joplin but my few attempts to use it I haven't yet had enough time to evaluate whether it would be a viable long-term solution. Edit: I'm also seriously considering just using https://github.com/Alok/notational-fzf-vim and only doing note-taking on my laptop (not on mobile). It's extremely fast and basically zero friction. This would have a slight downside in that I quite often want to consume notes on the go so I may need to find an option there (eg serve my notes up using a private server or something). I don't use files, I use tags. I have 2 notebooks to differentiate notes that I want synced to my mobile devices, but really that's not needed. You can tag any note with multiple tags and then use saved filters to always find notes which are in a given tag. All of this used to work a lot better (evernote search has been getting consistently worse) but it still works fine. I use it all the time. My vimwiki dir is the main thing that I search using notational-fzf - they work great together. Because it's easy to add later and you probably don't need it at the beginning. For one, taskwiki, which if you use task means you have a great way to bang a checkbox in a vimwiki file and have that create a task. MY company uses outlook so I sync the outlook calendar to khal using vdirsyncer. I then can use a (really janky) vimscript function of my own devising to add the calendar and some standard stuff to a "daily note". So I go ww and it creates a note for the day and adds my calendar and then I use that for all the basic notes for the day. vimoutliner for when I absolutely want an actual outliner to do some planning. It's not always the right tool, but when it is, it's great, and it integrates perfectly with fzf. The other thing is that because notational-fzf is just doing a fuzzy find over text, I point it at all my sourcecode dirs for immediate jumping to particular files, functions etc in sourcecode. Yes. DF shows that with a complex simulation, emergent behaviour is enough to make for a very compelling game experience. Similar dynamics are at work in other simulation games such as rimworld, factorio and oxygen not included (obviously not in the fantasy genre). However I do think having a human involved could sometimes make the DF experience better by tipping the scales in favour of a more fun experience rather than what DF players call a "Fun" experience. For example, recently I built a beautiful fort. Everything was working great and all my idiot dwarves were happy. Fluid dynamics worked slightly differently from my expectation and confusion around the presence or absence of a wall caused by the tileset meant that I went to fill my well I had a whole river running down through my base and slowly filling it up from the bottom with no accessible top entrance remaining. I had the choice of letting my guys drown or a massive grind to fix the problem during which probably 2/3rds of my base would have starved to death and/or gone into a tantrum deathspiral. I chose to just stop and start a new fort. An experienced human DM could well have decided to essentially change the rules of the simulation and thereby given me some out that allowed me to rescue the situation through heroic effort and sacrifice and get back on track. This is the problem with pure emergent behaviour from complex simulation. There's lots of interesting stuff that can happen, but you can paint yourself into very boring corners also and the simulation doesn't care about that. Firstly she was not a diplomat so it seems difficult to claim diplomatic immunity. Secondly, the US have already established a precedent that seems very relevant to this where they claimed that a foreign national did not have diplomatic immunity relating to a much less serious traffic offense https://autos.yahoo.com/owner-of-beverly-hills-laferrari-doe... It's very convenient to think it's a myth or to think that the only way you get to extreme productivity is to be a cowboy, but I have personally seen that it's not the case. Obviously this is just an anecdote, but I have worked with at least one freak productivity monster so I know they can be real. At one of my employers we had a very large and highly skilled dev community and being quant-biased, we tracked code checkins over time, number of tests written, number of pushes to production etc. I was very proud to be about number 3 or 4 out of about 1000 devs on these productivity metrics consistently over a period of 8 years there. There was one guy however who literally dominated. Not only was he number 1 on any metric, but he did more checkins than the number 2, 3 and 4 devs combined. He had so many checkins that eventually our glimpse code search index whitelisted his userid because it thought it was a keyword in the language. And it wasn't that he was a cowboy, he was obsessive about code quality, fixing bugs etc and also was top if you looked at test coverage etc. He was just a flat out machine - every day he would just come in and code all day whereas I have spurts of productivity with downtime etc. He didn't seem to need to be intellectually fascinated by a project and was just as productive at the beginning as at the end of a project - one of my colleagues joked that this guy's interest level in any project was always 83% ("Almost but not quite very interested") no matter what it was. He was very skilled and just churned out massive amounts of code all day every day. He never fell into the classic engineer's trap of overcomplicating things - in fact a lot of what he wrote was very simple when you looked at it (and I think that's part of what made him so good - he had a brilliance for finding really obvious, simple ways of solving hard problems) and because he wrote tests for everything he didn't really need to go back and or refactor things much. This guy was also top in terms of the number of FAQ entries written to help people. In fact he wrote the FAQ system itself and also wrote a right-click plugin so if you rightclicked on a question in chat it would auto-search the FAQ. Faster is not necessarily better here. My HP-12Cs have been going on their original batteries for more than 10 years each now, but I expect a faster processor would mean shorter battery life. Firstly, do give timely feedback to the person after the candidate. They may not realise and we should always seek to help others to self-improve. Ideally this should be non-judgemental and impact-based. Maybe something along the lines of "Hey there, in that interview when you pressed for an alternative solution it didn't appear you were giving enough consideration to what the candidate had provided. If you alienate a prospective candidate, we damage our brand and don't just lose out on hiring them, we lose out on hiring any smart friends they may have." The idea is not to attribute intent but just to focus on impact. Read up on "non-violent communication" if you want practical pointers on how to do this. Secondly don't be a jerk but see this as an opportunity to show your character. To quote the Enchiridion of Epictetus: "Provoked by the sight of a handsome man or a beautiful woman, you will discover within you the contrary power of self-restraint. Faced with pain, you will discover the power of endurance. If you are insulted, you will discover patience. In time, you will grow to be confident that there is not a single impression that you will not have the moral means to tolerate. " This is something I personally really need to work on (seeing adversity as an opportunity to discover and reinforce resourcefulness within yourself). +1 story is definitely not true. Knight was a marketmaker and definitely not a retail broker. Source: used to work in algo trading for GS, so this was my job, also had friends at knight during this debacle.x You're misreading because the sentence is unclear possibly because the author doesn't know much about market structure. The NYSE program was to provide improved pricing to retail investors through retail brokers. The people who provide the pricing to the retail brokers were market makers like Knight, Jump etc. You didn't have a brokerage account with Knight, your broker would trade in the market and Knight would take the other side. See below thread, but Azure + Enterprise services + server products are reported as "Intelligent cloud". It's intelligent cloud that has the $48bn run rate. So it's not a like-for-like comparison with AWS even though it doesn't include Office365. I think the parent comment relates to a different subject. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22288440 specifically. What about 27? It has an odd number of factors but isn't a perfect square. I think your reasoning fails for x^y where y is an odd number > 1. Aah you're right. Thanks. It's a decentralised solution joining would-be serial sex offenders with potential victims. (Only partially joking) The externalities of the existing taxi licensing systems are not perfect, but removing even the quasi-accountability of a corporate entity like Uber seems worse. Usually what people mean by mostly sorted in CS is that there is some small K such that each element in the input is no more than K places from the position it would be in if the input was sorted. Well you could extend the definition to allow a small number of items which are entirely out of place. The point is that the right sort algorithm depends a lot on tthe distribution of input data and how much you care about worst-case vs average case trade offs. Would be trivial except for the fact that they don't issue certificates. A much better guide would be to just follow Dieter Rams' 10 principles of good design, which can be found here [1] and elsewhere [1] https://www.designprinciplesftw.com/collections/ten-principl... I would think an ACATS transfer should be available for any registered US broker. That would not involve selling and re-buying. They aren't that unusual on an absolute basis but relative to the number of orders in a stock they are quite rare (iirc - it's been a while since I was directly involved in this). This is a cool project btw - I'm looking for my first chance to really sink my teeth into rust so found it interesting. A few non-rust observations (you probably know all this but kept your orderbook simple which is totally cool but just in case): An actual order book has a "tick ladder" which specifies which price points are valid for a given ticker on a given venue. This means you actually know all the possible prices ahead of time. If you ever wanted to productionize this you could probably take advantage of that and make a custom data structure that used the fact that you had all the keys preset and did the insert and lookup in O(1). Secondly in real life the matching logic is quite a bit more complex because of order flags and venue logic. If you're just covering US venues you don't need to worry about venues because of Reg NMS but anywhere else you'll want the order books to actually by venue and symbol not just symbol. Order flags interfere with matching in a number of ways. Firstly a normal limit order will partially match up to the limit and any remaining quantity will sit on the book waiting to be matched. You can flag the order as "fill or kill" to say fill the whole order or nothing and you can flag it as "immediate or cancel" to say don't put any remaining quantity passively on the book. There are many other order flags but those are probably the most important ones for matching. Secondly on many venues orders can have an iceberg order type which means that only the "tip" quantity gets shown on the book but they will actually match up to a larger quantity at that price. Finally you can add a "minimum executed quantity" on any passive orders to prevent pinging (information leakage). This will only match with incoming orders bigger than the MXQ, so messes with the normal price, time ordering. Orders behind that order could match first potentially. MXQ is more important for dark venues or order types so maybe you don't need to consider it. That seems very strange. Because they are licensed by the UK FCA under the "emoney regulations" I think you should be able to take the case to the financial services ombudsman if you are a UK client, have made a complaint and they haven't resolved it to your satisfaction. Most other European countries would have a similar setup. Whenever anyone wants to talk to Paul Graham about writing I always wonder whether they've read any of his works, because since writing "On Lisp" (which I think is great) he's been in a death spiral of self-importance. Let's take a recent example (from [1]): > Though no doubt correct, such statements tell the reader > nothing. Useful writing makes claims that are as strong as > they can be made without becoming false. > For example, it's more useful to say that Pike's Peak is > near the middle of Colorado than merely somewhere in > Colorado. But if I say it's in the exact middle of > Colorado, I've now gone too far, because it's a bit east > of the middle. This is deeply pedestrian writing you could be proud of if English was your second language and writing was not any sort of job but as written it reads like that boring father-in-law who collars you at a family picnic and insists on telling you (even though you know) about what a frequent flyer programme is and about that time 15 years ago when they hit silver status. It's a very unfair comparison, but if you want to read amazing technical writing, try reading "Everything and more: A compact history of Infinity" by David Foster Wallace. Or contrast PG's essay with Umberto Eco's "How to write a Thesis"[2]. It's hard to escape the conclusion that PG's writing would not survive a double-blind test where someone didn't see his name attached. [1] http://www.paulgraham.com/useful.html [2] It's a whole book but is excerpted here in a format that bears comparison to PG's essay https://thereader.mitpress.mit.edu/umberto-eco-how-to-write-... You are most welcome. I'd be somewhat surprised if crypto exchanges supported all the same stuff I mentioned - it's based on my history on equity exchanges and I'd expect crypto to be different. Anyway the way MXQ and pinging works is imagine you have an orderbook where passive orders are not visible to other participants (ie the venue is dark or you have a grey venue where some orders can be flagged as dark). It's possible fro participants to pay to learn what orders are in the book by making some very small aggressive orders and seeing where they match. In the world of equities this would be buy 1 share agressively, sell 1 share agressively with a limit in each case. This is called "pinging" because it's like ICMP ping discovering whether hosts are alive. The concept in crypto (if it applies) would be the smallest quantity the exchange allows you to buy or sell. Assuming the venue supports it, you can prevent your dark orders matching these pings by setting an MXQ. If your MXQ is 100 say, they would need to buy 100 shares for your order to match. You would set the size to a point where you don't mind giving up the information about where your order level is because the match is meaningful enough. I don't see this at all as related to oversupply of solutions and talent. It's a darwinian structural feature of many of these domains that a very small number of winners will beat out all other solutions, and if the problem is valuable a large number of candidates will compete for the chance to be a winner. Likewise with talent, roles are not fungible. If I'm engineer #5 at one of 100 photo-sharing startups that's a totally different proposition to being engineer #500 at one large photosharing company. A different sort of candidate is going for that second role and you actually need somewhat different personality and skills. That implies a really different competitive dynamic as well. Orangutans are crazy smart. Wild orangutans in Borneo[1] have been known to observe humans and copy behaviours such as rowing canoes, using tools and even helping humans with chores such as laundry. [1] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFACrIx5SZ0 Yes indeed. In fact people often use things like Sobol Sequences https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sobol_sequence Yes but this (sometimes/often) means you actually need less paths in your MC simulation and therefore makes it faster overall. Obviously depending on what you're trying to simulate and what the underlying stochastic processes are etc. I guess my point was there are often legitimate uses for things that are random-like but far from crypto random. I think it's likely to be a product of internal incentives and how these create a culture. I would be prepared to wager than it's much easier to get a promotion by working on a new hot thing than on maintaining or improving an existing thing. Scroll forward a couple of years and you have a reputation for just abandoning existing things rather than improving them, because people individually maximise their own career advancement by migrating off difficult maintenance and improvement projects on to "new hotness" projects only to abandon them again later for an "even newer hotness". Small organizations have an immune system that rejects bullshit like that but as orgs grow they institutionalize and it becomes harder and harder for them not to succumb. Keste on the corner of Bleeker and Morton in Greenwich Village in NYC. It's fantastic. It's made with Irish whiskey. It's pretty definitely more Irish than bratwurst. I have an example. In a previous role was in a position where we were negotiating a large-ish (>1M USD) multi-year contract when our client asked us to also do a proof of concept about some topic. It was just 1 week or 2 weeks so I said it would be free but because of various regulatory stuff we needed a contract in place. I was dealing with the same purchasing lawyer on both contracts. The process was super-standard: someone sends a first draft, the other side redlines (proposes changes and makes comments), then the first team redline, etc, at some point you all compromise a bit and someone makes a clean copy of the document containing all the agreed changes for everyone to sign. So we got to the point we had all agreed and the purchasing lawyer on the other side produced the "clean copy" but he obviously thought we were a bunch of rubes so he produced a clean copy for us to sign by backing out all of our changes and only putting in his changes. This is a ridiculously low-integrity bush-league stunt and he did it on the zero-cost POC contract while we were still negotiating the >1m big contract. Some people just want to win so bad it doesn't even matter to them that they are being total assholes, the prize is zero and it's outright harmful to their own interests. I bet he cheats when playing his own kids at boardgames. He did a few things when he did it which made it clear it wasn't a mistake. He had to sort of go out of his way to do it. We called him out on it, he sent a new version and we executed. On the big contract he tried several other small variants on this (going back and post-hoc altering wording that had been agreed, delaying things for no reason, just generally being an incredible pain in the ass to deal with in a million small ways) until we got a press release from the CEO of his (global) company saying how happy they were to work with us and his demeanor instantly changed and he became super-constructive and efficient. In spite of everything everyone on this thread thinks/says, it definitely wasn't an error. I spoke to another third-party vendor (over a beer) who were going through purchasing at the same time as us and he was doing the exact same thing with them. There's a big difference between opening a random PDF and downloading code which you can view yourself on github, no? Or does your computer (from cpu microcode up) only run code which you have personally written and is not "from the internet"? If I understand this correctly, a link wouldn't survive this as the pdf is turned into images and then those images back into a pdf. So it's essentially like a scan of very high quality. What you would end up with is an image that looks like a link but would not be clickable. Given the security focus here I'd be somewhat surprised if they did this - links are one of the main threat vectors associated with pdfs. There can be a "be nice" rule in both life and corporate America. Lots of organisations have a "no assholes" rule and this goes double for organisations with a substantial volunteer/not-for-profit ethos as a few unpleasant people who create a lot of drama can drive away a lot of quiet contributors by making their lives unpleasant. ESR has always been someone who has created drama. Look up the CML2 controversy on the linux kernel mailing list where ESR created so much drama that in the end the kernel devs just gave up on trying to work with him. It's quite possible that the OSI just decided the juice wasn't worth the squeeze. They can't force you to close the position - they "Don't Know" (DK) the position. ie there is a dispute with you for whatever reason that you actually have that position and nothing can be done either way until this is clarified. If they are right, making you put on a trade to close the position they don't think you have will actually put you into a position of equal size in the other direction. eg: You are my pb and I think I'm long 20 S&P e-mini futures. You don't know that trade so think I'm flat. If you make me "close" my position and you're right then I'm actually now short 20 futures. This type of situation can happen a lot more easily than you might think especially in markets where there are multiple trading channels (eg voice and electronic) and settlement instructions etc can go wrong. One place I worked we had a trade be DKd because the instructions were sent by fax and needed to be confirmed by voice. The pos Solaris printer driver used to leak memory so one day it leaked so much memory that it just fell over and died and one of the trade confirms wasn't printed out, therefore the human who had the shitty job of picking them up off the printer and calling the other side to confirm the trade didn't confirm. 5m dollars right there. My experience is that certain types of meetings work really great this way whereas others do not. Collaborative 1:1 type meetings or "same side of the table" meetings where you need creative thinking to work through some complex issue really shine as walking meetings. Where there are concrete points you're trying to get across or in general more "information sharing" type meetings tend not to be so great in this format or at least they definitely need a followup email to ensure everyone understands the takeaways and actions expected. I used to do many/most 1:1s as walks but I found that if you have a serious piece of feedback to deliver etc it's often not as good on a walk and if you always do a walk and then send an email saying "let's do it in the office today" it sends a signal which makes people immediately defensive. Separately I'm a very rigorous note-taker (using a paper book) and one of the big benefits of walking meetings (from my pov) is that people are not sitting with a laptop and are actually intellectually present at the meeting. I just make sure to recap the actions/takeaways as the very last thing before we wrap. Then it's easy for people to remember them and take them back to the desk with them. You can also send a followup email to ensure you're in 100% sync. It's never reasonable although it doesn't stop people from doing it. History has shown us the folly of this (eg read "When Genius Failed" for a great history of the LTCM collapse). Due to multiple failures, large banks are to a greater or lesser extent prevented from doing this, but smaller financial players do get themselves into trouble. My understanding is Magic Leap assigned them, meaning they are pledged by Magic Leap as collateral on a loan[1]. This means that JPM only actually get them if Magic Leap default. (ie JPM can't just decide to sell those patents right now just like when you take a mortgage the bank can't just sell your house from under you if you remain current on your loan). If I'm JP Morgan I'm sweating this sale process right now because if Magic Leap do default (eg say the sale process tanks and they burn through their remaining cash and default), the recovery on these patents is going to be difficult so JPM will take a writedown on the loan. [1] https://regmedia.co.uk/2019/11/13/ml.pdf is the patent assignment if you want to see what got assigned For people who think that this is just automatically a buy because "prices have to go back up again, right?", it's worth looking at the Nikkei[1]. Note the peak in 1989 has still not been regained, and the market is about half that level now. Now is the US economy fundamentally less messed-up than Japan? Absolutely (in general). But every fall is not necessarily a buying opportunity even if you have a very long-term horizon. [1] https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/%5EN225?p=^N225&.tsrc=fin-sr... Yup you're not alone. After many years of developing and never using a whiteboard, my first attempt at a "whiteboard architecture talk" where I was forced to use a whiteboard was a 45min talk and I came out thinking it had gone quite well, looked back at the whiteboard and saw I had drawn a single box on it. Just one box with no label. I couldn't even remember what the box was supposed to signify. Not everyone thinks visually. I'm also baffled when people ask for network layout diagrams or want to show me them. I just don't care about seeing that stuff in a diagram - it very seldom gives me information I feel I'm not getting somewhere else. I've trained myself to do the whiteboard talk now because it seems to help some people. So if I'm communicating a design idea or whatever I'll often draw a diagram while I'm explaining it. I can't find a simple historical total return index on a free source but here's a calculator[1]. It says to me that 100% dividend reinvestment in the nikkei since 1974 would give you a total return annualised at 3.2% in yen and about 3.6% in dollars. Most people would have significantly better hurdle rates than that. So investing in the nikkei if you're a yen or dollar investor has been pretty average over the long term no matter how you slice it. [1] https://dqydj.com/nikkei-return-calculator-dividend-reinvest... Total return on the nikkei in dollars since 1974 is 3.6% annualised. So that's including exchange rate and dividends. That gets you to about double today in nominal terms what it was back then (yay compounding!) but is still a pretty terrible rate of return for having your capital tied up over a very long period of time. They are marketing agressively. For example they were pitching to a bunch of people at AWS re:Invent, and very definitely marketing along the lines of it being a generic language for data + a database. When I told their marketing folks that I had used kdb/q a bit, didn't think it a good fit for our use-case and knew from a brief sojourn in hedge fund-land how hard it was to hire kdb programmers their response was on the lines of "It's not hard to program in and if your guys find it hard they can just use our python wrapper". Honestly it is an interesting thing but the extent to which it's being pushed here on a daily basis at the moment feels "inauthentic" and somewhat tiresome. It's worth throwing into the mix that CTEs can be an elegant solution to more than just recursive queries. I've used them to "refactor" out common parts of queries where the same subtable is referenced multiple times in the same query. So instead of select something from x join y on x.foo = y.foo and blah = 'cheese' where some_complicated_join_conditions ... union select something from x join y on x.foo = y.foo and blah <> 'cheese' where -ome_other_complicated_join_conditions ...you can have with nerk as ( select something from x join y on x.foo = y.foo where hopefully you can find some common part of the complicated where clauses ) select something from nerk where blah = 'cheese' and something union select something from nerk where blah <> 'cheese' and something_else ...obviously a trivial example but you get the idea. When I tested this on postgres (some time ago) this was very significantly faster for my use case. It also helps in use cases where you want to allow user-defined filtering and ordering logic controlled by a gui. You can put your basic query as the CTE and then have all the user-controlled bits and pieces in the final select and they don't get mixed up together. Optimization in postgres (like all databases I've used) is super counter-intuitive and baffling at times and the only real way to be sure of anything is to try it yourself on your own data and see (and repeat the test whenever you do a major db upgrade). As an example which may well have changed but definitely was the case the last time I tested (which is circa pg9) it used to be the case that using ANSI join syntax would make a query 5-10% slower. ie select a.foo, b.bar from a, b where a.b_id = b.id and a.something ='blah' would be reliably 5-10% faster than select a.foo, b.bar from a join b on a.b_id = b.id where a.something ='blah' even if everything was indexed etc. Conversely, projecting off unnecessary columns used to result in a big speedup. ie select a1.foo, b.bar from (select foo, b_id from a where something='blah') a1 join b on a1.b_id = b.id used to be significantly faster than either of those queries on wide tables. edit: few typos and additional example added Contrary to what this article and other news sources seem to think, the purpose of "circuit breakers" (usually called intraday volatility breaks actually) is not to stop anyone from losing money or even to stop price falls from happening. It's to get to a functioning market with a market price that is reflective of the consensus opinion on available information as efficiently as possible without too much thrashing around. So what they actually do is not "suspend trading" as is often stated, but suspend order matching. Orders can be placed in the book and are matched at the end of the suspension via an auction process (all the buys and sells that have price limits such that they can be matched off) are matched at the end of the suspension (usually at a single auction price print) and then continuous trading resumes. This is essentially the exchange pausing "exchange time" so everyone can position and then resuming it again, and is exactly the same matching process that happens at the beginning and end of each trading day (and iirc after lunch in Japan) to help the market price reflect the consensus of opinion of the information that came out overnight while markets where closed. There is a reasonable line of thinking that continuous trading is somewhat overrated and some research advocates for matching to be done entirely through auctions. So say for instance you have 1 auction per minute throughout the day. The social function of markets in a capitalist system isn't to make prices go up indefinitely, it's to establish "true" prices for capital and various types of goods. This is "true" in the sense that the price reflects the consensus of all the opinions available (good and bad) where people are prepared to put their money where their mouth is. In both of the cases you mentioned, futures and short selling, if they are prohibited, what would happen is the resulting price would only reflect the opinion of people who were positive and the market would not reflect all the available opinion, and therefore would be less value in determining the clearing price of capital. There are most certainly real estate futures traded on CME. https://www.cmegroup.com/trading/real-estate.html Short selling is possible via inverse REITs and other vehicles. I'm not really sure what you mean by "all other marketplaces". Lots of marketplaces allow shorting. For example (almost) all commodity markets trade via futures and that means shorting is possible by definition. Grain futures have been traded since ancient Babylon to allow farmers and consumers of grain (eg brewers and bakers) to hedge against adverse price movement between planting and the harvest. When I say "almost" all commods trade via futures, for weird historical reasons[1] futures trading in onions is not allowed and so people research onion trading as an example of the effects on a market of disallowing futures trading. The current research suggests that disallowing futures and options trading increases volatility, leading to more pronounced boom and bust as the market struggles to digest information. [1] https://www.good.is/articles/the-great-chicago-onion-ring-wh... 100% agree. Which this can also have. One concrete action could contribute to two intermediate goals which in turn could both contribute to one parent high-level goal (giving a diamond). Think of an order like swiping on tinder. If both sides swipe (are willing to trade at a given level) they go on a date (the buyer's order is "matched" against the seller's and there is a trade). A vol break is like everyone is still able to swipe on tinder but the dating is going to happen in one big bang (pardon the pun) when the market resumes. There's a point where: 1)traditional policy tools are ineffective because as rates get to zero, cutting them doesn't really provide any kind of incentive any more 2)interventions get more and more extreme and reach the point where they actually can increase panic rather than reduce it It's pretty clear we're well past #1 and could be at #2. The problem that policy-makers are facing here is the real economic impact of this crisis as unknowable but is very likely to be very large. So it's hard to incentivise lending. For example if you're a bank in this environment it's pretty tough to have the courage to go out and lend to small businesses knowing the next few months are going to be brutal for their cashflow. The fed is going to have some difficulty convincing them to lend even in the presence of a zero reserve requirement ratio given that those banks will look at very serious potential writedowns on their loans in any downside scenario. How many good web "working" browsers has there ever been at one time? I submit it has pretty much always been one. That is there has always been a single browser that could browse the web really well and everything else has kind of sucked because it was poorly supported by content producers and has suffered technical limitations. Since I've been using the web it has been: Mosaic, then Netscape Navigator then still netscape for me but a lot of the web shifted to IE, then Mozilla or ie depending on platform, then Chrome ...there hasn't failed to be competition (ie people have tried) but they have failed to get traction. Meanwhile the complexity of the web and its underlying protocols has increased a lot, user expectations have shifted from static page viewing to running all manner of apps in the browser, and necessarily browsers have become more and more complex. I don't know why you find it baffling. I've tried to use GSuite customer support (as a paid-for customer) and found it terrible. Why would I roll the dice and GCP a try given I might have had concerns about support for other products in the past? You go to a restaurant, try a dish and it gives you food poisoning. Do you have to go back and try every single item on the menu? The other ones might be great, but realistically you probably go to a different restaurant after that. That Kenya facemask story looks highly dubious and likely to be fake. The main source seems to be rt.com. Do you have a credible source? The stories I've seen claim to be quoting der spiegel but I don't see the story on der speigel itself. For example, nothing is showing up on https://www.spiegel.de/suche/?suchbegriff=mask+kenya&seite=1 "this is a detailed simulation, so things move a lot faster if you're not spending CPU on graphics" Consider Battlefield or COD Warzone, which simulate the effects of actions by multiple players (including projectile travel) in real time and still manage upwards of 100FPS of near photorealistic graphics. Or factorio, where people build insane megafactories with millions of machines in them and yet performance is great and the graphics will still show you the shadows of clouds passing overhead. Dwarf fortress is a very interesting game and a very deep simulation, but the idea that it's such a detailed simulation that graphics would not be possible is just untrue. Honestly the UX in dwarf fortress is generally just insanely user-hostile and graphics are only a tiny symptom of that. And I say this as someone who plays and enjoys the game - I've had forts with upwards of 100 idiots^Wdwarfs in them, magma moats, breaching multiple cavern layers, surviving necromancer seiges etc. But every time I play I have to go through that thing over again where I try to figure out how to assign a pet to a person, when I set up a military squad getting them to wear the right equipment is a total chore, minecart UX is completely baffling. Also the simulation is very detailed but kind of broken in lots of annoying ways, like female dwarfs randomly dropping their babies while working, forgetting where they put them and then freaking out, random tantrum spirals because someone went out in the rain and so just decides to murder their colleagues etc. "Autism" is a term that is used to denote a complex set of neurological stuff, but one common theme is that autistic people have difficulty making sense of the deluge of sensory input. I could see how something which helps to simplify this could be helpful for some autistic people. So yes. Wouldn't work for everyone- My brother was severely autistic and he would have just smashed the glasses. My experience is diametrically opposite to that. All of our clients are large enterprises and the security and privacy features are very closely examined during procurement literally every time. We haven't had a single client conversation that is remotely like what you're describing. Might be because our clients are banks but they really care about this stuff. The UK cabinet has been meeting on Zoom during the crisis. It was in a media shot issued by 10 downing st yesterday. ? I'm literally on a zoom conference in firefox with audio right now. Yes it is, and even after the UK leaves the EU the provisions of GDPR will be part of UK law until some future government enacts law to change that. Parked being the operative word. You don't see abandoned cars littering the pavement/sidewalks, left lying around in parks etc. (at least not in most neighbourhoods). I'm no fan of cars but the idea that a company can just dump junk like this all over public spaces as an intrinsic part of its business model is bizarre to me. Transparency can be a double-edged sword. For a healthy board in a healthy company this would be fine, for one which is already in difficulty it could make the situation worse as the frank conversation that could previously take place at board meetings would be driven underground. Take for example a company that's at a critical point. Board needs to decide to a)cut costs by laying off some staff b)seek a buyer c)tough it out as some big clients are close to signing next quarter and will pull it through to profitability. If the board conversation around this topic was public the big clients will probably pull out as they will doubt the supplier's long-term viability, key staff may leave rather than wait to see if they get cut and any buyer will be looking for a firesale. So basically all the options (in this example) turn bad if the conversation is public. These sorts of debates are silly. "Gravity's Rainbow" deserved the Pulitzer. Even the Pulitzer committee thought so. Yet it didn't get it. Awards are not really a meaningful way of recognizing the merit of any kind of artistic endeavour. Sometimes they get it right, but often they do not. It's amazing but a pretty tough intro to Pynchon. If you're going to read him I would recommend "The Crying of Lot 49" (a fun short novel) or "Slow Learner" (A set of short stories). "Inherent Vice" would maybe be a fun one to start with too. It's not for everyone in any case. One of my best friends jokes about the fact that every time I say I like a book, for a while she would buy it, read a chapter, hate it and not read any more. Instant yeast tends to be very aggressive/successful so what happens if you use a small amount of instant yeast is you get a slow rise but it's a monoculture microbially speaking versus if you use a typical sourdough starter (called "madre" in Italian baking) there are several strains of bacteria which are about equivalent in terms of how fast they multiply. So the final dough has a more diverse microbiome. The theory is that leads to a more complex taste because of the way the different yeast strains digest the sugars etc and affect the taste of the resulting product. Cheap reconditioned lenovo thinkpad wolud be my recommendation Have you been to the Rijksmuseum and seen the painting? the colours are incredibly intense and most definitely not faded. If anything the opposite is the problem - the varnish that's been put on the painting is pretty dark. If you're interested in this kind of thing, Invisible Things Lab are really worth checking out https://theinvisiblethings.blogspot.com/2009/10/evil-maid-go... Surely the key issue that makes this untenable is network latency. That's a hard physical limit no matter how far our technology evolves to work around the myriad other problems with having servers in such an inconvenient location. Maintenance is not a small problem though. Even if you were able to design servers to be robust for 40+ years, your users would have to be content with using 40+ year-old server tech as opposed to the latest and greatest. That's going to be ok for some use-cases but relatively few. To put this into context - I met with a senior tech person there (one layer below the group CIO) a few years back and he said they had something like 40000 distinct IT systems globally. So replacing 65 of them with one MongoDB instance is something like 1/8th of one percent of their systems. If you're not a public company then in many/most jurisdictions it's up to the owners/investors to decide whether or not to have audited financials. If they are a 100% legit and have assets to back their tether there really isn't much of a reason not to have that audited and published on a website. For example bullionvault.com publish an audit of physical metal reserves daily. Doesn't work at all on my custom-generated sitemap.xml which is valid and accepted by search engines. Worse than that, it displays a bogus diagram rather than an error. Here in the UK few police have guns and they have to have special training if they want to be licensed to use firearms. Even then, the weapons are kept in a locked safe most of the time rather than being carried by default. There are many other countries that have a similar regime. The idea that you have to constantly threaten deadly force in order to enforce the law is not at all born out in other countries. Rather than as a general parsing problem, isn't it possible to reformulate this in a different way that is much easier to solve by using the fact that these are strings describing flights we want to get destination and sources from? So what you could do is take a general database of all flights (which is structured data and easy to work with) and then the problem is to label the unstructured input data with the probability it relates to a particular source, destination pair. For example, there are no flights from York (lovely though York is) to Venice, so that mistake isn't one such a model could even make. Whereas there are a lot of flights to and from New York (including to Venice), and since that number is large it's a much higher probability labeling than some others. Agree and I am very glad I don't have to deal with this type of thing any more. Sane support for different JREs is one of the use cases where containerization would really show its worth I expect. It should be relatively easy to set up a container with the app, the right jre version and a consistent set of dependency jars, all wrapped up with a shellscript that sets the class path and adds any horrible monkey patches you need to get things working and then launches it with the right set of arguments etc. Once that's done all that nastiness would be kept in its own private hell and you could have multiple of them running simultaneously and know that they won't infect each other and upgrading any one piece and/or your system jdk isn't going to kill everything. It's not dependent on the system or user classpath or other environment variables, so should be reproducible and avoid weird "it works for me" bugs where the user is suffering something you just don't see. Safe to say that's far from what "write once, run everywhere" seems to promise. If you're interested in Schoenberg, it's definitely worth checking out the other members of the second Viennese school: Alban Berg and Anton von Webern. A really good starting point would be Berg's violin concerto or (if you like opera) Wozzeck (which has themes that seem astonishingly relevant today (ptsd, difficulty for returning military in adjusting to civilian society etc). Berg's violin concerto is famous for having an amazing moment of transcendent beauty built around a reference to another great work (which I don't want to spoiler but you can search and find out about it if you want or just listen to it!). https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wozzeck https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Violin_Concerto_(Berg) I spent a week or so pouring through valgrind and profile output optimising the very heart of the code for a Monte Carlo simulation at a major investment bank. Some of the lines of code I wrote in that week will have been executed billions of times per day since I pushed them back in 2007 or so. They are still being used. I got a good overall speedup (over 5% in code that was already pretty well-optimised) but by far the most valuable optimisation I did was one of the most basic - hoisting variables out of for loops. This kind of thing for(int i=0; i changes to... int x; for(int i=0; i There are slightly more subtle versions of that, but at the time none of the compilers we were using (gcc 3.2, solaris 8 C++ compiler or Visual C++ 7) could optimise that without you doing the hoist yourself. Feels like it would overbalance given how lightweight and tall it is - any time it tried to pick anything up that was even slightly heavy it would just fall over. I use 2 systems. For online note writing the key thing is low friction, so use a real editor you're very familiar with and make the system as simple as possible. I personally use neovim with vimwiki and a plugin called notational-fzf-vim. This makes it very fast to search and very fast to start new notes. A lot of people have a similar system using org-mode in emacs. The main thing is that it works well for you and doesn't introduce friction and slow you down. The vast majority of my note-taking is in paper notebooks. I personally use a leuchterm notebook, zebra sarasta pens and a system of my own design that is similar to the "bullet journal" system but modified a bit to suit my needs a little better. I personally find if I'm attending a meeting, taking notes in a paper journal makes me more 'present' and able to concentrate than using a laptop (even though I've been using computers for ever, can touchtype fluently etc). I also find a paper system helps me with recall compared with typing. Obviously a lot of people prefer a digital format. I use a completely standard pen and notebook so all my notes and notebooks look exactly the same, and put every note on a separate page (eg if I have several meetings the notes each start on a separate page). I have also find this combination works well for ocr when I need to, so it's very easy for me to just take a snapshot of a page in my notebook if I need to send it to someone, put it in something like evernote or OneNote or whatever. I second the comments a few people have made around retyping/rewriting notes etc. I find "curation" activities of this kind incredibly helpful as they are a forcing function to think again about things, helping me with recall and conceptual clarity. So would strongly recommend you try this. //Couple of updates about process If you're a broker/dealer, you spend a lot of your time facilitating other people's trades. By "facilitating" here, we mean that you don't only put their trade on the market for them, you often trade with them "on risk" by taking the other side of their trades and then unwinding them. So if you want to sell 1000 tesla I might (as a broker/dealer) just buy them off you and look to sell them myself later either at market or directly without touching the market as part of executing someone else's trade later. This is more efficient for everyone as it means you don't pay the exchange fees for those trades you can "cross off" against a colleague or another client and therefore can offer a slightly better price to the end client. It also allows traders to manage the market impact of big orders more effectively, allowing large trades to be completed without moving the market as much. If you're large enough, your client base represents the market generally. That means your client base by definition doesn't outperform the market (ie has zero alpha). So that means that facilitating their trading earns you the commission and the trades you have to unwind have net zero alpha. This is not entirely true because it ignores some important effects around how commissions work etc (which end up meaning that broker/dealers are structurally long the market in general) but is not false enough to matter for the purposes of this discussion. Imagine you had one client who knew the future (ie every trade they made would make them money). By definition taking the other side of that trade would therefore lose you money. Their orderflow would be "toxic" - by trading with them you would always lose money. When someone says that orderflow is "informed" what they mean (usually) is that the people making the trades have more information than the rest of the market and therefore will trade when beneficial to them which is likely to be net/net not beneficial to you (if as a broker you're on the other side of the trade). Now, whether or not robinhood order flow is on the whole informed or toxic is another question. Personally I would be surprised if that turns out to be true but I could be wrong. Some examples: 1. Futures are contracts agreeing to buy or sell some underlying asset at a future date (or exchange cash as though you did). If I am long a future someone is by definition short that future. Therefore the total net exposure is always zero. It makes no sense to add my long future to your short future and decide that the total exposure is 2. 2. Swaps are contracts where we agree to exchange cashflows based on some reference amount. The most common types of swaps are interest rate swaps and an example might be a fixed-for-floating swap where you agree to pay me fixed interest (say 4%) and I agree to pay you floating interest (say 3 mounth USD LIBOR plus 200bps). The notional of a swap is the amount we use for the calculation of this interest payment. It really isn't an amount that's used for anything else - you don't owe me the notional and neither do I owe you that. It's just a multiplier we use when we transfer the net difference between the two rates. It therefore makes no sense whatsoever to add up the notional of swaps contracts. Also since we exchange the net difference the notional can be pretty large and the net cash payments pretty small. 3. Credit default swaps are similar to IR swaps except one of the legs of the swap pays out based on certain "credit events" (typically defaults and/or downgrades) on an underlying "reference obligation" (usually a corporate or sovereign bond, but can be an ABS or probably some other stuff). Since different CDSs are based on different underlying reference obligations, adding up notionals of different CDSs makes as much sense as if I say I have 10 dollars, 2 matchsticks, a ball of fluff, a ferarri and a dog so you say I have 15 things. Well I suppose so but it doesn't really mean anything since the things themselves are very different in nature. I'm not talking from the perspective of RobinHood, I'm talking about the broker/dealers who provide execution services to RobinHood. RobinHood is nowhere near large enough to have a client base which represents the market. JPM, GS, MS etc are. I use quotes so it's easier to use a text object to edit the attributes in vim. Say I have ...... then anywhere on that line I can go ci" and vim will jump to the right spot and change what's inside the double quotes. Quotes aren't useless. It didn't really happen so there's nothing to get. Those are seperate quotes taken from different lectures and strung together as though they are a dialogue with a sort of Zen character. See one of the sibling comments by dfaubulich for the actual origin of each of those lines. Obviously just one anecdote, but my brother has a PhD in philosophy from Oxford and now teaches philosophy (albeit at a small college, not one of the major ones). Wittgenstein is one of his three big philosophy heroes (the others being Thomas Aquinas and a medieval Islamic scholar that I can't remember the name of). Academic fashions are weird though. More accurate would be "A selection of well-known Western pop musicians". Kind of strange that hn is giving airtime to something like this. It's a strange list. For example, "On Computable Numbers" isn't on it. I expect the regulator has asked for a lot of email or messenger comms to investigate something and FB has said "we can't turn over that email, it could contain personal stuff that people deal with in their work email". For example if you send your paycheck home via your email, that's a "personal financial document", if you send home a receipt from when you got a flu vaccination that's "employee medical information" and private information about families is when your mom/spouse/whoever emails you at work about something. This is typical in a discovery situation and the lawyers will usually sit down and sift through stuff and figure out what really is relevant, what needs to be redacted/excluded altogether etc. I don't think that's the full picture. There are lots of good reasons for small and medium-sized providers of b2c software to prefer SaaS and cloud delivery over on-premises that aren't anything to do with access/info monopolies. For example as a small provider you'll just kill all your velocity if you try to deliver on-prem to a number of large enterprises. They will all have different upgrade policies, testing and approval policies, different approved hardware etc etc and pretty soon you will suffer a death from 1000 cuts and not be able to deliver anything. For example, I had a client once say to me that we had to replace postgres in our stack with Oracle because that was their approved database. Even though we had to support the stack. I had a client delay us by 6 months because they decided to order super bleeding-edge network cards (which I repeatedly said we didn't need) then these cards turned out to take ages to deliver, when they arrived they didn't work with the "corporate approved" version of linux they insisted on using for another couple of months etc. In a saas you don't have to deal with any of those things. You do the one-off (painful) third-party vendor approval process, go through all the infosec audits etc but after that you own the stack and can run it the way you want. If you want to change the hardware layout and it's on prem you have to go cap-in-hand to the client and get them to stump up cash, wait months while physical boxes get allocated, racked up etc. If you're in-cloud, you make a change to terraform, check it in and it gets pushed out through your CI/CD pipeline. If you want to roll changes to all your customers that's really easy as a SaaS/cloud offering whereas it's very hard if they're each on-prem. etc etc It's easy to be cynical, but there are very significant benefits to the vendor of this model. There can also be benefits to the customer too. In addition, in my experience when you deal with a big enterprise customer you are contractually committed to providing "transition assistance" when the contract ends (even if your company goes bust) and returning data in mutually-agreed open formats. So vendor lockin doesn't really apply eithre. Yeah that's an annoying typo. I meant b2b of course. There's a great quote in "Liar's Poker" where the author's mentor is explaining to him the dissatisfaction he feels even though he got a big bonus. He describes how as you earn more you become ever more jealous of people who are earning even more than you. It goes something like "We never become rich, we simply experience ever-increasing levels of relative poverty". Here's details of this attack for people who want more details https://citp.princeton.edu/our-work/memory/ If memory serves correctly they achieved the best results by using a can of compressed air to freeze the ram in place before removal. //Small edit to wording Not an expert, but if you want a stable Rust-to-non-rust ABI, you can use the C ABI as the article mentions. If you want a stable rust-to-rust ABI for FFI there's a crate for that https://crates.io/crates/abi_stable It seems somewhat unrealistic to expect a really new language commit across the board to the same sort of ABI stablility as a decades-old language such as C. This goes nicely with the old concept that "A sufficiently competent FORTRAN programmer can write FORTRAN code in any language". Have a thinkpad X1 Carbon Pro and have run fedora, ubuntu and Qubes OS on it at various points. Have Ubuntu on it now (as that's the distro my company wants everyone to use). In all of those distros the install has been completely trouble-free and everything works completely fine. Also I don't use wayland and don't have the scaling perf problem that someone else was talking about. Agree. The fact that it was first posted as a linkedIn blog article is a strong signal implying the latter. So true. The thing I find bizarre about youtube is how bad not only their recommendations but their search is. This is a Google company but somehow if I search for a specific episode in a specific series (eg one episode in a game walkthrough or whatever) it can't get the ranking right? I also still don't understand why yt recommendations are as poor as they are. I've tried taking the time to try removing certain things from the "recommendation history" (or whatever they call it), flag recommendations I'm not interested in etc and it does improve things a bit but still it recommends things I would never watch in a million years (eg right now I have 4 Joe Rogan recommendations on my homepage even though I've literally never watched any of his things and have zero interest in ever doing so, and click on every one and say not interested etc, for a while it was obsessed with trying to get me to watch MMA content even though I can't bear watching other people hurt each other). And the whole issue of recommending videos where it knows I've watched the whole thing, I just don't even know where to start. Sometimes you click even when you don't want to. For example on youtube on ipad it's very difficult to click on the vertical three-dot hamburger icon on a video (that you need to use to tell them you're not interested in a video) without clicking on the video by mistake. The hitbox on that icon is all wrong. I would have a serious performance conversation with the manager and explain to them that their job as a manager is to take important but sometimes difficult decisions. If they can't bring themselves to do this, they shouldn't be a manager. The outcome you want is the shittiness to stop and you have an objective transcript of everything that happened in slack, so assuming the shittiness is real this isn't even remotely hard. Option 1: If the behaviour isn't that bad or is in some sense borderline or open to interpretation, you speak to them in person, say the thing that happened that needs to stop, state clearly why it isn't in line with your values, is damaging to the team/whatever the problem is, and state your expectation that it will stop and if it doesn't immediately stop it will affect their future with the firm. You follow up with an email recapping all of the conversation (in particular the statement that if it happens again they're out) and copy HR. You need to do option 1 if you have been allowing this behaviour to slide in the past. It's important to do this with all parties who have been indulging in this behaviour and don't show any kind of favouritism. Option 2: If it's not the first time (ie you've already done some version of option 1 and it hasn't stopped) or the behaviour is really egregious you book a 1:1 with the person and when they show up HR is there with you. You show them the thing on slack that is happening that isn't ok and any previous "option 1" recap emails. You ask them to explain any extenuating circumstances. You terminate them there and then unless they have a really compelling story. You send an email to the HR person thanking them for handling the situation (especially since the reason you got here is that you have made mistakes as a manager), summarising the conversation and your thought process that meant option 1 was not appropriate. If they've done this before you have the email track from when you did option 1 before to add to their evidence trail. For at-will employees there's no way any kind of wrongful termination will stick if you follow this kind of fair and rigorous process, you document conversations you have had and your rationale for dismissal is reasonable. For employees in a European or UK employment context, you need to be more aware of the surrounding context and make sure they have actually breached your policies and then follow your disciplinary process appropriately. If you work with your HR colleagues this isn't hard. [edit] There is also an "Option 0" above which is less heavy-handed. Part of being a good manager is knowing when to take the person out for a coffee, put a hand on their shoulder and just give them the "Come on you know this isn't ok" conversation. Then you follow up with an email (but don't copy HR) and make sure you save it in case you need to escalate further. Just make sure you don't option 0 your buddies and escalate everyone else because that is seriously bad . > Would it even be possible to make a truly Kafkaesque game? Dwarf fortress. 1. Everything to do with the user experience, but if you want specific examples, minecarts, "uniforms", task priorities in the main ui without mods 2. How you actually get to the point where you play the game is Kafkaesque in and of itself (eg the whole starter pack thing) 3. The mind-boggling complexity of everything 4. How banal the game seems much of the time if things are going well 5. How utterly benign things can lead to utter degredation and destruction. (Case in point, I had a happy fortress, one of my guys went out fishing, got caught in the rain, started a murderous rampage that ended up with half the fortress killing each other. During the fight one of my female dwarves put her baby down somewhere, couldn't find it and even though she survived the fight, went into a spiral of despair from which she never recovered) 6. There is no such thing as success. All games end in failure You're right but I think you'd perhaps be surprised how international sanctions monitoring works. Example, I know one of the largest banks in Europe used to have payments they sent to one of their South American branch offices blocked from time to time because their address in Brazil or Argentina or something was on a street called "Avenue de Cuba". Worked in the securities division of a leading investment bank for 8 years including on the equities exotics and hybrids trading desk. And I can confirm that we used to use MC whenever we had something we couldn't price using a closed form method. That said, it's a lot slower and more compute intensive so when you could use a grid pricer or pde solver or whatever people would use that instead. You're not really simulating every outcome, just a "large enough" representative sample. As an aside, my dad was a chemical engineer and Newton-Raphson was his equivalent everything-is-a-nail numerical method. We used to use brent root and monte carlo simulation in the same way. Numerical methods are awesome in general. The vast majority of the world's population live in places with power outages and flaky internet connectivity. It's extremely commonplace. I live in London and my upstream internet connection is going down multiple times a day at the moment which is extremely frustrating. The DOJ should pursue both companies if they think they are illegal monopolies. They don't need to do things serially. There may be a non-obvious reason that Sinclair isn't (visibly) being pursued. > my bank's website uses foreign overseas-located trackers, which is technically a GDPR violation. Foreign overseas-located trackers isn't technically a GDPR violation. It's a GDPR violation if the trackers don't treat data in a GDPR-compliant fashion, and it's your bank's responsibility to ensure they do. In general the reporting restrictions in the UK are there because there has been a history of recordings leading to jury prejudice and therefore mistrials. There is a general principle of the court publishes a fair, accurate and contemporaneous record except where this would create a substantial risk of prejudice. Here are the details https://www.judiciary.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/reportin... These UK reporting restrictions are also why the BBC (and other major UK-based media) are very careful about how they report on criminal proceedings. The reason for the lack of reporting in the UK media is the reporting restrictions on criminal cases. they have been spanked repeatedly for coverage leading to jury prejudice and so basically blanket ban any coverage of any ongoing criminal case for the most part. Rules are here https://www.judiciary.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/reportin... I don't have a credible opinion about whether that's right but that's the reason. Aah interesting. This source claims that reporting restrictions were requested by Assange's team to protect the identity of his partner back in April, but that seems somewhat moot now. I don't know - there may well be a restriction because it does seem strange how little reporting there has been. https://www.computerweekly.com/news/252481299/Judge-refuses-... For people who don't know the UK, Computer Weekly is an IT-specific publication but has some form in investigative journalism in topics that are at least tangentially tech-related, notably in one case vindicating helicopter pilots who were blamed in a fatal crash that was most likely caused by software. My favourite TZ bug was where thanks to a timezone bug some (but not all) events were showing up a day early after our etl. It turned out that a combination of several seemingly logical steps we had managed to end up in an insane place. If you just want the tldr, dates are not times, don't store dates as times or you can be bitten by timezone bugs. Also dates don't have a timezone, don't store them as something that has a timezone or you can make mistakes. So: 1)We decided to store all timestamps as UTC. A bunch of analysis we were doing was temporal so it was really important to be able to compare timestamps coming from different source systems (with different native timestamps) accurately. 2)Some events were things occurring on specific dates rather than at a particular time. No problem, dates don't have a timezone. We can't possibly be bitten by a timezone bug on dates. 3)One of our serialization formats didn't have a date type so we decided to store dates as times with a timestamp of midnight (This is ancient Pig-era hadoop so you're probably talking an earlyish avro format but I can't remember). You can always just chop the time off to turn them back to a date and nothing can possibly go wrong. 4)One of the event source systems used Europe/London timezone (ie daylight savings in the summer, GMT in the winter) as the system tz rather than UTC. No big deal right, we're doing consistent UTC conversion so this couldn't possibly hurt anything. Bingo! Some of the date based events appeared one day earlier than they should. Do you see why? This was an absolute bastard to debug because it was in the middle of a somewhat flakey data pipeline taht used to take >9hrs to run but basically what was happening is during daylight savings months these events were being converted from 00:00 1 Aug BST (say) to 23:00 31 July UTC, so when serialised once you chopped off the time the event would end up one day early. It wasn't all dates because not all days are during daylight savings and events that had an actual time (not a date that had been turned into a time) were of course fine. Also date events that were recorded on a system that used UTC as its system timezone were also fine. Yeah this is my experience too. Often there is a time or times associated with a date but they can be difficult/impossible to deduce and many intuitive answers are wrong or riddled with important exceptions. There are a few apps (eg The economist if I recall correctly) which allow you to buy specific editions without a full subscription if you want to. I don't recognise this picture at all. Black cabs in London are much more comfortable than most ubers and have taken cards for a lot longer than Uber has been around. Secondly black cabs will pick you up from taxi ranks or if you hail them in the street (which Uber and minicabs can not). They are not really that comparable. Note that while you correctly point out that the Silverfish is a fish, its close relative the woodlouse is in fact a type of wood, and therefore part of the vegetable kingdom. Turns out ontologies are confusing and probably can be some of complete, consistent, coherent or correspond to common sense but not all of the above. Whenever these types of debates come up (eg "Is a tomato a fruit or a vegetable?" or indeed any "Is x a type of y?") I'm reminded of Borges[1]. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Celestial_Emporium_of_Benevole... Real answer: 1) Registering a company in Switzerland requires a Swiss address and Swiss national as a director. See https://www.companyformationswitzerland.com/register-swiss-c... and elsewhere 2) Registering a Swiss company wouldn't by itself allow them to escape US DoJ enfoncement actions. see https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/ubs-enters-deferred-prosecuti... for example 3) Registering a Swiss company wouldn't exempt them from KYC requirements http://bankersacademy.com/pdf-aml/amlswitzerland-law.pdf for example says that the swiss AML legislation includes non-bank financial institutions (such as exchanges) Edit to add: It's also non-trivial to get a Swiss work visa if you're not a national. I had one for a while and it required a Swiss company to use up one of their finite central allocation and show that the work wasn't replacing the job of a Swiss national and was being paid the average wage or more (this to prevent exploitation of migrant labour apparently). One way the author is concise in this piece is just leaving out words that are actually needed for the sentence to make sense and get the reader to just imagine they are there: "The goal of most conversations (or a piece of writing) should be easy to understand for the readers." That says that the goal should be something the readers understand. I think he means is "the goal of most conversations (or pieces of writing) should be for them to be easy to understand for the readers." (ie the reader should understand the conversation, not the reader should understand the goal). There are lots of examples in here. Bose is indeed an iconic company. That said, as a long-time bose user their products are deteriorating in obvious ways. As a heavy traveller (pre-crisis) my first pair of quietcomfort headphones were fantastic. They were so far ahead of anything else I had ever owned that when in a jetlagged state a sadly left them behind when departing a plane I had no hesitation in immediately buying another. These lasted a quarter of the time I had the original pair before the pads became uncomfortable, split and I replaced them. Still a pretty good pair of headphones but the second time the pads fell apart I decided that it was time to relegate these headphones to "backup" status and upgrade to wireless. I decided to get a bose pair even though I had reservations. They were ok - the sound quality was not as good as either of the previous wired pairs, but I figured that was the price you pay for the convenience of bluetooth wireless. They worked well until like my first pair I left them on a plane. OK no more bose - I bought a pair of Sennheisers. For the first month these were fantastic and half the cost of bose. I liked them so much when my wife wanted headphones I bought her an identical pair. Then one day they just decided they would no longer pair with my bluetooth devices. No idea why, no way of fixing them and when I looked online lots of other people have had the same problem and end up sending them back to Sennheiser and getting a replacement pair. I can't be bothered to do this so I go back to bose. My latest pair of bose QC headphones are by far the worst. The audio quality is worse than any previous pair of bose headphones I've owned, and the microphone is so poorly placed that I've given up using them for calls - whenever I did this in the past I ended up spending half the call explaining to the other person that I didn't need to speak up - I was already talking unreasonably loudly it was just that the microphone didn't work properly. Headphones seem to be going through the "tornado" phase right now where demand is soaring and quality is plummetting. The way for Bose to distinguish itself would be to go back to making good noise-cancelling headphones (which it used to do very well) but I think it is most likely they will follow the race to the bottom and get crushed by larger competitors. As a long-time fan of Bose headphones at the moment I won't be sad to see them disappear. There are lots of real-economy uses for derivatives. The classic example comes from the origin of derivatives - to forward-hedge risks in commodities. Say I am a farmer. I buy seed and 9 months later wil harvest my crop and sell my produce. So I am very exposed today to the price where I will be able to sell my crop at this future point in time. In ancient Babylon they came up with the idea of what we would today call a physical commod forward to hedge this risk. The farmer sells a contract today promising to deliver the crop they will harvest in nine months time. This gives them price certainty so they are able to invest today in the seed to grow this crop. Most derivatives have a similar real-world risk mitigation function and to compensate people for taking the risk, the other side of these trades has a speculative profit potential. There have been numerous studies on the effect of derivatives (and the absence of derivatives) on the markets in the underlyings. Generally the presence of a derivs market tends to reduce volatility in the underlying. For example in the US futures trading in onions is not allowed (for historical reasons) so there are studies comparing the market in onions to similar agricultural products with a derivs market. Edit: note I'm talking about "normal" derivs here, ie derivatives of Equities, fixed income, currencies or commodities. I don't have any experience of cryptocurrencies or derivs of them nor do I have an opinion on the value of derivs of cryptocurrencies. for vim, you just do :ab hn Hey there hackernews! or whatever to define abbreviations. Honestly I mainly use them to correct things I commonly mistype or if the CapitAliZation of MyCompanyName is annoying. These people are experts at getting up to speed on diverse topics and have amazing teams clerking for them and a huge bench of experts to call on. I'm sure the domain-specific knowledge will be fine although the vested interests will clearly be a problem. I have never been involved in a US Supreme Court case but back in 1999 or so I was asked to prep a barrister in the UK on the guts of TCP/IP. I literally jumped in a black cab at short notice with 6 or 7 volumes of W. Richard Stevens and spent an afternoon showing him and a few others from his chambers packet dumps and TCP state diagrams and drawing some diagrams of my own showing what a webserver, browser does, how caching works, etc. The next day using my information synthesized with some really archaic law about what is and isn't a document he issued his opinion about where particular actions occur (and therefore what legal jurisdictions apply) when someone does something on a website. It was extremely thoughtful and nuanced and literally a day earlier he didn't even know what a webpage was. Honestly the one piece of advice I can give is make sure you follow through and actually do something about it. Even if your message goes through to the wrong person they will almost certainly redirect it internally so it gets heard, so don't be put off. Given the asymmetric nature of feedback (people are much more likely to contact you to complain than to praise) I absolutely love it when I get positive feedback about people in my team from clients etc, and it often helps provide evidence for me to justify an unusually fast promotion, salary bump etc. > what does that mean for the new company that represents that worse part? I can obviously see the upside for the business that jettisons the dead weight. As someone who used to do a bit of recreational "special situations" investing, I can say with some confidence that counterintuitively the worse part is often the better part, and the "dead weight" often soars after it is jettisoned vs the "good part" flatlining. Not always but it can definitely happen. The reason for this is logically apparent when you think about the second-order effect of people's opinions on a stock valuation. Say IBM has two halves: "Cloud IBM" which is funky and "Boring IBM" which is everything else. As one company the valuation is the weighted average of everything everyone thinks about the funky part and the boring part put together and is therefore fairly boring overall. So when you do a spinoff the funky cloud part should soar, right? Wrong. Or not always, anyway. What often happens when you split a business into a good part and a "bad" part is that all the overinflated expectations of investors are concentrated in the funky part so at the time of the split it has a very high valuation and the boring part is massively oversold and undervalued. So after the split the boring part performs well even if it just phones it in because expectations are so low whereas the funky part needs to do amazingly just to meet the expectations of people who are already in the stock at a valuation that is too high. Everyone who's serious about unix should learn a bit of ed. Ed + a here doc is really useful for some types of batch edits that you can't do using sed or perl -pi -e. Say you want to delete the line before the second line which starts "---" in the yaml frontmatter of 100 markdown files or swap the second and third line or whatever. Ed is your go-to. find somedir -name "*.md" | while read f ; do ed $f I've done this kind of thing in shellscripts so many times. Recently it was in recovering my personal website by dumping out the wayback machine through lynx and retro-converting the text to markdown. Exactly. And if investors have already priced in the high growth potential, sometimes even if the "good part" grows a lot it can be that it doesn't grow enough to justify the valuation. Fair to add that this doesn't refute the structural logic of seperating the parts - if your business has two halves that are that different, a split can make total sense. Why the heck shouldn't you love your job if you want to? Love isn't something you have a finite supply of that you have to dole out sparingly. Loving your job or your city or your dog or whatever else doesn't "use up" love that you then no longer have available to give to your friends or family or devalue it or whatever. Love is something that you generate more of as you give it away. My wife is a musician, I used to be a musician, I have a lot of friends in the arts of one kind or another. You can be damn sure they love their jobs (because basically noone goes into most kinds of artistic careers thinking they will make any sort of living over and above the barest kind of subsistance). > it's borderline useless for rear-view mirrors, which do not shine a light back at the cyclist. Not sure I understand what you're getting at here. Retroreflective strips reflect light back from the source to the viewer. In the case of a rear-view mirror, the light source is the tail light of the vehicle, which will hit the retroreflective material, reflect that back towards the vehicle where it will be seen by the driver in their rear-view mirror. Exactly. Anthropomorphic language is such a useful and normal way of thinking and expressing ourselves. If you say "the classifier thinks this roadsign is a truck" everyone knows you mean "the classifier has labeled this roadsign as a probably a truck with a high confidence". No-one seriously would take you to mean the classifier thinks in the same way a person thinks any more than if you say "The toaster wants to pop up but it's jammed," they would take you to mean the toaster has a yearning like unrequited love. If we remove our ability to use language in this way we give up on a mental model that is incredibly useful for simplifying lots of explanations and reduce ourselves to a very clumsy literalism instead. As long as we understand the limitations of this model and are clear that it's not literally what is going on it's very useful. Autonomous vehicles do of course have the potential to reduce deaths but there are lots of examples of this being the preferred method of regulation in the auto industry. For example if you want to sell a motorcycle in the US it has to have a kill switch in a specific place on the right handlebar. You don't (as a manufacturer) get to innovate about this because it's a safety feature and a first responder needs to be able to locate the kill switch so it always has to be in the same exact place so they can always find it. If you want to sell a car in Europe (I believe) it has to have seatbelts, ABS and a catalytic converter that meets a particular specification etc etc. That doesn't seem very challenging to a logistics company and falls out of things they already have to do to keep track of their inventory. They probably do somethiing like barcode each thing when it comes in, record which barcode came from where. Scan each barcode when it gets dispatched out to a customer. Now you know the ultimate provider of the item that went to a particular customer. I play on lichess and in the last 6 months I've had at least 5 different games annulled because the opponent was banned for cheating. It certainly happens. No it is not. Best execution is a lot more complex than market vs limit. The normal metric for best execution is "implementation shortfall" which is the difference between the market price at the "decision time" (when the order arrives at RH is the best they can do here) and the executed price. Poor execution leads to a lot of shortfall, good execution leads to a small amount of shortfall and in some cases even negative shortfall. You can think about execution slippage as being the "information impact" of trading and a good broker will attempt to minimise this cost along with other transaction costs (eg fees etc). I think you're talking about "Schenkerian" analysis, right? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schenkerian_analysis When I look at a master database, White wins about 33% of the time, black wins about 25% and the rest of the games are draws. The aliens would have to be pretty terrible at statistics to ignore draws and first mover advantage when they are clearly extremely important. It is difficult to relate to an analogy which is so divergent from the basic facts. The whole article starts with a straw man about aliens making incorrect deductions based on a version of chess that doesn't correspond to actual chess. This is used to illustrate a very obvious point about local maxima that is in turn extrapolated in an entirely unsupported way to try to draw some conclusions about science and allow the author to make some strange and entirely unnecessarily edgy statements like "Logical positivism is kind of theoretical lobotomy"... "tweaking equations like an oblivious autist is Science" etc. It's very disappointing to see this on HN That was one example of how the author proposes an extremely inadequate analogy. The fact that you can propose an improvement so easily demonstrates this. It's also very clearly a problem that it ignores player skill, time control and all sorts of other factors that would be basic to any kind of model claiming to have power in predicting chess outcomes. That's not the simplest model of chess with the fewest assumptions. The simplest model of chess with the fewest assumptions is that white always wins. It's also a terrible model but is significantly better than what the author proposes. It seems very strange that you seem compelled to defend this point. The author proposes a deliberately terrible model presumably in the hope that he is illuminating a wider point. Sadly I don't think he's doing that. Reading between the lines the mistake here seems to have been due to data retention processes which were "overzealous". If you have an encounter with the police and they store your details, but you are never charged with any sort of crime, they are required to delete your details after a certain time has elapsed. The process to prune these details is legally required to remove the data from backups also because the police don't have the right to keep your details on their systems any more. However it seems somehow additional records were subject to the purge which should not have been. As an aside, this specific problem seems like something there could be a strong cryptographic solution to. eg rather than just deleting records, they could encrypt them first with a public key where the private half is owned by a third party such as the information commissioner ( https://ico.org.uk/ ) and then archive them. If at a later date they find they need them back they request a decryption and give their reasons. If the ICO thinks the reasons are valid (ie the police have the right to have the data and therefore should not have deleted it), then they decrypt, but otherwise the police don't have access to the data. Usage of the private key could be subject to an audited break glass procedure to prevent abuse. Excited about this. I love certain things because they simply last forever and do what they are supposed to. For example about 18 years ago I bought 2 HP12c calculators when I started working in finance (One for work, one for home). Not only have they not broken, but I can't tell you the battery life because they are both still on their original batteries. Now old hands tell me the new modern 12cs (like mine) aren't a patch on the original and the old ones from the 80s had even better battery life than that. Yeah. My father in law had the same experience. He once took an enforcement person into his house and insisted they go through the house together and conduct an exhaustive search of all the places a TV could be. "Perhaps it's in the cistern of the toilet? Let's look!...Not there? Perhaps it's in the bread bin..." etc etc It is really bad the way they do this, and having seen the threatening letters they send out they could be very frightening. The letters were on the lines of "Our detectors have found that you have a TV and you have to pay the license fee or we'll send bailiffs around, take you to court etc", and the one I received once (when i too didn't have a TV) was printed on red paper. Fair enough if that is your experience but I don't recognise that at all. My parents (as English people) moved to North Wales and people have been extremely warm and welcoming to them and also to me whenever I have visited. There is some beautiful scenery and the many of the towns are also very run down. This problem is likely to get worse in the next few years as the development funding the region was getting from the EU will now cease due to brexit. I love these photos and there is a lot of truth in them. I myself have taken some amusingly bleak photos on the British coastline although clearly not as amazing as these. Janet Yellen is a very highly-regarded academic economist, and was famed for the depth of her preparation, both when she used to teach at Harvard, LSE and elsewhere, when she was an economic advisor and as a fed chair. She studied under a nobel prizewinner and is co-author on many papers with her husband George Akerlof, who is also a nobel prizewinner. She's no intellectual lightweight. I'd be really surprised if she hasn't done the work to understand these details. I don't present ID in the UK when I vote. I show my polling card (which they send me in the mail as a registered voter), state my name and address and receive my ballot. The company doesn't have to pay dividends in any particular time period for a share in the ownership of the company to have value. If the company grows in value then you should be able to sell shares for more than you bought them for. It's worth reading Benjamin Graham to get a really good understanding of fundamental valuation, however the short answer is that a company is a stream of (potential) future earnings. That stream is funded by debt and equity. If you price that future earnings stream and discount it back to today, you get a sense for the net present value of the company. If you subtract the debt and the cash on hand what is left is the equity component. Theoretically this should be identical to the market cap of the company but of course there are all sorts of reasons these will diverge (investors will have different risk tolerances and will therefore assign different values to the discount factors etc). From a management perspective, the share price is important for several reasons. Firstly for equity raises etc. Secondly some of the executives personal compensation will be tied to metrics that are in some sense linked to share price. Eg they might have a bonus that is related to return on equity. High ROE will tend to cause the price to rise. Finally if the price multiple trails peers, investors will get antsy and you could have shareholder activism etc. Market makers are incentivized to provide liquidity by the fact that they earn half the spread on average every time they trade. If a stock trades for 10 bid 11 offer then the market maker makes 1 every time they buy at 10 and sell at 11. They do this a very large number of times a day. I'm not sure this still happens, but Marketmakers (and broker dealers) also used to earn rebates from new venues to incentivise them to trade on MTFs (multilateral trading facilities or alternative execution venues). You'll hear a lot of people talking about market makers (eg Citadel) paying for flow. The common opinion is that this is because that flow contains information that the marketmaker can profit from. This is almost never the case, and in fact if the flow has alpha (positive or negative) or is overly directional that's not great for the marketmaker as they are forced to temporarily take the other side of that trade and try to find unwinds. Marketmakers want more flow because that makes it easier for them to do their job of hedging their inventory and unwinding positions with minimal impact. They are betting on the underlying math that if the flow gets large enough it becomes zero alpha by definition and they can just earn the spread. You open a margin account and post some collateral (usually cash or treasuries). You sign a margin agreement (which is essentially a credit aggreement) committing to pay up for any losses. The broker can use the posted collateral to cover losses and you will be asked to put up more margin if losses deepen beyond a certain point. There are a few different ways to be short of a stock but the most common are to sell short in which case you have a few days to buy the stock or locate a borrow before the trade settles. Other ways to be short are to write call options which you can just do by selling that option to someone, or buy put options. In certain cases you can short a contract for difference or single stock future or short the return on the stock in an equity swap. For all of these you'll need your broker to facilitate. Brokers don't work together which is how the aggregate position of all shorts can get larger than the total number of stocks in issue. This is obviously not a healthy situation but the brokers are relying on the collateral to enable them to make good any losses. Finally some people may have a short as a partial hedge for an overall long position (eg "Crash put protection") so may be net long overall. It's worth adding that in some of the examples I gave above you can be short a stock but settle as cash so you don't necessarily need to locate physical stock to pay up. In those examples the price of the stock is just a reference point used to calculate the quantity of the cash payment between the two parties so although the short will lose money if the stock rises they are not "squeezed" in the sense they are not desperately searching for stock to buy at any price. > Everyone knew this was a bad idea, and the truly curious thing is, how does anyone who greenlit this on any level still have a job? Nothing succeeds like failure.. In my experience at multiple companies in tech and elsewhere, it is (sadly) frequently the case that the people responsible for the biggest failures are the ones who have the fastest career progression. It's a sort of reverse Stockholm syndrome where they are holding their bosses captive because as they fail the stakes for the management get higher and higher and so they get more and more bought in. There's one person in particular that I remember from my time at Goldman. Lovely guy but every single thing he was involved in was an unmitigated disaster. Sure enough he failed his way to becoming an MD in record time. My ISP (Andrews and Arnold) does exactly this. https://support.aa.net.uk/IPv6 "Customers are allocated a /48 block of addresses - this is usually per customer, and so a customer with multiple circuits or sites will have a /64 allocated from the larger /48 block" Fair to say this is necessary but not sufficient. GDPR covers users within GDPR countries but also European data subjects wherever they are in the world. Hmm. I actually said that because that's what the GDPR training that I was forced to undertake by my employer taught me. That being said, reading the reguglation now shows me that was a misunderstanding. https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=CELE... That being said it wouldn't require the EU to create laws which have jurisdiction above the US supreme court - if a company has any activity within Europe the European courts can act. There are other examples - for example UK libel law allows people under certain circumstances to sue for libel in the UK even if both parties are not UK citizens and the libel itself occurred outside the UK. Another example is the US CFTC which claims jurisdiction over all swaps transactions even if both parties are non-US and the swap itself happened outside the US. > I would gladly pay for an encyclopedia written by actual experts, I see a tremendous value in something like that, but alas the market was killed by the free Wikipedia. There are definitely pros and cons. My wife is a professional musician and teacher so at home we have a copy of the "New Grove" encyclopedia of music, which is the industry standard "proper encyclopedia" for music. Each article is written by a specific expert in that subject, This leads to them being tremendously detailed and informative. The downside is the process of compliation is slow and so even if you have a subscription to the electronic version it will be behind (sometimes years behind) the very latest research. UK and US banks absolutely do have reserve requirements and they are neither 1% nor 0%. I have no idea where you're getting that from. The reserve requirements vary by type of bank and type and risk weighting of asset. Here is the documentation that explains the capital requirements for a regulated entity (not just banks, but including banks) in the UK https://www.handbook.fca.org.uk/handbook/glossary/G1567.html Reserve requirements are capital requirements. "reserve" here is capital that you reserve to withstand losses in particular classes of assets. There are also requirements for particular proportions of the capital base to be held in liquid assets (cash and near cash) in order to pay back deposits etc. //edited to make the point about liquidity > A bit far-fetched; to really resonate the experiment should include some invented cultural baggage which is difficult to do on the spot.) I'll give you a concrete example from the world of finance. In options there are two main forms of exercise. You can have options which can be exercised at expiry and options that can be exercised at any point.[1] When the economist Paul Samuelson started to work on Wall street he was told that he would never truly be able to understand options because he was American and therefore the maths would be too complicated for his mind[2]. So when he came up with the first pricing model that could handle warrants that exercise at any point he named the simple case (at expiry) "European" and the complex case "American" as a dig at his detractors. For that reason to this day we have European and American styles of option exercise.[3] [1]You can also have options that can be exercised on a given set of dates which are sort of a half-way house but that is a more exotic and recent phenomenon. It is called "Bermudan" because Bermuda is in the ocean between Europe and America. [2]When I worked in finance (2000-2008) some of this bias still existed. Our swaps desk was almost entirely French. [3] Reference for the story although it is well known and there are many others https://www.macroption.com/american-vs-european-options/#ori... I don't really have a credible opinion on this topic. That said there are lots of examples of this type of thing in language. Eg in ancient Rome they used to think left-handedness was unnatural, so to this day there are negative words like "Sinister" which literally in Latin means "left" and positive words (dextrous, dexterity etc) which derive from "dexter" which is Latin for "right". Also "adroit" in English means "able" where "a droit" in French means "to the right". And "gauche" means clumsy or lacking grace in English whereas in French it means "left" Likewise "hysterical" derives from "hyster" (Uterus) and stems from the idea that the female reproductive system made women mad and incapable. I feel like one of the things that people miss often in discussing these topics is the asymmetry of power. If you're one of the people who has historically been discriminated against you may well have different feelings from people who has historically doing the discriminating. We should listen to each other more and if these terms are a barrier then there really is no harm to using other terms. I think using friendly language is the least I can do from the point of view of being courteous to others. One historical theory I read was that a lot of the negative stories about vikings were put about by disgruntled Britons who were unhappy because a lot of British women preferred to marry viking men because they used to wash once a week whereas the standard behaviour for British men was to wash once a year. > A later writing often credited to the Abbot of St. Albans > reports that "thanks to their habit of combing their hair > every day, of bathing every Saturday and regularly > changing their clothes, were able to undermine the virtue > of married women and even seduce the daughters of nobles > to be their mistresses." https://www.danishnet.com/vikings/cleanliness-did-vikings-ta... I know one place where they were forced to add a cookie popup as part of a GDPR compliance tickbox exercise. The kicker? They didn't have any cookies. After a fruitless attempt to persuade the person working through the aforementioned exercise that you only need a cookie popup if you have cookies, the popup was implemented. Of course you need to store the user's preference. So now the site needed to have a cookie. One cookie which just stores the fact that the user has or hasn't consented to cookies. What I want is them not to know anything about my profile or what I want and them not to send anything about me to anyone unless I ask them to. Which I'm not going to. That would be an actual win. Not showing me ads at all would be an additional icing on the cake. I even don't want to see ads about things I'm interested in. Just nothing. If a highway robber stops you and demands "your money or your life" and you object, they can't justifiably say "well if you don't pay me, how do you propose things work?" The responsibility isn't on the user to either consent to tracking or to come up with an alternative business model that allows people to monetize things. The responsibility for monetizing things falls on the people who want to do the monetizing. They have to figure out a business model that works and that users consent to. Love Italo Calvino. For people interested in getting into it, "If on a winter's night, a traveller" is probably the best place to start and isn't a tough read. That's half (within some tolerance). Realistically this is more akin to a physicist hearing from a non-physicist they have a design for a perpetual motion machine and declining to pursue it. Gödel was clearly a giant in his field but here he is completely outside of the rubric of things he was familiar with. Specifically the constitution describes a political system not a logical one and while logic is important for the law, it does not describe anything like a formal system of logic (in the mathematical sense). Judges are also incredibly busy and they probably had a huge caseload to deal with and little time right then for a detailed constitutional debate. This type of snarky tone isn't that constructive and doesn't add to debate. That being said, I don't see how the existence of image-gpt supports the notion that GeneralAI exists. Image-gpt couldn't (for example) write the next version of itself. Thoroughly deserved. My "Dragon Book" story is I went for a haircut in a pretty high-end salon. As a guy who was used to getting cheap haircuts in bargain places, I was feeling very out of place, which only became worse when they seated me next to a very glamourous-looking woman who was having a bunch of different highlighting and colouring things done to her hair. Then I noticed the book she was reading - the dragon book. We ended up having a fantastic conversation. There's no free lunch, and it's easy to overlook the compromises involved in the devices that used to have physical keyboards. By modern standards, blackberrys had a woefully small screen and phones with slideout keyboards were very fat. This device doesn't look fat which suggests to me that the compromise might be either battery life or low processor power. That said, although this is definitely not for me, it's generally good for the market to have some devices that are genuinely different rather than just another "me too" Samsung/iphone lookalike. It can be a very elegant way to encapsulate annoying complexity in an interface that is easy for callers to use correctly. Typical example: say you need to connect to an api that has pagination. You call it and you get a chunk which has a number of things and a counter of remaining chunks. Normally this king of thing requires the caller to keep a lot of messy state. with yield you can make an interface that the caller can just iterate over and it will give them one thing at a time and fetch the next chunk if the current one is exhausted and there are chunks remaining. The state of the "current chunk", "chunks remaining", index etc can all be enclosed so the caller doesn't need to know anything about them. One way to make that ordering work with Lydian is to start with Lydian and flatten one note each time. So say we start in C. C lydian, flatten the F# we have C Ionian, flatten the b we have C mixolydian, flatten the e we have C dorian, flatten the A we have C aeolian, flatten the d we have C phrygian, flatten the g we have C locrian Now we flatten the C (after all this is the next note in the cycle of fifths) and we have.... B lydian. And the whole thing starts again. In this way you can understand how all the modes and keys relate. You can do a similar thing with the other 3 similar modes of limited transposition in this order (melodic minor, harmonic minor and harmonic major). Have fun. Jazz musicians (and brass players) generally prefer playing in flat keys (because of transposition making the reading easier) so while "sharp" has a more positive connotation in normal use, if you asked a tenor saxophone player to play something in F# or C# they would generally not be pleased :-) It's sort of interesting how long this has worked, and as well as automated customer service the same or similar case can be made for automated moderation. You can often hear people on here excusing this by saying "if they didn't do this, their business model wouldn't scale". Well yes. If you can do the automation and it works then you have a business at scale. If not, perhaps your business shouldn't be a scale business. As is, the negative externalities of this imperfect automation are significant. I don't voice political opinions in the workplace because I don't think that's what the workplace is for. I don't "bring my whole self" to work any more than I "bring my whole self" anywhere else - different aspects of personality are appropriate in different settings. My family see different sides to me that others do not. Not only do I believe that's healthy, I believe it's normal and inevitable. I was also brought up to think that it was not polite to discuss politics or religion except with your closest friends. Generally this seems still to be good advice. As a slight aside to people talking about "cancel culture" etc, where I grew up if you voiced the wrong opinions you could just disappear and never be found again. This is still the case in many parts of the world. Most of the time when people mention this they seem to inherently be speaking from a position of privilege where they believe they have a right to be listened to without consequence, which I'm not sure has ever existed. "It seems this person had some kind of unusual attachment to different sorts of computer peripheral cables. In the remains of his house we found computer cables spanning at least 40 years worth of technology. Clearly he spent his life worrying about whether or not he might in future need to connect up peripherals that went to their grave decades before him." A similar premise underlies the amazing "Book of Dave" by Will Self. The book has two parallel time streams, one involving a London taxi driver in the present day and then one in the far future in which some writings of his have become the basis for a Taliban-like extremist religious society. It's an incredible book in particular if you know London and have been in a black cab and heard the sorts of banter London taxi drivers use, because in the "future" section everyone speaks in a corrupt English dialect based on this. You can also spot various London landmarks in the post-apocalyptic setting (eg the Centerpoint building). This snippet begs all the important questions. How is the value of "aggregate_periods_from_last_five_years of personal.property_ownership" calculated? What does it mean to own a property? Does it count if you jointly own a property with someone else? If so, how much of a percentage of ownership counts as ownership? What about if for some part of the 730 days the ownership of the property was subject to dispute and it could have been owned or not owned by the person in question? The whole thing smacks of false precision to me. It's precise about things that are not legally complex to be precise about in the current system, and the language gives the false impression that it's actually going to be possible to be precise about everything. Secondly, it feels like it will have a similar drawback to sql[1] in that it seems on the surface to be non-technical, but actually requires significant technical expertise to avoid numerous beartraps and understand anything beyond the very most obvious. [1] Which was originally intended to be a formal version of natural language understandable to non-technical people (hence the original name SEQUEL "Structured English Query Language") The law doesn't specify anything as precise as an algorithm. The law has multiple statutes, codes, precedents etc with overlapping applicability. Then in a particular case these are tried and humans come to a decision. Trying to pretend it's precise like a computer algorithm is I think a really big problem. The reason I posed those particular questions is that if you try to make this answer the questions you rapidly approach a level of complexity similar to the existing legal codes and still don't have something that could automatically be evaluated. >> Judging by how most people write code today, I find this idea terrifying > Most people today don't write code for safety critical systems. The abstract mentions they already uncovered a "bug" in an active law by rewriting it in their language, so it could be an immensely helpful tool for finding edge cases and loopholes in that mess. I'll give you an example from a field that I (unfortunately) have a reasonable amount of experience of where the law and contracts are supposed to be interpreted 100% literally like an algorithm: structured finance (eg the subject matter of the 2008 financial crisis). The prospectus of a structured security like a mortgage bond is typically a hundred or more pages of very dense legalese that was worked on intensively by highly-specialised lawyers and bankers for months. Its intent is to set up a small special-purpose company with strict rules on how it operates down to the last penny and zero discretion. This allows investors (in theory) to understand how the bond will perform. The opening chapter of my introductory textbook on structured credit analysis says the author (who has been part of those teams for years and has worked on hundreds or possibly thousands of bonds) has never read a bond prospectus for a structured security that does not contain serious drafting errors. I personally worked on a bond for months and read, edited and commented on the bond model and prospectus hundreds of times. We certainly were trying to make our prospectus as simple, clear and loophole-free as possible. Then a few years after it launched we discovered we had made a big mistake in drafting it that had gone unnoticed by me, the expert bankers and lawyers and all the investors so far. Luckily we were able to fix the problem without negative consequences. There is literally no chance that this error would have been found or solved by a formal system and if anything it would actually have been worse. Some things are complex enough that they are just very hard to do. The existing system allows for that by having a rigorous process of dispute, interpretation and argument to decide complex questions post facto. Not smart contracts exactly but there is a specific part of each bond called the waterfall (basically specifies what happens with all the cashflows under different circumstances and is a little bit like an equity cap table plus liquidity preferences). I've always thought there should be a dsl specifying the waterfall that can be used for the bond model and used to generate the legalese in the prospectus. A common problem is the bond model doesn't match the prospectus and that problem would just disappear. I intend to do this as a research project if I ever get time (it's been 12 years since I had the idea to do this so it may never happen...). Sure, but the problem is then it's not very interesting. There are lots of real-world systems already that do this with existing laws and existing programming languages (eg in the UK where I live the the tax service has a free web filing system where you fill in your tax return online, it checks it for correctness and tells you how much you owe or are owed (if you have overpaid). I used to work at a company (not Amazon) with a similar "cut x% each year" philosophy. In spite of this on one high-performing team there was one very poorly-performing person and it was completely obvious. One day over drinks the manager told me "He's my designated fire-ee . If I don't have turnover from people leaving naturally then he's there to take the bullet when the cut comes. If someone leaves during the year then he survives until the next cycle". I even know a manager (as here) who specifically hired someone so they wouldn't need to cut any of their productive people. Stack rank and cut produces perverse incentives. We have a friend who is an actual architect. Her children sleep on the second floor of a house she designed herself and built (with her husband). I wonder how many self-described software architects would have the confidence in their skills and the quality of their work product to put their money where their mouth is in the same way? Team concepts which put one person in the center as the single source of all knowledge have a lot of advantages if that person is really good, but carry a lot of risk if they are not. There's a reason you train to an extremely high level before you become the chief surgeon in an actual surgical team. In the UK the building inspectors are not engineers. They're council employees with a checklist. But yes I take your point. It boggles my mind how far behind the payments curve the US is. If you go to India or Indonesia you can pay guy cooking street food at the side of the road by scanning a QR code but in New York you still have people paying for sandwiches in Pret a Manger using a cheque. I didn't just read it online- this is based on my experience as a UK citizen who used to live and work in Manhattan a lot up to 2 years ago (think: not permanently but enough in any given year to have to pay Federal and NY state income tax). More than once I saw people do this to buy sandwiches in the financial district and near to Madison square park, and I've even see people pay for groceries by cheque and get cash back the way that that people used to before ATMs existed. I can dimly remember my parents doing this maybe 40 years ago but have certainly never done myself. I was also for some time the unhappy owner of an extremely small number of shares and the company insisted on sending me my dividend (less than $5) every quarter by cheque. When I opened my US bank account they asked me how many cheques I wanted "to get started". I said none. Like why would I ever use one for anything? I don't use a quill pen either. Banks aren't at all like a supposedly pegged cryptocurrency. Secondly banks don't have a 0% reserve requirement against all types of RWA. They have specifically low reserve requirements against certain types of assets but if you look at the balance sheet of a bank you'll see that their capital reserves are not zero. The Fed removed the reserve requirement on eligible deposits and moved to the "ample reserves" system where they pay interest on reserves that depositary institutions lodge with them but which a specific reserve requirement against liabilities is not needed. Banks are still required to have reserves against risk-weighted assets (remember that deposits are a liability) and to cover liquidity and macroprudential risk. Here's the fed policy note https://www.federalreserve.gov/monetarypolicy/reservereq.htm and here's an explanation of the "ample reserves" system https://www.federalreserve.gov/econres/notes/feds-notes/impl... If you wanted to operate a fully legitimate tethered cryptocurrency, you have to do two things. Firstly you have to make public the basket of holdings backing the currency and secondly you have to bake in an arbitrage mechachanism to ensure the price of the basket and the price of teh currency don't drift too much. The way this works for the most obvious analogous product I can think of in the financial markets (index ETFs like SPY https://www.ssga.com/us/en/institutional/etfs/funds/spdr-sp-... for instance) is known as the ETF creation and redemption mechanism. For any given ETF there is a pool of participating brokers who are entitled to create or redeem units in the etf with the ETF administrator. So if the price of the ETF gets too high relative to the assets then these brokers can buy the assets in the market and hand them in to the ETF admin who will add those assets to the ETF and give them in return the new units that are created as a result. This has the effect of raising the prices of the constituents and reducing the price of the ETF units (when the broker then sells those new units), bringing the prices back into equilibrium. Conversely if the ETF units are too cheap, the broker can buy the units in the market and redeem them for the correct proportion of underlying assets (ie exactly the reverse process) bringing the price into balance the opposite way. It's incredibly important for this mechanism (and the public record of assets in the basket it relies on) to be built in to the process if the price is to be truly tethered. Otherwise the tether is just an illusion and in the ETF world, ETFs which didn't have this type of mechanism went completely haywire and became defunct. Source please? The deposit rate that customers expect is higher than the rate they would get for storing liquidity with the fed so their spread is already negative. That means there already isn't anything for them to "take a few basis points for themselves" out of. The Fed pays 10bps IOER or IORR rates https://www.federalreserve.gov/monetarypolicy/reqresbalances... CDs are paying about 45bps eg https://www.salliemae.com/banking/certificates-of-deposit/?d... So on a gross basis this plan already loses them 35bps before any costs they have themselves. If they actually planned to do this and the fed didn't approve the plan, it's because it's not economically viable not because it somehow posed a threat to the system. Not sure they still do this, but when I deleted my Facebook account (some years ago) there were numerous dark patterns designed to get me to relent, including at one point showing me pictures of some of my friends and saying "Are you sure you want to do this? will miss you" etc. It was incredibly manipulative. Another really great example which works exactly the same is shaving soap. Shaving soap is more environmentally friendly (because it doesn't require an aerosol can etc) lasts way longer and is therefore tons cheaper than shaving creme. It also actually gives you a better shave, which is why if you go to a barber and get a shave it's what they use. But the vast majority of people use shaving creme because that is marketed and shaving soap is not. As a student I had a bar of shaving soap that literally lasted me more than a year shaving every day. Presumably companies realised they can make a much better business by encouraging people to buy an inferior product with higher margins that doesn't last as long. If you haven't read any Virginia Woolf, I strongly recommend Mrs Dalloway. Just an incredible novel and more approachable as a starting point than, say, Orlando. Which standard distribution are you running that doesn't self-update? All of the ones I use (Fedora, Centos, Debian, Ubuntu, Qubes) do this and have done for years. Money laundering is linked to criminal activity by definition. It literally means introducing the proceeds of criminal activity into the legitimate financial system. https://www.investopedia.com/terms/m/moneylaundering.asp Banks are required by law to do this type of tracking on their normal bank accounts and file reports of any suspicious activity they see. The fact that the transactions aren't public means there isn't a third party that can do it and one bank can't follow the chain once a transaction goes to another bank. That work has to be done in the context of a legal investigation. If it's not the proceeds of crime, but just money leaving because of unfavourable domestic policies, it's normally called "capital flight" rather than money laundering. This would significantly degrade the HN experience for me for two reasons. Firstly it would make submission titles much longer and therefore make the hn page less compact. Secondly it would open the door to editorializing in the submission title, which is generally undesireable. In this specific instance, terraform is not exactly an obscure piece of tech. Do you really think your suggested title is an improvement? I'm not saying your title was, just that people posting titles would often struggle to keep them neutral. This would be especially the case in topics that tend to be hot-button areas for HN such as privacy, anything to do with US politics, free speech vs platform moderation etc. Some of these suggestions seem great, this "time well spent" popup would be infuriating in use. As is, I hate the way apps, websites and others bombard me with constant requests for reviews, feedback, ratings etc. When I use my coffee grinder it doesn't ask how I liked my grind (thumbs up/thumbs down/Marks out of 5/rating from "Absolutely satisfied" to "terminal ennui"). I press the button and it grings coffee exactly how I ask it to every time. I want other things to be the same. Just do the thing and stop wasting my time being so needy just because you want to feel good about your analytics. Someone should make a browser plugin that puts you into a seperate random cohort with every click. It could be called "Floc off" There are technical things we could discuss but it's tricky without going all music nerd on you so I'll argue by analogy from the visual arts. John Coltrane is the mac daddy saxophonist. He is the capo da tutti capi. The recordings of his golden period (eg Crescent, A love Supreme etc) are the Mona Lisa. Coltrane: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mona_Lisa#/media/File:Mona_Lis... By contrast Kenny Gs recordings are Trechikof's "Chinese Girl" - Extremely popular but kind of terrible. http://i.huffpost.com/gen/958528/images/o-CHINESEGIRL-facebo... Just like it's fine to prefer Phil Collins' version of "You Can't Hurry Love" to the original[1], it's fine to like Kenny G's music - you should like whatever you like. But it's not being a "purist" to dislike it. When people get to a certain level of education in their music taste they start to realise some of its shortcomings. For anyone intimidated by Coltrane, I recommend just getting "Ballads" or "Coltrane and Johnny Hartman". They are incredibly beautiful music that I have successfully played to all manner of non jazz enthusiasts. [1]Actually that one really isn't fine. He messes up the iconic James Jamerson bassline by removing the beautiful anticipated quavers that give the original so much drive. Once you hear it the Phil Collins version seems so incredibly pedestrian. Their proprietary securities database (called "SecDB" which actually is the internal name for all the quant analytics. The database itself is actually called a "SecServ") and it's associated programming language (called "Slang") are certainly very strange in many ways, but they do not predate the creation of C. In fact it was all written in C++ and Java and then more recently I think they added a bunch of Scala code. Source: Was a "strat" (quant developer in the front office at Goldman) for 8 years, including starting in the group that used to run version repo, CI/CD pipeline and internal build and distribution tooling for all of this. Think a code pipeline that builds circa 30m lines of C++, 20-ishm lines of Java code daily on 3 different platforms (Linux, Solaris and Windows) and distributes it globally across thousands of machines every 2 weeks and if mistakes are made it can cost millions of USD. And this predates most of what people think of as "devops" by some years (I was there 2002-2010 ish). Couple of fun facts to think about. 1)In any given 2 week release cycle (we didn't call them sprints) you would have just a bit shy of 700 individual devs checking in C++ or Java code. 2)The source code repo was CVS I did the ports from pre-ansi to ansi C++ compilers on all three platforms (in each case with one other dev specific to the platform) and this was in the days when template instantiation compile error messages would be literally 50+ pages long. I got very good with vim and quickfix lists :-) What's stopping you is they wouldn't give you membership when you reapply. You can have your ability to deal in the financial markets removed for a bunch of things but in particular any sort of official sanction for dishonesty or fraud. There was a senior portfolio manager at Blackrock who was banned from the securities industry for ticket fraud on his daily commute (albeit over a number of years). https://www.theguardian.com/business/2014/dec/15/ca-ban-4300... Why would you think FINRA has no interest in enforcing it's punishments? If they didn't enforce their punishments then they wouldn't have any authority over their members, so I expect they want to have opportunities to enforce punishments. You'll be AOK as long as the TCQ doesn't give you a TKO and the AETN doesn't overheat. If either of those happens you have to RTB for resupply. If you're happy with the command line, using something like pass ( https://www.passwordstore.org/ ) is worth serious consideration rather than rolling your own. It is GPLv2 and has a number of benefits, including the fact that your passwords are stored encrypted in a git repo and if you do "pass edit" it will call out to $EDITOR to do your edits, putting encryption/decryption and git transparently on both sides. There are definitely large organizations who run split horizon DNS because back in the mists of time they made poor choices and assigned IP addresses that were in the public address namespace (ie not a 10. or 192.168.1. etc) that they didn't own randomly to a large number of legacy subnets within their network. It's now too painful to migrate them, so they are a wart that has to be lived with until they eventually retire. In the meantime they have to use split dns so they are able to keep things kinda working. I have personally worked at least a couple of large orgs that have this setup (ie 100s or 1000s of ancient devices on internal networks squatting on what are actually public IPs). One of the fundamental ideas the parent mentioned is divident/split/"corporate event" data. If you're serious about understanding equities, you have to account for these or everything will be off. If you're new to stocks, the main corporate events are: 1)Dividends - stocks sometimes pay out some cash or cash-equivalent stock to holders. This causes the price to briefly drop after the date because if you tihnk about on one day you were going to own (say) Microsoft with $100 in the bank, the next day if you're a holder, you own Microsoft (with only $95 in the bank because it's paid out a dividend) and you get $5 dividend. But if you buy on that second day, you only get Microsoft with $95 in the bank. So the price on the second day should be lower. 2)Splits/reverse splits - Companies sometimes decide to adjust the number of shares issued and the price will adjust pro rata. So for example, say the price is $100 and there are 100 shares, then next day the stock splits 2 for 1 so there are 200 shares now. The company is the same, so the price will be half (ie $50). If your market data does not adjust for these (or allow you to adjust), then these effects will wreck any kind of model you try to build. Other things you definitely need to be able to do/get: 1)Basket/index/etf compositions. If you're doing any kind of trading of stock etfs, index options/futures etc you need to know what's in the basket and how that changes. This also matters if you're trading things like the russel rebalance, where there is a lot of trading around what stocks go into or out of the indices 2)Calendars for earnings, market holidays etc. You can get this from a third-party source but you definitely need it from somewhere. Simple unalterable "decision log" would be: 1)set up an email alias decisionlog@ . It mails to a folder people can read. This is the unalterable part. Digital signatures etc are not needed unless you're worried about your employees pwning your mail server. 2)Post emails in that folder to slack using one of the solutions here https://slack.com/intl/en-gb/help/articles/206819278-Send-em... . Or don't, you know. Not everything has to be in slack. 3)Get beer. You're done In my experience much of the time when people say they need a knowledge hub/decision log/wiki etc those things are available but underused or not useful. The challenge is that when corporate knowledge gets past a certain threshold the amount of time needed to catch up on parts you've missed and the tendency for the usefulness of those information resources to decay over time comes to dominate. However you store your decision log, in a year you'll have hundreds or thousands of decisions in the log and entropy will rapidly set in. Yes to all of your questions. But the point is on day zero (technically the last "cum dividend" day) you get the stock plus the right to receive a dividend the next day, and on day zero + one (the first "ex dividend" day) you don't get the right to the dividend, but everyone who was a holder yesterday gets the dividend. So the stock price drops by the amount of the dividend. Lots of ways to do this, but one way is install poppler-utils so you get pdfunite, make sure your filenames for the pages lexicographically sort in the order you want the pages to end up[1], then do pdfunite page*.pdf output.pdf I have had decent results using pdftk as well to do pdf surgery so that's another option. In this case, if you do a recursive wget I think it should "just work" because the files are named in a friendly way. So, putting it all together: wget -r 'https://dropbox.github.io/dbx-career-framework/overview.html' cd dropbox.github.io/dbx-career-framework ls ic*software*.html | sed 's/.html$//' | while read f ; do pandoc --pdf-engine=wkhtmltopdf $f.html -o $f.pdf done pdfunite ic*.pdf output.pdf [1] ie the ordering of the output of "ls" is the order you want the pages in the output pdf That's the old school unix way. "-n" was introduced with POSIX iinvmm Remeniscent of the "Duplicator" storyline from Calvin and Hobbes https://calvinandhobbes.fandom.com/wiki/Duplicator Unless you're Jonathan Schrantz, who famously beat stockfish on the hardest difficulty as black by playing the Stafford gambit. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=27829913 That being said it doesn't work with Stockfish 12. But yeah dressing what is essentially a pure con (I don't think these even count as games of luck given the payout is not fair from game to game) as a game o skill is terrible. That's annoying. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6miHXytFWQ is the original. He has done some followups. For non-chess people, the Stafford is pretty dubious but very trappy. Had a fun one just happen to me in the last few days. I got contacted by an agent out of the blue. "Hey Sean we've got a role that you seem perfect for, just sign this NDA so we can talk." I look at the NDA and it includes a noncompete for the duration of the project + 12 months after. The nda is also not mutual so the noncompete and nondisclosure is only binding on me not the other party. In fact I don't even know who the other party is or what they do. Only if I sign this then for an undisclosed period of the project + 12 months _whether or not I get the job_ I can't compete with them whatever they do. I get back to the agent and say there's no way I can sign a noncompete until I know what it is I'm committing not to compete with. The guy spends several days trying various desperate negotiating tactics "I spoke to my boss and he says there really is no risk to you if you sign this, it's totally standard"... "I spoke with our CFO and you have to sign for us to proceed"....(That's great for your boss and CFO but I'm the one on the hook here if I sign, not them) "The noncompete really doesn't commit you to anything, but you have to sign..." (if it doesn't commit me to anything there's no downside to you removing it) ... "The client is so secretive and the project such a big deal we can't risk it leaking..." etc. At each point I just held firm and said there's no way I can sign a noncompete unless I know what I'm committing not to compete with. After one more go of "there's no way we can go ahead without an NDA in place" (even though I've already said I'm happy with the NDA as long as they strike the noncompete clause) I said "OK well in that case it's 'no thanks' from me". 24 hours later they get back to me with "What about if we tell you who the client is, will you sign then?". I'm just letting them marinade for now... I currently don't know. Just dealt with a random agency who was representing them. Something approaching this is certainly possible and is the status quo in other countries. I remember a Swedish colleague demonstrating their tax system by filling out his return on his mobile phone live in front of an audience about 5 or 6 years ago. It involved literally no typing - all the numbers were already there, he just had to check them and hit "accept" or challenge anything that was wrong. At the end it told him how much he still owed/was owed. In the UK a very substantial portion of my tax return is trivial to fill out, and filing online doesn't require any kind of software - the uk hmrc website does all the calculations for you. I was absolutely flabberghasted when I had to complete a US tax return a few years back at how incredibly archaic and byzantine the process was. It could certainly be a lot simpler which would save time and money for both the citizens and the IRS themselves. Sharding by customer has a lot of benefits for b2b applications also. You can run each customer in a seperate instance in their own vpc if you want to, and guarantee to your customers that their data is never commingled with another customer. This makes a lot of sense if you have relatively low number relatively high value customers. It radically reduces the infosec/screw up blast radius. For example it means however badly you screw up it is just about impossible to accidentally show data from customer A to a user from customer B. You can let customers specify region/availability zone and bring their own keys for encryption making lots of enterprise security compliance things easier (for regulated use cases). There is no one true way of scaling that suits all possible use cases and as engineers, we should think for ourselves and build a solution that works well in our situation, rather than thinking you have to do a certain thing because that's what google/facebook etc do. Their scaling problems are most likely really different to yours. Autonomy always seemed to sail pretty closed to the wind. Around 2000 they came to me to see if I would buy their semantic doc indexing thing for a dotcom I was IT director of. I said it was quite expensive and we didn't need it. They then came back with a proposal where we would buy some expensive HP SAN disk drives (that we also didn't need), they would throw the text index thing in "for free" and they claimed it would be worth our while because we would be able to write off the depreciation on the shitty disk drives against tax. I said it seemed really sketchy and I didn't want the maintenance burden of an additional SAN solution to look after. Some companies definitely do this, having seperate "strategy" and "execution" functions for example and often the results aren't great because the strategy part just gets to think "blue sky" thoughts and doesn't need to commit to actually making anything work because they aren't involved in the actual implementation once the decision is made. This can be even worse when consultants do the strategy part as they get to drop slideware and leave others to do the dirty work. Often the slideware is even just ideas taken from the people on the execution side, furthering resentment. What can work well is simply being more deliberately thoughtful about decision-making processes. For example Bridgewater Associates (the hedge fund) has internal principles that rather than trying to solve a particular problem, you should imagine you are designing a machine to solve the problem, and also that rather than just doing a particular thing, you think about yourself directing a movie of the thing. This allows you to compare what you're seeing to the "script of the movie" (your plan) you developed beforehand, to assess your outcomes. The basic idea is that there is almost always value in investing in the "second order" thing (the design of the process, including decision-making processes) over and above the value of just achieving the outcome of the process (ie getting a decision). If you're interested in the above, it's worth reading "Principles" by Ray Dalio. Edit: added note about strategy consultants. Qubes OS is perfectly usable if you are a technical person and describes itself as "reasonably secure" https://www.qubes-os.org/ . They take the security challenges of all the layers of the onion pretty seriously and have built a system that works well for many threat models. You do have to put up with some inconvenience (eg copying and pasting between vms etc) but you get a lot for that. Yeah. In my experience it has worked great on things like Lenovo Thinkpads and I also have it running on a Pureism Librem 15. It's sometimes a bit inconvenient but is totally usable as a daily main work OS (I used to use it as such). This list could have been generated by pointing GPT-3 at a list of self-help websites. Thalidomide was a terrible medical scandal, but it's not a vaccine. Secondly it didn't cause something unexpected 10 years from injection, it had a side-effect if you were pregnant while taking it. Employers decide that about literally all the characteristics in the hiring process and all the conditions of continued employment. You may don't think it's ok that they get to fire you if you violate the "acceptable use" conditions of their information security policy either, but that doesn't actually matter. Since abiding by the acceptable use terms is (almost always) a condition of continued employment they can and will. There are unions in the film industry for example which seems extremely comparable. Yeah exactly. Also top tip is if you actually catch a vampire in DF a known thing is to imprison them in a room with all your switch levers in and a desk and chair so you can make them your accountant. They don't kill anyone that way and can do useful work. They certainly are a union and describe themselves as such. For example, from https://www.wga.org/the-guild/about-us/guide-to-the-guild "We are the Writers Guild of America West (WGAW), a labor union composed of the thousands of writers who write the content for television shows, movies, news programs, documentaries, animation, and Internet and mobile phones (new media) that keep audiences constantly entertained and informed. " This case literally is the citation. He was found to have done this, which is why he will go to jail. No it does not imply that. If they themselves describe themselves as a union it seems strange not to take that at face value. That being said, even if you don't accept that, there are unions (not guilds) for independent contractors in the creative fields for example in the UK the musicians' union and Equity (the actors' union). If you are hiring musicians or actors in the UK you will for sure be hiring the specific people you want and they will very likely be members of the union. Your example about hiring union workers may be how it works in the US but is not the case in other countries - you would hire them just like any other independent contractor or employee. Source: I have been a member of both creative and non-creative unions in my career. I've been in the musicians' union and my wife and many friends are members of the ISM (another union for musicians with more traction in the classical music world) and I have also been a member of a more conventional union (the GMB or "General Municipal and Boilermakers' union") believe it or not. In no case have I ever been hired on the basis of a process like you describe. That quote is actually from Machiavelli's "The Prince" and is often misattributed to Leonardo. https://suebrewton.com/2016/07/31/no-leonardo-da-vinci-did-n... The ruling that has been linked in another comment and if you read that you can see that in this case neither side disputed the lawful nature of the restrictive order. In other words noone involved claimed the judge didn't have the legal right to tell Murray not to allow identification of the complainers. I remember having a whiteboard conversation with an Enterprise IT architect. I drew my usual diagram of the actual systems and services and how they connect. He rubbed out all the arrows, drew a triangle and had all the arrows flowing into and out of the triangle. "What's the triangle?" I (perhaps naively) asked. "That's the source of ontological truth". That's when I realised there's a whole other level of ability that some people have. This guy was a zen master of bullshit. PoS should be less centralized than PoW as I understand it. At least in Ethereum if you stake your 32 ETH then you get transactions to validate assigned to you randomly. You don't need a purpose-built rig with a ton of hash power to compete so smaller players are incentivized to participate, leading to a far greater incentive to run a node. Weirdly pointless article to have on the front page. the author literally gives the explanation in the first paragraph- with throwing events absolute distance has to be weighed against safety of officials, other athletes running on the track and spectators in the stadium beyond. Very unfortunate timing unearthing this right now too given that a great throw by Chopra and the inability of the favourites to perform under the conditions has just given India their first ever olympic gold medal in track and field. I don't buy the whole premise about storytelling being the big thing. In particular I think doing the thing is much much much much much more important than telling the story. If you do the thing then the story tells itself. I was 1 of a team of 2 or 3 on every pitch in 2 or 3 separate processes to raise over 1bn dollars and make the company I worked for (OakNorth) the most valuable fintech in Europe at the time. We did about 30 investor meetings covering everyone in the PE world, some of the big tech investors, some key VCs, some family offices etc. We ended up massively oversubscribed so and picked the investors we thought were the best fit. In every single pitch the most important things were: 1. your company should actually do something important/valuable. Solve an important problem etc. 2. you should have a plan for a future where the unit economics work, and you should know the plan inside and out 3. you should have thought through something about how what your company does intersects with *this particular investor's* interests, and be able to articulate that clearly 4. You should have clear asks - not just money for valuation but what else you're looking to get from them (strategic advice, intros, synergies with other companies in their portfolio etc). The deck, pitch itself etc are much less important than doing something important and actually knowing what you're talking about. In particular, avoid the thought that you can hack the process with a slick pitch and a cool-looking deck. It may take you to a first meeting, but it's not going to get you to close with anyone of substance. I hope this gets taken to court and this company gets shut down. I'm not a patent (or any other kind of) lawyer but I do hold a couple of patents and I feel some confidence reading it, that CSP would not be held to breach this patent for a couple of reasons: Firstly the patent describes a method of preventing cross-site scripting attacks by using preshared secrets which it describes throughout as passwords. A client-side "filter" is described in the invention, which disables "untrusted" sources unless they know the secret. The owner of a site turning on CSP can't possibly be violating the patent because the filtering in both the invention and the real CSP implementation happens at the client. The patent would have to cover the method of generating or publishing the nonces for the site owner to be in violation. If anyone is violating the patent (and I don't believe anyone is) it would be the people who make browsers which use the CSP headers to decide whether or not to execute script code. It also describes various systems ("unsafe function" rewriting, etc) which don't exist in CSP and instead focuses purely on the idea that a nonce is a preshared secret password which can be checked by a "filter" on the client side. I don't really see Docker having that much of an alternative - they have to figure out some way to make money and none of their other attempts have worked. That being said, since the core docker tech is free, this will surely just cause some free alternative to DD to spring up in the relatively short term, and accelerate the move away from Docker in general, which has been happening for a while. I'm not sure that's the reason you're being downvoted. You could be being downvoted because the BBC article in the OP says that there was a New Yorker article and The FAA have said there is an investigation. You're concluding that the FAA is doing the investigation because of the New Yorker article. Another (perhaps simpler) explanation of the same facts is that the FAA were doing an investigation (either because of what the agents on the ground told them or because of the flight data or whatever) but it wasn't reported in the press (and the FAA didn't make a statement) until the New Yorker article came out. Also you're probably further being downvoted because whining about being downvoted is a surefire way to get downvoted. I don't understand where people got this narrow interpretation of the SEC's mandate. The SECs mandate in the securities Act has 3 parts 1)Protecting investors 2)Facilitating capital formation 3)Orderly capital markets. It absolutely is about investor protection broadly. Check out 15 U.S.C 78aaa through 78lll https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/15/78aaa Yup I know about the SEC vs CFTC turf war. I've actually had meetings with both of those regulators where they've staked overlapping claims to regulate certain things. As nice as it would be to have a clearer setup, the way financial regulations work in the US is that there are lots of areas of overlap (state vs federal as well as with multiple agencies) and if you're a regulated entity you have to keep all of the regulators satisfied. And even if you're not a regulated entity they can (in certain cases) just decide you are. For example if you make banking software believe it or not at some point the OCC will just decide you're important enough that you have regulatory obligations and they will examine you (I know about that case specifically through personal experience). I really don't see why you're saying they have a poor claim to regulate here. There is a clear investor protection angle and that's in their remit. Coin issuers can't claim that it's only qualified investors that are affected and the SEC has traditionally protected retail investors. Secondly the SEC could make a case through their remit on orderly markets and capital formation. An option gives the right but not the obligation to buy (or sell) something at a given price (the "strike") in the future. Equity in this case is that thing. The equity can be structured such that it sits behind other investors in liquidation preferences etc meaning it doesn't have economic value until the share price/valuation hits a particular hurdle (similar to the strike price on an option). So while they are similar in terms of economic impact, the equity can have other rights attached (eg voting, ROFR for dilution etc) that a founder might want. Also crucially you already have the equity so you don't have to pay up to buy it (as you would in the case of a call option). Finally as always there may be tax implications which make the difference meaningful. Tax arbitrage is often part of the calculus for any kind of weird compensation package. I have no idea what you're getting at here, but it certainly isn't any kind of response to the actual article posted. I'm obviously not the person you responded to, but one thing to note is that the stack is going to be a more useful source of debugging information if the function call stack is encoding the logic of the program, which I would assert is more often the case in imperative style programming. Imagine for example a state machine implemented two ways. In an imperative style where you have a big if STATE_IS_X /then function_x() /else if STATE_IS_Y ... tree calling a function for each state. Secondly in a functional style where you have a pattern match on a list of tuples of (state, function). In the first case the stack tells you exactly which state you were in and which function got called. In the second case the call stack will look the same in each case because you just match on the first part, unpack the second part into a variable and call the function in the variable. Other countries have no problem prosecuting lawmakers for insider trading. Sure, but in the wild, you would actually run the thing in the repl to see what it does. So either you know the answer or you don't and it doesn't affect whether or not you can do the job well. In my opinion binary knowledge-based questions are seldom useful unless you specifically are checking for that exact knowledge. You can have someone who is totally terrible in general but just knows that one thing or the answer to that specific trick question and you can have people who would be fantastic for the role but either don't know the answer or can't think of it because of a mental block in the moment. ie the false negative and false positive rate are too high and your question is just a random classifier. Questions that allow a person to show their skill and their thought process are much more revealing. They're much harder to fake and bluff your way through for poor candidates and they allow good candidates to show their skill. They require a bit more effort from the interviewer though because there isn't just one right answer and you have to sacrifice the idea that you get an ego boost by dunking on some poor candidate with your trick question. An example of a question I used to ask when interviewing candidates who said they were good at unix: "Say I have a directory full of files called a, b, c, etc and I want to rename them all to a.bar, b.bar, c.bar etc how do I do that"? Then I would follow up with "Ok now I have a directory full of files called a.bar, b.bar, c.bar etc and I want to rename them back to a, b, c, how do I do that?". Now if you know unix you know there are a bunch of ways to do this, there are a bunch of traps you can fall into, what if there are too many files for shell expansion, what if the file names contain spaces etc. It's not hard for someone skillful to come up with a few ways that deal with these issues and if they can talk through how they did it and why then any of them are fine. Edit to add: There is a kernel of value here though, which is say you were debugging a thing where the result was an empty string and you thought "wow, that makes no sense", maybe you get to understanding what went wrong when you see that two arrays are getting type coerced or something. Anyone who is building a plan like this needs to seriously consider whether 7% is yield realistic in the long term. I would contend that for that yield you are taking some risk which in this plan you can't afford. A very commonly quoted "safe" yield assumption is 4%. Yes you can earn more, but in many cases for more yield you are taking more risk. For example the author mentions private loans and syndications, which carry a significant risk of loss of capital. Since they are planning to live on the proceeds of that capital, a loss would be a big problem, because your retirement income may not be easy to supplement (lots of older people find they can't work or can't easily get a job). That seems a much better plan than the author's, because if things go wrong you still have the original asset to fall back on (you can move back into your house if the bottom falls out of the airbnb thing and you can't live on it any more). If you invest in the S&P total return and take out 7% per year your capital will dwindle pretty quickly. The annualised total return on the S&P since 2000 has been 3.31% https://www.buyupside.com/alphavantagelive/stockreturncalcco... Selling covered calls is a bet that the market isn't going to go up. In a rising market your equity gets called away so it just gives up much of your upside. > there's a good chance one of them knows something the other does not Or that the assignment of points is arbitrary and imprecise and that different people have different ways of making up numbers. That for sure seems useful. "Hey Sally, you think B is harder than A. Why do you think it's hard?" "Hey Bob, you disagreed with Sally and think B is easier, why is that?"...is very likely to lead to a useful conversation in terms of everyone getting in sync and may well lead to hidden information being brought out into the open, which is a good thing. In general I think relative value/preference type conversations tend to reveal a lot. An index is a curation of content. If done well it saves you the time that you would otherwise spend trying to craft exactly the right search expression to find what you're looking for from a full-text search. "The Open Society and its Enemies" by Karl Popper would be one thought-provoking contribution on this topic. Non-fungible doesn't mean something can't be divided, it means a specific one just can't be substituted for another one. An example: If I trade oil, one barrel of oil with a certain spec[1] is fungible with another barrel of oil with the same spec. If I sell you some oil you don't care which specific barrel you get as long as it's the same kind of thing. Likewise if you borrow 10 dollars from me you can pay me back with any combination of notes up to the value of 10 dollars, you don't have to give me back the specific bills I gave you. On the other hand, things like art are not fungible. If I loan a Van Gogh to a gallery I very much want the same piece to be sent back to me after the exhibition is done. It's not ok for them to send me something else. Even if it's "sunflowers" (since Van Gogh painted a few of those and they are quite similar), I want the actual one I loaned to be sent back to me. Normal bitcoins or ETH are fungible whereas NFTs are non-fungible. The specific one you have matters usually because it represents a digital proof of ownership of some specific resource (a bored ape or whatever). [1] The spec for oil types standardises particular grades and then people trade a standard barrel size (called a bbl which is short for "blue barrel" because they used to be painted blue). "Brent" and "WTI" are different grades. A barrel of brent is fungible with another barrel of brent but not with a barrel of WTI because that's a different grade. Fungible doesn't mean divisable. That does not imply non-fungible means something is divisable. I gave an example of somithing fungible which isn't divisable (a barrel of oil) and one which is (dollars). In fact I also gave an example of something non-fungible which is non-divisable (Van Gogh's Sunflowers). I'm struggling to think of something non-fungible which is divisable, but in any case I'm pretty sure NFTs are not divisable. It might be the case that non-fungible implies non-divisable but fungible things can be divisable or not. How do you account for survivorship bias in your chosen group of "good organisational builders"? Organisations which have been successful in their domain could have internal organisational problems but succeed in spite of them because of other exogenous factors (luck, overwhelming product/market fit etc). Are the people who built those organisations good builders? Conversely you could concieve a brilliant org design but the org itself fails. That would not make you a bad org builder. Set your browser to not autoplay videos if you don't like them. THen you never have to see them. That's not necessarily the case here. When the investor in this example makes the initial investment, they are factoring in the possibility of failure and weighing that the compensation for this is the ability to participate in upside in the case of success. If they don't get a right of first refusal to participate in subsequent funding their upside is capped because a big investor will come in and want to take down the entire round (I have been involved in several funding situations and big investors very often want to do this in my experience). They will be left with a tiny stake and don't get to share in subsequent growth. The whole VC ecosystem would change if investors knew on their losing bets they would take the full loss and on the winners their upside would be hard capped because they wouldn't be able to follow on. It would be much harder for companies to get funding in that world. Anecdotally, as my friends age I have noticed a few getting larger phones so they can accommodate a bigger font size and not own up to needing glasses. This correlates with them having more disposable income so is a market the manufacturers want to go after. I could see how they could learn to approximate the function if they could observe the internal state, but without being able to see the state, if it's a strong PRNG how would they be able to do it? Edit: Reading the paper they're approximating xorshift which as I understand it is fast and efficient but has very little internal state and is not a strong PRNG. A really important element of this I think is neuroplasticity (the brain's ability to rewire itself) and I feel that the placebo effect along with other psychosomatic effects is an important part of that. If you read "The Brain that Changes itself" for example, there's a lot of info into studies of visualisation as a treatment for chronic pain. The short summary is that there is a lot of research into people for whom normal pain treatments have been exhausted getting some relief from using visualisations to essentially reinforce other neural pathways so the pain circuits in the brain are not triggered as much. Some of this research is referenced in the book. I absolutely would have guessed Stafford as the top with Englund near so the resulting ranking seems to correspond strongly with my intuition at least. I'm surprised Blackmar-Diemer is so high but maybe that becomes more viscious when you're higher rated than I am. Well my desktop PC picked today to decide it just wasn't going to boot up any more, making this a pretty straightforward decision... I have heard a few people say things like this, but I have been using ddg for years and I think I could count the number of times I got nothing back on the fingers of one hand, and those were times I was using incredibly specific search terms +"leprachaun eating marrow" +gif -funny or whatever (haven't tried that exact search but you get the idea). Occasionally I try google search to check and I virtually never think google's results were better. But I'm guessing a lot of that is down to how you do search-fu, what you're actually looking for and subjective stuff about ranking quality. Maybe you shouldn't collect the information about anybody unless you have a way of discriminating. I run some (low-traffic) websites. I don't collect any information about anyone. It's not essential. There's a very clear conflict of interest between ads and everything else google does, and the documents alledge some abuses of the monopoly position around that conflict. So any kind of antitrust breakup is very likely to start there. Personally, I think it would be quite interesting to split ads from everything else and then split ads itself into a few competing entities. I'm not sure you get a benefit to the consumer from having multiple entities who can all still do search and manipulate ads, keyword sales and search rankings for example. That is spectacular It's a real shame. I was seriously considering buying one of these when the next model came out but this is a hard "no" from me, and I don't think they could possibly regain trust after attempting this. I am from the UK and work with a lot of Americans. I often sign off emails with "Cheers," which gets a lot of positive comment. As well as being what you might say when clinking glasses, in the UK "cheers" is a jovial way of saying "thanks" as well as something you might say for "goodbye" so works in all these contexts simultaneously. This was the case for literally all of the unix toolset before Posix came along, and how they solved this exact problem in every other case was to define a common subset (which usually involves almost all the functionality you really actually use most of the time) and make that the standard and everyone implements anything that's missing from the standard into their version and keeps all their existing extensions. That's why on linux you can do 'ps -leAf' or 'ps auxww' and have them do almost exactly the same thing for example. I don't think it's corporate-speak. To my understanding the use of "sunset" as a verb comes from law where contracts and laws sometimes have "sunset clauses" ensuring they become defunct at a certain defined point in the future. From there, "to sunset" something seems a fairly logical next step.