if students could declare bankruptcy there would probably be no student loans. there are already very few private loans available to students without substantial credit history or a cosigner. how could the numbers possibly work out? to graduate in four years from a state university (paying in-state tuition) costs about $44k. a typical college freshman has close to zero assets and no credit. if they have any income, it's probably a part-time minimum wage job. assuming they don't qualify for any aid, these people need to borrow about $10k each year and likely won't pay any of it back until they get a degree. now let's pause for a moment. how many ways can you get an unsecured $10k loan with limited to no credit history? they basically don't exist. you would need to build credit for a long time before you got a limit anywhere near that on a credit card, and their whole business model revolves around loaning people more money than they should. now consider that in the US, about 40% of students fail to get their bachelors in 6 years. obviously these people will not be able to use the degree to obtain employment, and probably will not ever pay down the debt in full unless they enter a lucrative trade that didn't require the degree in the first place. if we assume that the students who graduate are able to repay the loan, they have to pay a significant amount of interest before the lender breaks even on the group of loans. and keep in mind that there's no guarantee that a student who graduates has acquired a degree that actually improves their earning potential. so tl;dr: it is really hard to offer a reasonable loan of that size to an 18yo with no skills/assets who stands a substantial chance of either not finishing or finishing with a valueless (to the market) degree. the last time you could discharge student loans in bankruptcy without satisfying special conditions was 1976 in the US. but that was a time where an undergrad degree was relatively cheap, and not many people took out loans in the first place. I don't disagree that something is seriously messed up in this country's higher education system, but the discharge exemption for student loans is probably one of the few things that keeps the system even slightly economic. like I said above, you cannot just lend huge chunks of money to kids without making any risk assessment and also allow them to default whenever. at least, you can't do this unless your intention is to lose money. if I had to have a guess, I would say that the main contributor to our outrageous education costs is the government making all these uneconomic loans in the first place. feature imo. it doesn't seem inherently wrong that the long term residents should have more say than people who may just be passing through. that said, the degree of difference could still be very inappropriate. I think we see surprisingly little of anything search related. In terms of full-scale solutions, there is basically just Elasticsearch and solr. When you look at lower level libraries available, there is very little outside the Lucene world. > the natural conclusion according to the article's tone and content would probably be some asinine assertion like China > USA, Americans/British/people from Western society are silly/irrational/incompetent, communism > democracy, etc. i agree that the article was underdeveloped, but im not sure your critique is entirely fair. the author did go on for a while about that girl, nian, and how inhospitable china was to someone very similar to him. he also hints at how warped the party's version of chinese history is. i think its far from clear that the author thinks china is superior to the west, or vice versa. > Another point worth considering is this: why do we charge anything for using the subway? It unfairly hurts low-income workers. i don't disagree with your larger point about the benefits of incentivising alternative forms of transportation, but im not sure i can agree that it is "unfair" to charge low income workers literally any amount of money to ride the subway. when you look at the operating expenses vs. fare revenue for the subway, its already subsidized by the city and state at something like 50%. the fact that you can ride on the subway for the current price already represents a substantial transfer from wealthier citizens who pay more taxes. i think there is certainly room for debate as to what exactly the price should be, and there may be other compelling reasons why it benefits everyone to make it free; i just find it absurd to argue that making such an expensive service anything other than free is unfair. i think it depends on what you mean by "meddle". you can find helicopter parents in all walks of life (although near the bottom end you may find that some parents simply dont have the time to be this overbearing), but there are good and bad ways to be involved. bad: johnny complains that he got a 'C' on his freshman writing seminar term paper, so you go to the professor to argue his case for him. johnny is stressed out because he is finding it hard to concentrate on school and find an apartment for next semester at the same time, so you take over the apartment hunt for him. good: johnny needs to find a job, so you capitalize on your extensive network of successful friends and colleagues to put him in contact with people who might give him an interview. once he gets the interview, it's on him to prove his worth. or, johnny just transferred to a new school and his transfer credits are not immediately accepted so he cant register for any useful classes that semester. the counseling people tell him it will take a few weeks to evaluate his transcript and registration will be closed by then, so he may as well give up and start planning for next semester. luckily you happen to know the dean, and the process is expedited so johnny can actually make some progress that semester. the key is to distinguish between important challenges that the kid can figure out themselves (with some work) and structural obstacles that are simply insurmountable without the application parent's resources/experience. helping excessively with the first will result in you raising a manchild. helping with the second can actually give your kid a time advantage over their peers that doesn't hamstring their development. what would it look like to solve the problem of "free speech"? im not asking you to give a full implementation, but i am genuinely curious what your vision for the internet would look like for a day to day user. > In general, progressively pricing services is a mistake. Instead, we should be progressively supplementing incomes (minimum income, negative income tax, commuter cards, etc.) until people can afford market-priced bills, goods, and fees. OP acknowledges this and proposes an (albeit vague) solution. perforce has such a janky ui though. whenever i try to do anything significant with my company's codebase, the whole application locks up for hours. i guess i need to learn how to use the cli. my theory is that one day soon china will crack down even more on bitcoin to combat tax evasion and clear the field for their own cryptocurrency. once it becomes a serious risk that major players could ban it outright, confidence might never recover. i would widen the scope a bit. pidgin is a good example of the modular, open source model that used to be somewhat common in consumer software. looking back, there certainly seems to be a correlation between the rise of Apple and the death of those kinds of programs. these days it seems like only products that target developers follow that model. personally though, i think it was the transition to mobile that really did it. almost overnight people's expectations for UI design got way higher, and most of them don't really care about modularity or open source. they just want something that mostly works and looks designed. aesthetic appeal has never the strong point of OSS. > The only purpose I can imagine is to foment social media outrage and drive clicks and advertisement impressions. economics drives everything. we need a different incentive structure for news, and the readers are probably the only ones that can effect change. the founder was basically saying that, if he somehow knew before the fact that you were good, he would hire you. he certainly would not just hire an arbitrary college dropout. it's essentially a vacuous conditional that sidesteps the fact that a college degree is widely considered a signifier of some minimal level of skill and will of course be one of the primary ways that applicants are evaluated, unless they somehow have substantial work experience at the age of 20. or just a faraday cage. although cars and computer systems are both examples of "technology", the way we appreciate them is very different. we consider computers mainly in quantitative terms: cpu speed, memory size and bandwidth, etc. if computer A compiles and runs my project just as fast as computer B, I don't really care what's "under the hood", or whether it was made by an artisan or in a factory. I don't care what it sounds like either, as long as it isn't loud enough to annoy me. while you can certainly compare the stats of different cars, the story on paper doesn't come close to describing what a driving enthusiast really cares about: the qualitative experience of driving the car. when selecting a car I don't just buy the best 0-60 time in my price range; rather, I seek to optimize some holistic measure of drive quality. to grossly generalize, I find that most tech people have a quantitative mindset. they feel most comfortable in decision spaces where things can be compared using objective metrics and an authoritative answer can be reached (at least theoretically). tech people spend a lot of time developing quantitative skills, so it is easy for them to get involved in these types of discussions. I think this explains the bulk of why tech people just aren't that interested in cars; they don't really know how to get involved in the conversation and they don't see why they should. I'm not trying to say it's black and white; enthusiasts certainly care about the design of a computer and stats for cars. however, I do feel that car enthusiasts have different priorities than computer geeks. I personally am way more interested in computers than cars, but I do feel that cars are more "emotional" possessions than computers. some laptops are ugly and made out of plastic, while others can be quite attractive, but my selection strategy is always to filter out the downright ugly machines and then compare the others component by component. my process for cars is pretty much the reverse; I want one that exceeds some bar for performance and then I will pick the one that feels best to drive around. my car is far from the fastest in its category or price segment, but imo it is definitely the most pleasant to drive. my desktop is a bunch of high end parts inside an ugly leet gamer case that I bought ten years ago. if you can't advocate for yourself or defend yourself, any freedom from fear or human dignity afforded to you is a happy accident. it may last for a while, but what will you do if things change? i concede that the sea may change for guns sometime in the next century; they can make things very chaotic as population density increases. still, i maintain that freedom of speech is a necessary, if not sufficient, condition for a stable and free society. I don't disagree that this type of advertising is unsavory, but I do think it is a bit simplistic to call people like the author victims of evil oppressive Instagram and call it a day. I notice that in today's society people make an awful lot of demands on the services and apps they use, while not directly paying for hardly any of what they consume. Facebook/Instagram definitely has a lot more power than any individual user, but it doesn't have more power than all of its users. If people were offended enough to actually walk away from the platform en masse, I bet we would see substantial reform pretty quickly. The "if you don't like it, leave" argument is cruel when applied to cities, countries, or essential services, but I think it is pretty fair when we are talking about totally superfluous apps that don't even cost anything. Maybe some people actually agree with the sentiment of the article but are disappointed that no one takes any real action. Almost everyone I know hates these kinds of ads and the way social media uses our information, but all they do to combat it is write blog posts and comments about how they wish it were different. I think its pretty clear at this point that nothing is going to change if all we do is talk. Facebook knows that a bunch of blog posts are really no threat to its bottom line. So I think its not unreasonable to ask why people are unwilling to boycott services that they criticize so harshly. > What do you find annoying in it specifically? not OP, but when people say rust is annoying they are almost always talking about the borrow checker. coming from c or c++, which allow you to play fast and loose with pointers and types, it can be frustrating to find out that a lot of stuff you would normally do in those languages is not permitted in safe rust code. the flip side is that, once you get the code to compile (in safe rust), you are guaranteed not to invoke undefined behavior. of course, you can just use unsafe blocks if you really need to play around with raw pointers a la C. my apologies if you already understand rust and my explanation was very obvious to you. i absolutely see it as a benefit too, but i admit it annoys me sometimes. i would love to get paid to work with rust. if all you care about are relatively simple queries in english, clucene or lucy could probably work for you. AFAIK, there is no native C/C++ library that comes anywhere near modern lucene. for me the killer feature is that you get analyzers for many different languages out of the box with current lucene/elasticsearch. the term "trickle down economics" is to the right as "political correctness" is to the left. both terms were created as strawmen to smear the other side's position. I assume it means accurate to the last digit of the representation, not the number being represented. obviously the latter would be absurd to suggest. I do share your appreciation for simple, static pages that get the job done, but the layout on this site is totally messed up for me, totally unaware of dpi I assume. > anti-ADHD awkward way to put it (although i dunno how else to describe them), but i think everyone knows the students you are talking about. these people are the reason why highschool math/science is hell, and you can't get away from them by taken honors or AP courses. I think, when you have the time, it is always worthwhile to dig into the nuance of a particular issue. whether you have time to dig deep into the intricacies of le sophisticated gentlesir's stunning new devil's advocate argument about racism is ultimately a personal decision. > at basically no point does he do anything really morally reprehensible not explicitly, no, but just consider the scale of the two death stars and how many people must have been on board at the time of their destruction. we can assume that it was military personnel only on the first one and therefore "fair game", but hundreds of thousands if not millions of people still died by Luke's hand. the second death star had not yet finished construction at the time of the battle, so there were almost certainly construction workers still on board, and many of them may have been civilians. this time it was not directly Luke that killed them, but he seems to support his friends wholeheartedly in their plan. I'm not trying to argue that the rebellion is actually the evil side here, but when you look past the surface it is hardly black and white. I spent much of my teenage years playing video games, building/overclocking computers, flashing roms on my phones, and devouring wikipedia. my parents were concerned that I was spending too much time online but I'm glad they didn't try to intervene. I was learning tons and by the time I got to college pretty much everything in the CS degree was trivially easy for me (except some of the formal math stuff). on the flip side, I am quite certain that most of my peers spent their hours primarily on youtube, facebook, and aim. they seemed to take pride in how little they understood the workings of their entertainment devices. today I hear a lot of parents talking about how they are putting off getting a family computer/tablet for as long as possible and how they intend to severely limit screen time once they finally get one. it makes me sad to think that these children will miss out on all the great learning experiences I had with my computers, but I'm not sure the parents are necessarily wrong, especially with the current buzz around social media and mental health. I feel like english does not provide us with effective words for discussing this topic. unless you live alone in a cave, what other people think of you is important. it is exceedingly difficult to succeed in the modern world without cooperation, and people will not help you out as much or at all if they don't like you. this means you really do need to care what others think. that said, it is common to conflate this sense of "caring" with the deep seated need for external validation that many humans have. most people enjoy being appreciated by their community, and this is fine, but I think it is very important not to be overly dependent on this. ideally, one's self worth would come primarily from within. > Isn’t the best choice for the privacy conscious to set up a VPN on a machine they themselves have physical control over? perhaps I am missing something, but it seems like having physical control over the machine breaks several important use cases for VPNs. if I understand correctly, the privacy that you get from a VPN comes from encrypting the traffic itself, hiding your actual IP, and mixing your traffic with other clients using the same exit point. although it is a matter of record that you are a subscriber, no intercepted traffic can actually be traced back to the IP you own (assuming your provider doesn't keep logs, of course). I don't really see how these qualities could be retained by operating your own VPN server. unless you are doing some black ops shit, your identity would have to be connected to the VPN server itself, so the fact that it masks your computers IP doesn't matter. plus you probably don't have many other people using your server, so you lose that plausible deniability. I would be quite glad to be corrected, as I certainly don't love trusting my provider when they say they don't keep logs. > Taxes on corporate profits are generally seen as reasonable in the abstract actually corporate taxes are a pretty controversial topic among economists. it's not considered to be a particularly efficient tax, and it is unclear who ultimately bears the burden of the tax. although the format is similar, reddit and HN are very different sites, and imo that's a good thing. when i visit HN, i expect the articles to be topical and for the discourse to be informative and interesting. somewhat amazingly, my expectations are usually met here, which makes the site quite a gem. at the same time, i don't always want that. sometimes i just want to see a true train wreck unfold in the comments. in a way i even appreciate the donald trump and hate subreddits. if there are ideologies spreading that can impact my life, i would prefer to go to the source and read their actual words than have the ny times regurgitate them to me. there are benefits to the hands-on moderation and the wild west styles. the only optimal solution is having a wide range of choices. there are still a lot of pain points if you have a 4K display. otherwise it's mostly fine. text size is easy enough to change; i do love how it renders on a 4K display though. im really talking about dpi scaling though. there are still a fair amount of apps I use frequently that don't do a good job. the recent qbittorrent update looks horrible for me. some electron apps have awkward proportions but are still usable. jail is pretty bad, but it's not infinitely bad. that is, there almost certainly exists a sum $X for which you would be willing to go to jail for Y duration of time. if you're struggling to stay afloat and have no credit/assets, a short time in jail is way worse than bankruptcy. on the other hand, if you've worked as a SWE for a few years, loosing all your money and having terrible credit for years is pretty awful. you're broke, so you can't buy anything outright, and your losses are compounded by the fact that you pay much more interest on things you buy on credit (if you can even get financing at all). it's not hard to see that this could be worse than a short time in jail. it all depends on the length of the sentence and your total losses from bankruptcy. > parents often live in communities that don't pay taxes that support public schools how? pretty sure in the US everyone pays property tax (directly or indirectly), some of which is used to fund the school system. you can't just opt out of paying into that system at all. which parts in particular are obsolete and terrible? yes but (at least in the US), your credit score affects stuff other than borrowing. often landlords will perform a credit check before approving your application; even employers will sometimes check an applicant's credit. also keep in mind we are talking bad credit and all your assets seized by creditors. i'm not saying a bad credit score is literal hell on earth, but if you have no money and no credit you are gonna have a really bad time for a while. i really doubt it. in a mining rig all power spent on components other than the GPU is essentially pure overhead that cuts into the thin margin of a consumer setup. you need several discrete GPUs before it starts to be worthwhile at all. i dunno if this continues today, but before digital became prevalent there was something of a holy war in the audiophile community between mono and stereo. i know a lot of people still prefer the mono mix of sgt pepper, but that might be because the stereo mix of that particular album is actually inferior. today practically all new systems marketed to audiophiles are stereo, but my guess is that most would consider faithful reproduction of the signal to be more important than the number of channels if they had to pick. qbittorrent is the best out there for windows imo. my only complaint is that it seems to have no dpi awareness whatsoever. I'm in my twenties now but I had a pretty similar experience as a teen. it wasn't until I was in college easily crushing my CS courses that my parents stopped criticizing the amount of time I spent on the computer. if they keep giving you shit, you could always try showing them entry level software engineer salaries on glassdoor. that actually looks fantastic. thanks for the recommendation! > Advertising is almost pure rent-seeking; it's a horribly inefficient solution for the actual utility component it provides society. disagree. as much as it pains me to admit it, I do actually think advertising benefits society. imo it's kind of like democracy in that it's the least shitty system we've devised so far. there's a lot about it that seems suboptimal, but what alternatives do we have? people can't be seriously expected to read third-party reviews for every single product they buy; it simply takes too much time. plus, depending on the product, there may not be any reputable reviewers, or the reviewers could be getting paid behind the scenes anyway. ultimately it's a lot better to walk into the store at least knowing what the different brands are supposed to mean. if I go to whole foods, I can be pretty confident that the food will be better than what I can get at walmart. if I want the cheapest food, I can expect to find it at walmart. when a choice between products is of low-moderate importance, advertising/branding saves us a lot of research. another thing worth noting is that many projects need to support multiple platforms, which means multiple different compilers. good luck getting a large project to build on clang or gcc and msvc without warnings. i've run into cases at work where it seems like i'm going to get a warning from at least one of the compilers no matter what i do (barring complicated #ifdef/#pragma salad). attempting to start a friendship (or more) with someone who is serving you is one of the more risky avenues. if you're both on the same page, it can be totally fine and work out. unfortunately, most of the time you are just another customer to them and you just put them in a situation where they have to figure out how to gracefully decline while still doing the deferential customer service dance. my guess is a fair amount of the upvotes were from men. deep down i think men do realize that we have gaps in our coping skills, but don't fully understand the cause. > The trouble begins when you realize you don't actually care about any of these things. yeah, this is me. how do you meet the people who just want to sit around, drink a few beers, chat a little, and maybe watch a movie? a swift and painless death is ultimately more humane than a lifetime behind bars with no hope for release, imo. unfortunately the US system combines the worst of both worlds. the few who are executed only die after years of agonizing "will they or won't they" through the various levels of appeal. and after all that we still end up exonerating people posthumously. therapists/psychiatrists can't really "cure" depression in most cases; they can only blunt some of the worst symptoms with drugs or teach coping skills. this often plays out over the course of years. in the mean time, depressed people might want to make friendships that they can realistically maintain. this probably does not include friendships that depend on mutual participation in activities for which the person has no genuine interest. > The fact that so many death row convicts appeal their death sentence until the bitter end would imply that they themselves don't agree with your belief. it doesn't necessarily imply that. at each point in the appeal process, there remains the possibility of having one's case thrown out altogether or reducing the sentence even further than natural life. even if you prefer death to life in prison, it would still be rational to pursue any chance of getting out entirely or getting a substantially reduced sentence. that said, if I could implement any policy I wanted, I would choose for life to be the most severe sentence but give the inmate the ability to choose death if they prefer. idk OP's position, but the lack of tactile feedback is probably the biggest flaw of touchscreen UIs. it's really nice to be able to give input to a device without actually looking at it. it's a mild to moderate inconvenience on a phone, since you are looking at the screen most of the time you are using it and swype style keyboards remove most of the pain of typing on a virtual keyboard. it does make for a compromised music player, though, unless you can remap the hardware buttons to control media playback. on the other hand, i find the touch UI trend in cars absolutely horrible. it's bad enough that you have to take your eyes off the road to read the center screen, but actually pressing a virtual button requires even more concentration to track where your finger is wrt the button and stabilize it against the motion of the vehicle. paper straws really suck, please don't let them be the solution. as others have said, they are really just not robust. if you go out to dinner and order a coke with a paper straw, the end is basically disintegrating in your mouth by the time you've finished your appetizer. worse still, they impart much more of a flavor to the drink than a plastic or metal straw. they seem to be able to make biodegradable plastic(ish?) straws which are fine, and sometimes it can actually feel kinda fancy to use a metal straw (which can be reused). this is a fun paradox to entertain, but irl we would probably just trace the "stack" back to the human who wrote the program that started the chain of program-writing programs and hold them liable (unless we can show intent, then charge them criminally). if you can't trace back far enough to find a human then I guess you just throw up your hands and give up, which is more or less what we do anyway when we can't attribute a malicious program to a specific person. so altogether not as novel as it seems. my guess is that the handwritten signature is already on its way out of being relevant in modern society. in most cases it seems to serve more as a formality than a security measure. when I worked as a cashier, the majority of people would just do some squiggle and get the hell out of the store rather than any kind of consistent signature. in principle at least, public key crypto is way more effective than a signature, and I expect this will become prevalent in the next couple decades as laws and customs enter modernity. at this point it would be trivial for a digital entity to enter into a binding contract. it's more like "I am a tiny replaceable cog in a huge money-printing machine. if somebody is going to collect the paycheck anyway, why shouldn't it be me?" making the hard choice is easy when you have nothing to lose, and it's even easier when you're so rich that the losses don't matter. the folks in the middle have just enough that it would really hurt to lose it. I can't say I blame them for guarding that jealously. "who is responsible?" is a philosophical question that probably has no objective answer. "who would be held responsible?" is still pretty easy here. by default, if you own or release to the public a system that ends up hurting someone, you are liable. it doesn't matter what your intent was or whether there was any way of knowing that the bad outcome would happen. the only way you can get around this is with "safe harbor" exemptions. it's possible that your blank slate would qualify, although you would probably have to lobby for this before the fact. in that case, no one would be held responsible. otherwise, you would be paying. tbh I don't know enough about rust or the whole field of software development to give an authoritative answer, but if you don't know much about rust, this might help you. in general, rust is great for pretty much anything c is great for. you can do raw memory manipulation in unsafe blocks if you want, but you write memory safe code by default. at present, rust is definitely slower than c, but there's no inherent reason that it has to be so; mainly it's just the consequence of being a new and immature language. one neat thing you can do with rust is build safe interfaces to the c libraries that you know and love for a relatively small performance penalty. I am writing a toy graphics application in rust, and it is so much nicer than bare OpenGL, although there are some serious pain points with library maturity. it can also be a decent substitute for problems you might solve in C# / Java / other statically-typed languages, although it is a bit more strict and explicit than those. the main things I can think of that rust makes hard are applications where you really don't want static typing (web dev, scripting, etc.) or you have a need to use a lot of specific libraries that you don't feel like writing interfaces for. the idea that literally everyone should go / would benefit from going to college is definitely wrong and harmful, but there are some special things about college for those who take advantage. college is probably the only time in your life that an entire team of domain experts will be obligated to take time out of their day to meet with you and answer your questions, however silly or low-level they may be. as a professor, college is one of the only places where you can get paid to work on things that not only have no near-term value, but likely will never have any practical value at all! (I guess this could also be an argument against college...) I do think there is a problem with the way people understand college. outside of a couple majors (ie computer science), college should really be considered something like a luxury good. it isn't economic in the sense of dollars, cents, and balance sheets, but something that has it's own intrinsic value for those who take advantage of it (a distinct minority of undergrad students). disclaimer: I think I am one of these people who college is mostly wasted on. I don't go to office hours, participate in clubs, or really do anything other than really good work on programming assignments and cramming for exams. I'm mostly in it for the piece of paper. only you can decide, but since you asked, I will give you my input. a bachelor's degree helps a lot to get pretty much any white-collar, entry-level job. in some fields it's barely enough, but in ours, having a BS with a decent GPA and a couple internships basically guarantees you a job. you might not be able to work at FAANG type companies, but someone will definitely be willing to compensate you well for your work. a degree from a prestigious school is better than a degree from most state schools, but if it takes you another year or two to start collecting that salary and build real work experience, it could ultimately be a wash. sounds like you already know what path you want to take, and I bet it will work out just fine. most of this seems to be an issue of maturity for the language itself and the surrounding ecosystem, which I did touch on a little bit. I probably should have made it a more explicit caveat. aside from ubiquity and maturity, I'm curious what features c has that rust lacks for raw memory manipulation. I have yet to work my way through all of the rustonomicon and I am far from an expert c programmer, so I would appreciate the opportunity to fill in some knowledge gaps. > what statically typed languages do you have experience with? c, c++, java, rust, c#, so the assumption you're making is probably correct. > Let's look at Apple 10 years after Jobs' passing. 3 years to go! How have you liked Apple's innovations since 2011? it's always important to remember that the CEO is not solely responsible for the successes and failures of a multi-billion dollar company. that said, it's really hard to look at apple under cook's leadership and say that it's anywhere near as innovative as it was with jobs at the helm. the bulk of their current revenue is just riding the wave that jobs started with the first iphone. the iphone x is the most daring thing they've done in years, and it's basically just an iphone with a big screen. the iOS UX is still really good, but it's not much better than a clean android setup. on the other hand, the desktop UX feels very dated at this point. I never thought I would find windows to have a more modern look and feel than apple, and it's downright depressing to see what the mac pro has become. the company still performs very well as an investment vehicle though; I doubt they are in any trouble in the near-medium term. if you think you can make better use of the dividend, why buy that company's shares at all? even if a dividend were break even compared to the capital gains from reinvesting directly, you would still come out worse from having it taxed as income. > We can be a society that ensures social needs are met while allowing vast concentrations of wealth. I don't know exactly what you mean by "social needs" here. you could be referring to a specific level on the mazlow hierarchy, if so, I'd like to know why you pick this specific level as the benchmark. or you might be referring to some more vague concept of societal needs. the particular definition of "needs" is very important to the validity of the quoted claim. if basic or "social" needs are defined as some absolute standard of living, this will be increasingly easy to fulfill as society grows richer. I very rarely see anyone talking about needs this way though. instead, the definition of needs seems to move as people at the top grow more wealthy. it seems more likely to me that, as long as billionaires exist and live lavish lifestyles, people will never agree that their needs are being met. > At one point my GPS/stereo touchscreen hit some bug, and the only way to "fix" it was to pull over at a rest stop and power cycle my truck (turn off, then back on again :facepalm: ). be glad you even have this option. in my car, sometimes android auto freezes in a way that it will never recover from. this would be a minor annoyance if I could just reboot the thing while driving (and why not? it shouldn't hook into anything essential), but I can't do that. worse still, I can't even hard reset it by power cycling the whole car. the damn thing goes into sleep mode or something and maintains the broken state. only way to fix it is to turn the car off and then wait n minutes for the system to finally shut down. I bought a pixel 2 (for $650), and I would have bought a pixel xl if it weren't for the inferior screen. something to consider: if I had had a 32GB og pixel at the launch of the pixel 2, I could have sold it for ~$400. if that trend continues, I would be happy to pay about $250 a year to always have a current flagship phone with monthly security updates. that's only 20% more expensive than just buying a ~$400 phone (nexus 5x launch price) every two years. of course you could also sell the cheaper phone, but the non-google phones seem to lose their value faster. the real question is, why spend flagship money on anything other than a pixel? I find this argument hard to believe. google, htc, lg, and motorola all sell phones with unlockable bootloaders. the pixel 2 is locked if you buy from verizon, but you can easily get the unlockable one direct from google and use it on any carrier. I could believe that carriers require a locked version to sell in their own stores, but I can't believe samsung is uniquely unable to sell phones with unlockable bootloaders. do any xiaomi phones have oreo yet? I can't fathom spending $400 on a phone that's already out of date. disagree. writing creatively or with nuance is definitely an orthogonal skill to coding, but understanding and following grammar rules requires a very similar syntax-parsing ability to that which is required to write code that will compile. unless you struggle to get simple programs to compile, you very likely have the ability to write with proper grammar, assuming you are willing to make the effort. I would even argue that the skill of technical writing, where precision and compactness are valued over creative flourish, maps very closely onto the same skills needed for good program design and clean coding style. I'm not saying I literally want to rent a phone for $250 a year. I still desire all the benefits of owning the phone, like selling it for market value at a time of my choosing, being able to switch carriers without paying off the phone first, etc. I'm saying that $250 doesn't seem like an unreasonable annual spend to have a current generation phone with timely OS/security updates. it definitely sounds better than buying a $400-500 phone whose OS is already out of date at launch every two years and then not bothering to sell it because it has depreciated so much. the only thing that makes it rent-like is that I would pay a similar price every year. sure, and there should definitely be help for this situation, but what fraction of low income parents is this really? they're more like an energy loan, and you better believe there's interest. > i always wondered it the effect is stronger for somebody without adhd i've wondered this myself. i often hear people say stuff like "people with real adhd can't get high from stims", but i suspect that some of this is just that people want to distance their legitimate use from those tweakers over there. if there's any truth to it, i'd bet it comes down to the way the drug is used. when you take an extended release formulation (or instant release every n hours) regularly, you tend to have relatively stable blood concentrations of the drug (ie, you don't get "high"). recreational users, and also probably people who self medicate, will end up with peakier blood levels, which results in the perception of being "high". the concentration level over time can be an extremely important factor in how the drug ultimately affects you. it's definitely a pain to have a single connector that may or may not support several different transport technologies and/or power delivery. on the other hand, it's way less bad than having to carry around a different cable for each of those and having to cram all those different ports on the laptop. my guess is that, in a few years, a standard set of the most useful features will stabilize and it will be cheapest to just offer that all the time. in the meantime we just have to deal with the growing pains and read benson leung reviews so we don't burn our houses down. yeah, I dont actually know of any smartphones implementing usb 3.x. would be kinda pointless considering the transfer speeds of the actual flash. sure, but manufacturers seem to be uncommonly bad at implementing the new USB 3.x specs, power delivery in particular. the majority of USB-C cables on sale violate the power delivery spec in important ways. the downvotes are probably because it's not usually a polarity issue. the most common issues are with current/voltage negotiations between the charger and device. when this isn't implemented correctly, either the cable or the charger itself (maybe even the device, idk) can erroneously negotiate a power level that is too great for the circuitry to withstand. you're right that it's not exactly the fault of the USB-C spec, but at the same time, manufacturers would probably not mess it up so much if it were not so complex. if you are unaware, this is extremely controversial. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophy_of_mathematics#Math... just going off my memory of this spreadsheet [1]. [1] https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wJwqv3rTNmORXz-XJsQa... I believe NL taxes are in fact regressive in the usual sense of the word. I'm curious what the justification for this claim is as well. if you have $10mil, you're not burning much more than ~$400k a year if you're smart. a charter flight across the continental US costs at least $6k. so you could definitely do that from time to time, but if you do it even once a month you are blowing almost a fifth of your yearly budget on transportation. you are probably gonna feel that. edit: the figure I used is just the cheapest possible aircraft you can rent. if you actually want a jet, you are looking at $10,500 and up, which would make your monthly flight eat more like 32% of your budget. most people are going to find this untenable. probably never. in a way, this broadly applicable quote applies: "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it!" 80% of people in the US make less than $75k. the idea that people experience diminishing returns on income is a strong argument in favor of redistribution, and is a couple notches more sophisticated than just saying outright that rich people don't deserve what they have. how many people are likely to seriously interrogate the claim that they deserve more than they are paid and/or would use it more efficiently? > Obvious reasons: locking young people in universities in their highest testosterone years reduces crime and drug addiction this could very well be true, but it hardly seems obvious. i could readily believe that fewer serious crimes occur at universities, but it seems like the combination of a large, low-friction network and a general blunting of consequences would lead to more drug use at least, and the ability to avoid or defer direct consequences does tend to exacerbate addictions and increase their harm over time. a solution already exists. it's called a private tracker. I wrote that comment a bit carelessly. the income tax itself is progressive, but things like VAT are regressive and ultimately make up a far greater share of tax collected. the EU as a whole actually has a more regressive tax system than the united states (although they spend the proceeds very differently), but in the netherlands, the regressive and progressive taxes essentially cancel out so that overall taxes are flat. here are some sources: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2012/09/19/other... https://www.economist.com/blogs/democracyinamerica/2011/12/i... https://www.forbes.com/sites/paulroderickgregory/2012/12/05/... > they are inherently fuel inefficient compared to devices with wheels assuming it can be harvested cleanly, energy isn't inherently a problem until we start getting close to capturing a significant fraction of total solar irradiance. we get better at this every year, so eventually it will be a non-issue. > they are noisy, a problem which can probably never be solved unless breakthroughs are made in science-fiction fields like anti-gravity imo, this is probably the biggest obstacle. like you say, there's really no plausible breakthrough that could reduce the noise level to something that could be acceptable in a dense environment. > airspace is very limited. In my country, we have already serious planning problems with the current amount of air traffic idk what country you live it, but this is probably only true at higher altitudes and in the immediate surroundings of airports. > airspace is very limited. In my country, we have already serious planning problems with the current amount of air traffic this is important, but people won't necessarily care. the other items in your list would probably delay adoption but not prevent it altogether. > As a conservative, I'd claim the window has shifted in the other direction i'd argue you're both right and the window has widened in both directions. > You buy a ticket ahead of time picking your exact seats. the whole package sounds great, but I would be sold on this detail alone. I hate having to choose between sitting in the theater for 30-45 mins and getting a bad seat at popular films. > If you aim to break even at death, that changes the calculations. do many people do this? seems unwise given the uncertainty in our lifetimes. if you aren't already very familiar with c, i would say the learning curves for c++ and rust are pretty similar. it will take you longer to get stuff to compile in rust, but correcting instances of undefined behavior in c++ can also take a long time in c++. plenty of c++ is just functions wrapped in namespaces. namespaces alone are a significant advantage over c. i'm sure you have at least a few counterparts among whatever gender you find attractive. no need to rule it out altogether. it's really not that bad. for a beginning programmer, the places where you would struggle with the borrow checker in rust have a lot of overlap with cases in c/c++ where you would struggle to fix all the errors reported by valgrind. do you mean "greybeard"? unless the meaning has shifted a lot over time, you probably don't want to call yourself a "neckbeard". I mean yeah, but I just don't want the poor fellow going around announcing himself as a neckbeard irl. > It would shift more of the web to non-ad-funded. or it would just shift more of the web to non-funded. I can't really say that sounds unreasonable. do we really need drag strips within the city limits? by definition, the participants have cars. dang, so literally any tune or other aftermarket mods are not street legal in CA? another reason not to move to SV I guess. > Socially integrating yourself with other successful people in your classes and degree program will dramatically increase your chances of success. I strongly agree with this claim, but I think it's the kind of thing that only works when it comes about naturally, or at least when the motivation to set up this dynamic comes from within. I disagree with your suggestions to bring this about. > requiring students to live in dorms with students taking the same classes. I think this could be nice for some people if it were opt-in (especially those who struggle socially), but overall being exposed to people from other disciplines is a feature of college, not a bug. Most of the people in your classes will already be from the same discipline, so it is important to be exposed to people who study other things in your social life, imo. > mandatory weekly study sessions for every class I really dislike this. People have wildly varying learning styles and you should not impose a specific format on them. I have issues processing auditory information, and I can learn 2-4x faster just reading the textbook than I can from a verbal discussion or lecture. If you force me to attend these, you are making me spend my time suboptimally. Also, while such a session can be highly productive for a small group of bright, motivated students, the whole thing slows to a crawl when it is inevitably forced to cater to the lowest common denominator. > industry partnerships to get students internships with real world experience during the summer. I think this could be a good thing, as long as the company isn't obligated to offer every student an internship. In that case the lowest common denominator issue applies. > If there was ever an MVP in the C#/.NET space, it's this guy. he has (had?) some competition from eric lippert. i used to love reading his blog when i did c# work. we still use atomic to mean indivisible in the context of concurrent programming, and the broader concept of atomicity is used in the same sense. the physical atom is the real edge case here; it just happens to have captured the attention of the general public. seems like a poor choice to represent women with high-heels in an infographic about gender-based pay gaps. it's hard to know how to interpret all this data when the sources report such different values. in particular, i really wonder what to make of the fact that the bureau of labor reports median pay that is significantly higher than most of the values for average pay reported by other sources. if this were actually true, it would indicate a very wacky pay distribution. the ROI for stocks would have to be significantly higher than the ROI from real estate for it to make sense for a working/middle class person to invest in stocks instead of the structure they live in. you need to pay for housing either way. > Every social service other first world countries have, we can't afford. That is directly a result of our military spending. The US spends a lot on its military, but it's only about 15% of central government spending. When you look at spending as a percentage of GDP, we (3.3%) are not that far off from European powers like France (2.3%) or the UK (1.9%) whose defense we essentially subsidize through NATO. We just have a much larger economy so that 3.3% turns out to be a really big number. There's no obvious (to me) fiscal reason why our social services have to be so poor, so I have to assume we just suck at allocating the money (possibly intentional). why not voat? the 15% turned out to be a lowball, it's more like 17% if you use the 2015 numbers from wikipedia[0]. I got the %GDP numbers from wikipedia as well[1]. > Free higher education for everyone would cost $75 billion. this I find hard to believe. the US government estimated that ~20 million students would be enrolled in college/university in fall 2017. assuming enrollment would not increase if college were free, that $75 billion works out to about $3750 per student. this substantially undercuts even in-state tuition at the average community college, which already receives significant funding from the government. although I pushed back on that particular claim by Sanders, I still maintain that we have an allocation problem, not a money problem. according to 2012 data[2] the US government spends almost exactly the same percentage of its GDP on education as the UK, and we are in the high range of money spent per student in primary and secondary education[3]. i'm no expert, but this doesn't look like the kind of thing where you can just throw money at it and expect it to work. we should figure out how to use the money we already have to produce more similar outcomes to those in Western Europe. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_federal_budget [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_military_... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_spending_... [3] https://nces.ed.gov/programs/coe/indicator_cmd.asp as a grader, it is already hard enough to keep up with the work that gets generated by thirty students attempting the same weekly homework assignment. i don't know how i could possibly grade thirty different projects in a week, let alone in any fair or reasonable way. i've always wondered why they don't do something like select a random number of students and ask them to explain their work in an interview with the professor or TA. i figure, even if they cheated, if they can give a satisfactory explanation, they probably learned the damn thing anyway. plus, you don't have to select even half the students before word gets around that they better understand the work they are turning in. having been both a TA and a student, i think this idea is entirely too optimistic. "optional" problem sets can work well in graduate and advance undergraduate courses, but for the bulk of students in the intro/intermediate courses, homework that doesn't get graded for accuracy may as well not exist. i certainly didn't do it, and when the CS department decided to grade homework on completion only, i saw student attendance of my office hours immediately drop to zero. ultimately, you cannot just expect college students to make reasoned decisions based on the way you set up the course. you need to arrange the course in a way that incentivizes them to keep up at every step. as a TA, i love when professors set up grading scripts for me, and as a student, i love knowing what grade i will get before turning in the assignment. unfortunately, you need the students to have the basic level of competency where they can actually write code to a testable interface or correctly use print statements to produce good enough output for a script to grade by parsing. in the course i currently TA, neither of these prerequisites are met. many students turn in programs that will not compile and i am expected to give generous partial credit if i can determine that they are "most of the way there". i also have pedagogical concerns about providing the test script ahead of time. i suspect that it biases low effort students even more in the direction of "guess and check" rather than the ideal (imo) "reason and predict". all that said, the approach you outlined is probably the best feasible approach for most cs courses. this sounds like a great solution. i particularly like that it encourages careful thought about test cases. isn't this the expected behavior for apps that you give the sms / voice call / contacts permissions to? i would be surprised if any such app did not display my call/sms history and autocomplete contacts. imagine i'm considering buying 24,000 nice cars from you, but i need to be able to disable certain systems. i feel like you would help me out. I do have sympathy for people who work hard their whole lives and never make enough money to build decent savings for retirement. There should be help for these people. On the other hand, I have very little sympathy for people who are paid well but don't plan wisely. How can you not understand that you need to save money? It takes all of a couple hours to understand the basics of a 401(k) or traditional/Roth IRA, and you don't have to set it up perfectly to have an effective savings plan. I greatly resent the idea that my productivity should be siphoned off to protect the latter group from the consequences of their actions. imo it would be best to just not have these benefits. just increase salaries by the amount that would have been added to the pension fund, let them choose between a Roth or traditional IRA and increase the tax deductible contribution limit. then they are free to allocate the funds at an appropriate level of risk and choose low-fee institutions. idk why you wouldn't want to be able to do that. if you really can't understand the basics of personal finance, then maybe you could pay into a third party pension service. but in general, i think it is fair to expect guaranteed benefits to be less than the expected value of market appreciation if you just invested that money yourself. if that were not the case, it would be too risky to offer the benefit! the key advantage that touchscreens have is that they show many different displays to expose different controls and information, while a physical panel necessarily offers less functionality in the same cockpit area. i think it would be really nice to combine physical controls with a digital display. either the buttons themselves could have little displays that show different labels depending on which mode you're in, or there could be generic buttons/knobs around the display whose function changes depending on what UI page you're on. according to the new yorker: > The title is aimed at girls aged eight to fifteen, and it has a bright, pink-heavy, clamorously cheerful aesthetic to match. idk how you could not notice that any voting-based link aggregator or comment section has a hive mind effect. if i understand correctly, the noise is caused by physical vibrations (as opposed to electrical waves) propagating up the cables. i think it's basically insoluble for earbuds/iems. sure, but how often does a traffic stop lead to the discovery of evidence that justifies a charge for a white collar crime? the person would have to be driving around with incriminating (likely very technical) documents and do something that gives the officer probably cause to search the vehicle. the papers won't even look bad unless the officer already knows what to look for. on the other hand, traffic stop -> suspected intoxication -> field sobriety test / drug dogs seems like a very common routine. > so of course i didnt stop for the stop sign genuine question: do you think this would still be okay if you were driving a car? the movie has a 16% on rotten tomatoes. is it really worth watching or do you just find the specific topic interesting? what team if you don't mind me asking? i use the names of my favorite greek gods/goddesses in a (slightly) meaningful way. my monster tower is ATHENA, the goddess of knowledge. my laptop is ARTEMIS the hunter, and my phone is fleet-footed HERMES. > For example you can be on a NTT fiber line but use a different ISP on that line as an american living in a major city, this exceeds my wildest dreams of internet service. > "Cannot stop" is kind of strong. More like "have nasty side effects while tapering off and puss out". sure, but you can make the same point about any drugs that people develop physical dependencies on. aside from alcohol and benzodiazepines, you will survive. antidepressant withdrawal varies a lot from person to person though. the brain zaps can definitely be severe enough that it becomes unsafe to drive a car, for instance. > Just say "No!". this I can certainly agree with, for all but the most severe cases. it's almost never worth the common side effects, let alone the rare ones. > A warning about Dell XPS (13") screens: if you take the matte display and like coding with dark color schemes it's horrible (but there might be a fix). i have a kaby lake FHD xps 13, which i love, but this is a valid complaint. that said, i am using the An Old Hope theme with vscode and it works fine. you just need to try out a bunch of dark themes before you find one that pops. nobody demands that you cook your own food. but if you aren't willing to put in the (considerable) work yourself, you are expected to pay for the labor, ingredients, and kitchen space. what exactly makes your idea of a communal kitchen different from a restaurant? is it free? > Single shot weapons are good enough for home defense source? one center mass shot from a 12 gauge or an ar would probably put down an assailant, but only if the person aims perfectly (easier said than done with a long gun inside a building in a stressful situation). and with a pistol, by far the most common firearm in the US, you are pretty unlikely to neutralize the threat with only one shot. it's actually a relation (ie equality) between two expressions. it is a logical assertion, not an action. tax incidence is not nearly as simple as you are making it out to be. how much the tax cuts into the business's surplus vs the customer's totally depends on the situation. i do actually learn best by reading. if the professor produces a set of authoritative notes for the class, i will get an A on every exam. as long as the professor makes it clear exactly what sections of the text are important, i will learn everything and still get an A every time. if the professor says important stuff during lecture that cannot be read somewhere, i have no chance of retaining that information. > Or over tens of millions of years would more naturally occurring easy to find veins of gold and silver rise to the surface of the Earth's crust? i am not a geologist but, as i understand it, plate tectonics cause a lot of "churn" in the crust. so i think it is certainly conceivable that a civilization could mine all the accessible veins to exhaustion but have many more veins brought up near the surface in the following 60 million years. i am one of those people who think that we should allocate resources against causes of death in close proportion to the number of lives claimed. my guess is that many other engineering types also take this position. recently however, i have come to worry that this position lacks empathy. especially in light of recent mass shootings in the US, i am forced to consider that some types of deaths have far worse second order effects than others. if ten people die on different days out in the woods, ten sets of family and friends are devastated. tragic, but if ten students are killed at school in the same day, it seems that the lasting damage is far more severe and widespread. to some extent you can say that's just because people are emotional/irrational and they are blocking optimal allocation, but maybe the optimal solution does need to take into account how people feel about things. maybe things like terrorism and mass shootings are actually a lot more harmful than the numbers suggest. i do agree with you in the broad strokes, but there is some thing called "empathy" that some people simply do not have. it can still be a useful word. i feel like some sort of mass commitment by potential users to actually use a new site would be much more valuable than any monetary investment. obviously that's a lot harder to bring about. keep in mind that esports are still quite young. the top three games right now seem to be csgo, LoL, and dota 2. none of these games have lineages that go back more than twenty years. my guess is that the first twenty years of what became baseball, soccer, etc were even more unstable in their rulesets. i think your take is correct in the long run, but developers have a long road ahead of them before they are creating truly balanced games that can endure decades without change. mid-size coastal cities are severely underrated imo. sure you miss out on some of the glamour, but you can get a pretty nice urban lifestyle and your tech salary goes way further. personally, i love being able to drive anywhere within the city limits in under 30 mins and being able to find parking when i get there. im on the entry level side of things. im making ~$80k and paying $950 in rent, and i pay moderate taxes. i would be much worse off making $104k at google. you're right of course. any blanket statement will likely be wrong. > To accept to have your own child taken from you and cut open to offer its heart to some angry God supposes an amount of "faith" difficult to imagine. abraham was willing. in the whole article, i read only a couple sentences that explicitly talk about how any of these different approaches would actually benefit students, and what little there was was quite vague. on the other hand, they all seem to directly lower the burden faced by the schools themselves. in particular, knowing what other schools a student has applied to helps the college a lot (are we a reach? a safety? etc) but seems like it could only hurt an individual student. i vividly remember the stress of college applications, but i can't say it seems unnecessarily brutal to me. it is a very important process that will affect the rest of your life, and there is an inherent level of stress in these sorts of things. at the same time, there are a lot of tradeoffs that can be made depending on your tolerance for risk. i applied early decision to a school that was likely to accept me. i filled out one brief application and received my acceptance letter in early december. if your college admissions process is/was hell it is probably because of the expectations you (or your parents) set for yourself. forgive me if my ignorance is showing, but it doesn't entirely seem useful to talk about particular systems being "right" or "wrong". to me it just looks like a fairly typical risk-reward tradeoff. if you want wealth to grow fast, you need to accept high variance in the market. if you want low variance, you need to resign yourself to a low rate of return. one of the main ways that we enter into this tradeoff is through leverage. my comment that started this thread was admittedly of low quality. to the extent that i am making a real point here, it is just that westerners should probably not find the idea of willing child sacrifice so bizarre/unbelievable when the common patriarch of judaism, christianity, and islam is portrayed as being totally devoted and willing in one of the faiths' most well known stories. an email address and a phone number are still the only things you can safely assume everyone has. for many of my older relatives and non-tech acquaintances, the only options are email, sms, or phone calls. i dislike phone calls in general for all but the most time-sensitive and/or intimate conversations. i get a bit anxious on the phone and i don't like being essentially blocked for the duration of the call. i dislike sms because i don't have an iphone, so i cannot respond using a full sized keyboard without using workarounds like pushbullet, which i don't feel like setting up for the small number of people who insist on using sms. i don't love communicating via email but i would contest the claim that it is a legacy technology on the basis that it does not have a clear successor. there is no modern service that matches the ubiquity of email; the penetration is unequaled even by the likes of facebook. i would also point out that (personal) email addresses provide highly stable means of communicating with infrequent contacts. while people's phone numbers change over time, people seem to accumulate personal email addresses and at least forward the old ones to their main account. if i got someone's personal email address five or even ten years ago, i have a pretty good chance of reaching them today. on the other hand, i assume that phone numbers that i haven't used for a couple years are dead links. with messaging apps, you don't always have a clear indication of whether the person currently has the app installed with notifications enabled. > The thing that’s crazy is that this can cost 2-3 million dollars in many places in the Bay Area. The housing crises in affluent cities is absolutely the driving factor of our growing inequality issues. how can this be so? i agree it sucks that {insert middle class profession} can't afford a 3br in the bay area or NYC, but how can that be the root cause of inequality across an entire nation? there are tons of affordable 3br houses around where i live (mid-size coastal city). i see that it is a bad thing for service workers the wealthiest cities to be pushed ever further from their place of work, but this seems like a more local problem. > Most of the jobs that mint new members of the upper / upper-middle class are based in big cities. i feel that this claim is exaggerated. anecdotally, i live in a suburb of a midsize city. i rent a 3br house for under $2k a month and there are tons of tech companies within a 25-45 minute drive of my dwelling. an entry level job at any of them would easily put a person in the high end of middle class incomes for this area. to be sure, companies in the wealthiest US cities offer experienced employees compensation that is unmatched anywhere else. but for entry level and/or average skilled developers, it seems like SF, NYC, etc. are the only places where you aren't guaranteed an upper-middle class lifestyle. i would be in heaven if my projects at work compiled in mere minutes. I probably would not pay to see movies directed by you. becoming a manager in retail is really not that hard. most of my friends that started working retail in high school are managers by now (unless they left for a better job). > Our world is sufficiently productive (a trend I expect to continue rising) that we could offer a modest life to everyone regardless of how much they work. i realize that the rest of your post details technological advancements that could create this condition (on an indefinite timeline), but you also seem to be saying that it is already possible today. i often see this sort of claim these days, and i always wonder why this is treated as self evident fact. in 2015, the PPP adjusted GDP per capita over the entire planet was just under $16k [1]. this is only 125% of the US poverty line for a single person in the same year [2]. even if we could deliver this sum to every person in the world without losing production capacity and with no administrative cost, it hardly seems enough to provide what you mean by a "modest living" to everyone. much closer to mere subsistence in a developed nation. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_(PPP)... [2] https://www.census.gov/data/tables/time-series/demo/income-p... > Maybe crime rates are going down because people are more likely to stay hiding in their living rooms. i fail to see the practical difference. if would-be predators are staying home, it is still safer for kids to go play outside. i can understand this sentiment, but there are many mental illnesses that bring pain to the people around the afflicted. why do we single drug addicts out for judgement? anecdotally, i have seen that the ones that recover do not succeed through willpower or strength of character. the main factor is the strength of their support network. it is not a moral deficiency. > Actually - as it is often used - internship is only a way to pay less for the same (or sometimes more) not-fully-qualified job. are you speaking from experience here? i have had several internships, and at each one they let me fix a couple trivial bugs in production before giving me a toy project they have no intention of actually using. my peers have had very similar experiences. i would actually have loved to be given a full engineer's assignment. ah, i assumed we were talking about SWE type internships. i could certainly see interns doing entry-level work in other fields. > At some point a drug addict, predisposition and circumstances aside, had to make a choice to start taking drugs. Someone with a mental illness never chose to flirt with mental illness, they’re just mentally ill. as you point out later in your comment, there is significant overlap between drug addiction and other mental illness. it seems unfair to make the "original bad choice" argument in regards to people who didn't start off with a sound mind. i see a couple other issues with this common indictment of addicts. many people use alcohol without negative consequences, and it is considered acceptable to do so. are you going to go back and fault an alcoholic for taking the risk of having a first beer? another issue (and i believe this may be controversial) is that addiction as a mental disorder may exist in some latent state well before a person ever tries a drug. if so, the question is less "will they become addicted to drugs?" and more "if not drugs, what will they become addicted to instead?". my final objection is that drug addiction is not particularly unique among mental disorders in that it is possibly caused/triggered by an initial poor choice. explicit decisions (like deciding to try/use drugs) and more general lifestyle are significant risk factors in many mental illnesses (e.g. depression, schizophrenia), but people with these afflictions receive sympathy that is far less conditional. my personal take: we see addicts behave in ways that appear irrational and antisocial. when we are close to them, it causes us immense emotional pain and it can cost a lot of money to help them. we resent that they seem to be blissfully high while we clean up their messes. there is not a whole lot of incentive to understand how it isn't their fault. the less we can blame them, the harder we find it to draw the line where we can feel okay about cutting them off. > The quality (from a narrative and acting viewpoint primarily) is so low that I think it drives people away from the topic. ive seen a couple people express this opinion in the thread, and i am wondering where it comes from. imo the plot and acting in the expanse is on par with all but the best currently airing shows. shows like the chi and fargo are certainly more sophisticated and have much more emotional depth, but the expanse easily equals the big action-oriented series (GoT, walking dead, homeland, all the super hero series), and only maybe GoT or westworld comes close to the world-building aspect. maybe it's just my hard sci-fi fanboyism showing. i love the show, but i will say i found the tension between naomi and the crew this season to be a bit disappointing. the conflict felt a bit manufactured. i know some people criticize holden's somewhat bland character, which is not entirely unfair. if perhaps unintentional, i think this still serves a purpose. the world of the expanse is very unfamiliar and, basically being a normal dude from earth, he gives the viewer a character to anchor themselves with, or even substitute themselves for. it's kinda like how gordon freeman never talks. honestly i love him in the show (possibly my favorite character) and i haven't read the books yet. i see a rich (not random) portrayal of someone who just doesn't have an intuitive sense of right and wrong but is struggling to do the right thing anyway. i found the dialog between him and the psychopathic scientist very telling. disclaimer: i am only in my mid-twenties, so perhaps i lack sufficient perspective on this topic. i can only compare the landscape today against my childhood friendships. i do remember having fewer, closer friends when i was younger. at the same time, i don't feel that we had much in common other than being the same age, in the same place, and being part of the "outgroup". i valued these relationships very much (and still do), but they represented the exhaustion of the local pool of viable friends. we spent so much time together and developed strong bonds mainly because there was no clear way to access a more global pool to select from. today i have many acquaintances with whom i routinely share deep conversations over very specific interests (even irl!), and it is relatively easy to find more of these if i desire. while my social life is much more intellectually rich, it is definitely harder to develop a trusted confidant; conversations just never seem to naturally flow into that territory. to me, it seems like the older style of friendship and the modern friendship occupy different places on roughly the same pareto frontier. you can certainly prefer one or the other, but i don't feel that either is intrinsically better. the dude wiretapped the FBI. it doesn't get much more badass than that. > Finally, a company not using this attack as a way to say PGP is fully broken and you should be using their walled garden instead of PGP. i mean, i do like protonmail and their product, but you can't act like this post isn't designed to protect their own interests. the facts happen to be on their side here. off the top of my head, valid DMCA takedowns? not really. in 117 AD, the roman empire controlled about half the total area of contemporary china (5 million km^2 vs 9.6 million km^2). the estimated population at this time was 70 million, two orders of magnitude off china's 1.4 billion today. the only way you could consider rome to have been "bigger" is to consider what fraction of the world's population fell within its borders. about 21% of the world's population lived in the roman empire versus china's 18.4% share today. [1][2] edit: or did you mean china contemporary to rome haha? most relevant figures are for the han dynasty. area was 6.5 million km^2 in 100 AD, and population was 57.6 million in 2 AD, making the two empires roughly comparable in size. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_Empire [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Han_dynasty no real reason. it's just that 86400000 / 10^2 ~= 0.01 and 365 is relatively close to pi shifted two places. there's no direct relationship between orbital period and length of day. > And I sometimes wonder if humans were smarter before civilization replaced evolution as the driving factor for intelligence. this is an odd proposition. evolution has not been replaced; rather, the evolutionary pressures have changed. in any case, civilization is not much more than 10,000 years old, which is pretty short in evolutionary timescales. and although we employ some measures (ie social services) to prevent the weakest from dying outright, it seems like long term strategic thought is more important than ever. for instance, it takes 5-7 years for a high school grad to get a master's degree. can you really envision an adult hunter-gatherer working towards something for that long without seeing the fruits of their labor? their environment mandated a much shorter term focus to avoid starvation or lethal competition from other humans. > But at some point I realized that most of the time you aren’t getting in trouble because you are breaking the rules. You are getting in trouble because you are making the rule makers unhappy. i had a similar realization in late high-school / early college, but worded a little differently. the rules themselves were never designed to be reasonable; they were designed to solve problems that the rule makers encountered in the past and afford them a "legitimate" means of recourse. no one ever intended to apply them consistently. this is why you can generally break as many rules as you want, so long as you don't actually cause a problem for someone. on the flip side, if you create a problem, they damn sure have an applicable rule on the books. >> Maybe try to figure out how to make the work fun? > I don't think this is the right approach, because you need the ability to focus on work even when it is not fun. this is just coming from my personal experience, but i think it is very important for a kid to have a job sometime in the high school years. my parents are fairly well off and they "protected" me from this need by just giving me spending money (sometimes for a trivial amount of chores, but usually just free money), so that a menial job would not distract me from my studies. of course, i just spent that money on frivolous things and outings with friends that distracted me from school anyway, and i ended up doing quite poorly (though i made it most of the way through a fairly prestigious school before it caught up with me). eventually i transferred to a regional (but still quite rigorous) university and had to get a restaurant job to pay my expenses. i learned a whole lot about the world real fast. it wasn't so much that i learned about the value of steady work, but rather that low wage jobs in low margin industries really slam home the point that you will never have anything unless you put in the work, and i worked real hard from that point on. i still have bouts of procrastination, but i never just let things slide now, and every time i spend a dollar i feel the amount of my own labor that i am letting go. sure, but this is still just a consequence of the definition of "second" and a coincidental relationship between orbital period and day length. you can readily see that no such relationship holds for any of the other planets in our system. unless i am grossly misunderstanding something, this is just an interesting tautology, similar to why torque and power curves for ICEs always cross at the same rpm. i agree, and i often think things out explicitly that way. i actually take a step further though. some fraction of my expenses are fixed (rent, insurance, food to an extent) which leaves me with some percentage of disposable income, call it 25% for this example. so if i get paid $20/hr, a $20 item that isn't absolutely necessary doesn't cost me one hour of work, but rather four, because three quarters of that money is "already spent". suddenly it doesn't seem like i need the shiny new gadget that badly. > I think training in literary analysis is a secret superpower for life what exactly do you mean by literary analysis here? i have (in my opinion) extremely good reading comprehension skills, in that i can read and understand the literal meaning of almost any text (provided i understand the context), and i got an 800 on the critical reading section of the SAT. on the other hand, i can't for the life of me read a book and pick out any of the major themes without having them spoon-fed to me. i was always terrified when i was expected to have my own opinion about a text to use as the topic for a paper. > This, to me, seems just as disruptive to the creative freedom of a program's producers/writers/directors. only if there is a wide disparity in the price companies are willing to pay to have their product in the show. say you have a show about a lawyer and they need a car to drive around in. my guess is bmw and mercedes offer similar amounts of money, so you just pick the one that the character would prefer. on the other hand, you're probably not going to see anyone using a pixel 2 outside of mr robot. i have a zero fee, zero minimum account with schwab that also gives me access to their ETFs with no trade commissions or monthly limits, and the ETFs themselves have extremely low expense ratios. also they reimburse any ATM fees in full every month. what advantages does Usaa have over this setup? i've never actually tried this, but i believe you can deposit relatively small amounts of physical cash into a schwab account at an ATM. i am lucky to have a branch near me, where i have only ever received excellent service, but i could imagine that a credit union could have better customer service overall. > Also, a university has computer resources that no student can match. this probably only matters for graduate+ level studies and perhaps a couple upper level electives for undergrads. in my whole time as an undergrad (at a well-regarded regional school), i only used our HPC cluster once for a trivial parallelism project in my algorithms class. the vast majority of my school projects required the compute resources of a 10 year old laptop, anyway. having paid experts on staff that are required to hold office hours and field questions is a much more compelling advantage of university imo. they're not useful for the discussion we are trying to have in this thread, but it seems a bit presumptuous to say that the entire study is complete nonsense because they use certain terms of art in the way they are normally understood within their field. a paper talking about the "power" of turing machines is not hogwash simply because other people mean something different when they talk about compute power. > Any supplier thinking long-term I'm sure will recognize the economic downside of killing off their clientele maybe, maybe not. often when someone overdoses, the dealer has customers lined up around the block the next day. addicts don't know whether that particular stuff was cut with fent or just stronger than usual, and they don't particularly care. even if enough people were dying that it made a significant dent in sales, i doubt it would change anything for the suppliers. selling fentanyl as heroin is massively more profitable than just selling heroin, and there's no way to do it safely. low doses of heroin are in the tens of milligrams, while fentanyl can have a potent effect at doses less than one milligram. this makes it really hard to achieve a homogenous mixture; there's basically always going to be some potentially lethal hotspots. i think this is a good idea, but it would require a lot of thought to ensure that the wallet linking requirement does not deanonymize paid users. i assume youre aware that BTC is not actually anonymous without taking some nontrivial steps. i actually used to avoid vevo because it would usually give you the censored version of popular songs. > I'm far from coins, but heard that monero may be more anonymous i'm in a similar position. i find crypto interesting but i don't understand it well enough to be confident about the anonymity provided. a concern i have is that people are already looking for ways to deanonymize crypto wallets and tor users separately. to link tor to crypto wallets would seem to increase the attack surface to deanonymize tor users. i'll leave it to those more knowledgeable than me to say how much of a risk this really is. again, i do think it is very important for the long term viability of tor to create more incentive for users to support it financially. i'm guessing your name is timvdalen? > Every piece of the pie picked up by the 0.1 percent, in relative terms, had to come from the people below. this statement is literally true, but aside from "in relative terms", the wording of the whole sentence seems to evoke a zero sum game. I see this type of writing in most articles about inequality and I wish the authors would strive to be more explicit. it's an important distinction, even if we agree that relative gains are just significant as absolute gains. to be clear, I am not criticizing the author for not explicitly using the term "zero-sum game"; however dysfunctional the economy may be, it is clearly not that. I am criticizing the author for writing about relative gains using language (e.g. "pie", "taking from", "giving up") that is clearly evocative of a zero sum game. it encourages the uncareful reader to conflate absolute and relative gains. does the threat model require anything more? i haven't really been exposed to consoles since i was a kid, but i don't get the impression that end users do anything terribly sensitive on them. i thought that whatever security existed was mainly intended to combat piracy. if the majority of the risk falls on sony, i don't really care how well they secure the device. your argument essentially reduces to "$1.01mm net + $80k salary is much more well off than $1.01mm net + low salary". unless A happens to be a financial wizard, this is always going to be true no matter how A's assets are allocated. i'm not sure what your point is with respect to counting primary residences in net worth. if A were truly worse off for having the house (and they very well may be with that lopsided allocation), they could just sell it. a typical yearly return on $1.01mm is very close to the median household income in the US. having a private jet is likely not "economical" unless you fly a lot . but it's still a better experience than flying first class in almost every way. the biggest advantage is that you set the schedule yourself. some routes only have one or two non-stop flights per day. now you have a non-stop flight whenever you want. combined with the fact that you no longer have to show up early to make sure you have time for security (now you never go through security at all, and if you're late the plane waits for you), this is a huge time saver. you can also have much better accommodations on your own plane. better alcohol, food you actually want to eat, even more comfortable seats, etc. you can guarantee that a child will never scream in your ear or kick the back of your seat. comparing a private jet to first class is honestly ridiculous, the experiences are leagues apart. i would fly privately if i could remotely afford it. the real question is what advantage is there to owning a plane versus simply chartering them on demand. i assume it just comes down to frequency of travel. > The more cynical view is that this was done on purpose to harm blue states that tend to have higher state income taxes this could very well be true, but it does seem unfair in the first place to be able to deduct state income tax. it's great that some states have decided to increase their income taxes to offer more services to their citizens, but why should tax payers in other states have to subsidize them without receiving any benefit? not exactly, only about 15 states pay more federal tax than they receive back, and they're not all the ones you would expect. [0] still, this is a valid point. the net flow of cash is certainly an important thing to consider, but i do think it is worth making the distinction between federal and state taxes. i happen to live in a (very blue) state that receives more federal dollars than we pay in taxes. if i lived in a creditor state, i would certainly not be thrilled with the situation, but i would accept that the tax is raised (at least ostensibly) for the national interest and may not be spent evenly among the states. state taxes, on the other hand, are raised exclusively for the benefit of that state. we can argue about how to allocate federal dollars most fairly, but i really feel that state taxes should not be directly subsidized by citizens of other states. [0] https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2014/05/which-s... they don't state how they do this ranking very explicitly, but it seems to be some combination of number of jobs, median pay, and local cost of living. there aren't a ton of software jobs within the city, but there are many software companies paying DC salaries within a 30-60 minute commute to the southwest. the cost of living in baltimore is also quite low, but many of the neighborhoods probably fall short of what your typical SWE would be willing to tolerate. i think the argument is that, while refusing to serve the gay couple at all would be illegal discrimination, refusing to make a cake with their specific design is not. although i find it gross that people would have an issue making this type of cake, i find the free speech angle somewhat compelling in this case. as originally formulated, yes, but no one really cares about transistor density itself; we care because it correlates well with performance. not sure whether you are being flippant, but i seriously think about this sometimes. while there is great suffering in the human world, the animal world is even more brutal. at the same time, i can't begin to imagine what an insect's experience of the world is like. you can certainly observe wounded insects experiencing what looks like pain, but do they truly "suffer" in the sense that a human does? > Obviously companies have all the power, and we need to fight a guerrilla style war against corporate hegemony, and we obviously have to take strategic consideration of these facts. virtually no one who posts on this website will be better off after the revolution. why dedicate your life to screwing yourself? > it disallows an English speaker to refer to a person in a gender unspecified way it's really not that hard to use singular "they". we already do it naturally in instances like "someone left their coat here. i hope they don't need it today." it only gets confusing when you try to talk about a gender unspecified member of a group and the group at the same time. you can certainly debate whether you should have to adjust the way you speak, but it's not like what people are requesting with pronouns is actually hard. this is just not true, at least on the east coast. i rent a 4br house just over the city line that's listed for ~$200k . 10 minute drive to downtown and a 30 minute commute to work. if i wanted to i could easily come up with the down payment for this house in a couple years on my entry level engineer's salary. in my office park alone, there are already several other software companies right there that i could conceivably work at. once you rule out NYC, Boston, and the other megacities, there are still many mid-sized cities with good food, music, etc. they don't have nearly the same troubles with traffic, so it's often pretty easy to find a good job in the burbs if they dont do software in the city center. > What's the point of high income when you have to use it to buy things you otherwise get as part of the package anyway it doesn't just cancel out though. software devs in the states make much more money, to the point where you can easily afford the things that the government would provide you in europe. plus you obviously have to pay for those things through taxes anyway, and guess who pays the lions share of that. if you are in a high income bracket, you are always going to pay more in than you get back in direct services. personally i think the situation is fairly exaggerated. anyone who gets through an undergrad program in CS can probably live like you if they are smart about debt and adjust their expectations (ie, not living it up in NYC/SF). that said, the main thing that gets people is educating their children. a lot of highly desirable places to live as a single person or young couple have pretty bad public school options. the places with good public schools are genuinely expensive in a lot of locales. take a look at home prices in areas around you with good schools and/or look at private school tuitions and you might see how professionals with kids can start to get squeezed. > The very existence of an "if this then that," thought in their mind is performance inhibiting, because even that "if," statement needs to be negated before they can respond. i guess humans also suffer from branching stalls. not sure whether you are calling my original claim naive or that i imply getting an undergrad degree is an attainable goal. > suggesting the wide spread use of using highly technical solutions. this is certainly something that happens in tech communities, but come on. it's like a three step process to install Tor browser and it works just like normal Firefox. any motivated person who can use a computer at all should be able to figure it out in about 15 minutes. motivation is also the key missing factor in the anecdote about your mom. i bet she would figure out how to send photos by text real quick if her safety or job depended on acquiring that skill. you are being somewhat flippant, but you are getting at something I often wonder about. why is it considered reasonable to spend so much money (and a life) to occasionally rescue a small number of people in a weird predicament? Elon musk was ready to drop about a million dollars on this problem; similarly, I often read about the US Navy retasking entire warships to respond to small maritime emergencies at an hourly cost I can't fathom. is it callous to ask whether there isn't a more efficient (from the perspective of actually helping a significant number of people) way to allocate these resources? there are a lot of lives that could be changed for way less. > It there a performance boost to simply have more memory, even if some of it is Optane, or is it better to have a lower capacity without the Optane sticks? I would imagine it depends entirely on whether your working set fits in main memory already. if yes, you're not gonna get much speedup from more memory. but if you have to keep swapping from a traditional SSD, it's gonna be hard for faster main memory to make up for that. maybe my lameness is showing, but why do people do this? even as a teenager I was usually running out of steam and thinking about bed at that time. is it for people who work late shifts or are there superhumans out there pregaming all night for a 1 AM show? or do they not even start partying until 10/11 PM? i don't intend to argue GP's point for them, but it is important to be aware of the difference between paying a tax and actually bearing the burden of that tax. if (hypothetically) you increase some tax by 5% and all the companies raise their prices by 5%, you might end up with a situation where the companies "pay" the tax, but it entirely comes from the pockets of consumers. this is called tax incidence, and you can read more about it here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tax_incidence the corporate tax is actually very controversial among economists. it seems like a straightforward case of "making the big corps pay", but there is very little consensus as to who ultimately foots the bill for this type of tax. > And sales taxes (vs. VAT) is a terrible idea overall, it is a tax on consumers, not on companies, as it only applies on the final sale to consumer. you are correct that sales tax is almost always regressive, but please be careful making this kind of "just so" argument regarding taxes. the place in the production pipeline where taxes are collected has almost nothing to do with who ultimately bears the burden of the tax. see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tax_incidence if you're interested in learning more. my apologies for the taxes 101 spiel, a lot of HNers don't seem to understand tax incidence. we are in complete agreement on US style sales tax. LVT is very appealing from the theoretical perspective. i would very much like to see it play out at scale somewhere. unfortunately, while it is fairly easy to add new taxes, you rarely see a new tax substituted for an old one. ivy league educations are obviously a very scarce good. is it really so wrong to want to limit the amount of unambitious professionals they matriculate? i was a smart enough kid that i probably could have done well academically at an ivy league school, but the whole time i was in college i knew i had no loftier goals than just getting a nice job as a software engineer and enjoying my time after work. there are hundreds of good state schools that do a great job preparing you for this kind of life if you put in the work. a spot at a school like MIT would honestly have been wasted on me, even though i was likely "smart enough" to be there. > impact on climate change do cows produce significantly more methane than non-domesticated grazing animals, or are there simply many more cows than there were buffalo? unfortunately what others think about you can materially affect your life. my guess is this is not a common use case among their customers. why do you want a savings account anyway? why not just grab some shares of a bond fund? even with the best savings accounts you are slowly burning your money. > cred at parties maybe i'm naive, but if party cred were a serious priority, i would probably have chosen a different career altogether. ah okay, I always sort of imagined it would be like that in SF. I live in a metro area that is not as tech-oriented. when I tell people I'm a software engineer at parties, the only thing they find impressive is that I actually have a full-time job. > what is causing overdoses? overdoses can happen in many ways. sometimes it is genuine user error; ie, the person goes overboard and simply takes too much, or they don't properly account for the drop in tolerance after a period of abstinence. > most are acquired through medical prescription this might be true overall, but i'm not sure it's true of illegal/abusive use of the drugs. i can't easily find precise numbers, but prescription drugs appear to account for less than half of total opioid overdose deaths [1]. this brings us to the next (and as far as i can tell, primary) cause of overdose deaths: variance in purity. the purity of heroin varies wildly, anywhere from 10-60% strength on the street. add fentanyl hotspots to the mix, and suddenly addicts are overdosing on what they consider conservative "tester" doses. [1] https://talbottcampus.com/prescription-drug-abuse-statistics... txru is trolling you. when we inflect Latin words in English, we always treat them as if they have nominative case. > did you know that philosophy degrees are disproportionately represented among CEO’s? I did know this, but I wonder which way the causality goes. perhaps CEO's are disproportionately likely to have come from wealthy families who could afford to send them to elite liberal arts colleges and/or afford to pursue a degree without direct applications. > If prison conditions are bad enough for someone to even consider that, that's a damning indictment of the prison system. really? a cage is still a cage, no matter how nice. i'm not thirty yet; to live out more than half of my life in confinement, with no hope of release, sounds like a fate worse than death to me. if i were near the end of my life already and had a family, it might be a different calculation. > Isnt there a name for this type of reasoning? counterfactual reasoning? if it weren't for the fact that you disagree, you might just call it being thorough. what constitutes a "living wage" when you don't have to pay rent or buy food? maybe he genuinely believes that 1) and 2) are important. or maybe he doesn't want to get trashed in the comments, so he just throws the easy disclaimers out front. either is fine, imo. 3) and 4), maybe you have a point there... > literally becomes forcing all children to be educated by government institutions...which is bad this may be a very US perspective, but i'm totally with you here. it is certainly in the interest of a free society for tomorrow's citizens to at least have comparable standards of education (far from today's reality), but to have literally 100% of education administered by the government seems like a dangerous level of control to me. there's gotta be some independent system keeping them honest. anecdotally, i went to a private high school and had several friends at well-funded public schools in the county. though we all received high quality educations, they reported that their curriculum contained a lot less of the dirtier aspects of US history, which i was gleefully exposed to in class by some of the more subversive instructors at my school. > If rich parents couldn't choose which type of school their kids end up with, would public school still suck? though my parents aren't rich, i did attend a private school, so i am likely biased here. this strategy amounts to holding people's kids hostage until they do what you want, not sure i can get behind it. random aside: one of the great pleasures of my high school experience was having the opportunity to take several years of ancient greek. i know of only a couple other private schools in my state that offered this at all, and i don't know of any public schools that do. obviously it is unfair that only a few students can have this, but it would make me very sad if no one could at all. yes and no. usually this fixes the quality of the education (although there do exist some that are weak academically), but private schools can still be very toxic places. not even all the rich white kids fit in. sure, but is the revolt prevented by keeping them busy or by giving them an (albeit bullshit) means of keeping food on their tables? i'm not a historian, but most of the revolts i've learned about were immediately preceded by severe scarcities of essential items. universities duplicate many services offered by businesses (and even the government, to an extent) in the surrounding area. i certainly found this convenient as a student, but i always found it a bit silly. wouldn't it be more efficient to just offer an expansive shuttle service to take the students to important places? you could even give stipends to the poorest students. institutions tend to be pretty wasteful when they implement a ton of different out of band stuff in house. > In this way, Venmo is getting users to remove the ambiguity in describing their transactions. really? i'm pretty sure there are a predefined set of phrases that map directly to emojis. when they already recognize these phrases, replacing them with an emoji removes no ambiguity for venmo. i always took the expression to be a valueless statement on the tendency of digital information to be widely disseminated. more "you can't stop the signal" than a moral claim. if we're talking about the music industry, sure, more investment enables the machine to make bigger stars and more money. but if we're talking about music as a cultural good, how much money is really needed to make a top notch studio album? no more than a million dollars in most cases. maybe you need to multiply that by a small integer to make a really good music video for a couple of the singles. is the purpose of copyright law to enable billion dollar stars, or million dollar albums? i would consider buying an electric car if it were as fast as my hot hatch, had comparable range, and weighed less than 3000 lbs. i doubt that will happen for quite some time. no, a base 911 is about $30,000 cheaper than the fastest model s and will easily wreck it on a track. the tesla can certainly beat it in a drag race, though. massive acceleration in a straight line gets old really fast, and you can't legally enjoy such a car on public roads. any performance oriented car over $25k already has too much power to fully appreciate this way. once a car is "fast enough", weight is the single most important factor for real world driving enjoyment. it's the height above earth's surface for a geostationary orbit. having worked at a restaurant before my first programming job, i think i get what you're saying here. i don't mind coding and i'm not bad at it, but i definitely miss the more social aspects of the restaurant job. i can imagine a lot of people being happier day to day there. i gotta ask though, by the time they are 65 and thinking about their retirement options, who is happier? > then move somewhere cheaper and older before the home or the home's surroundings deteriorate sure, if you know exactly when this will happen. but if you know, other people probably know, and they won't pay as much for your house. the implicit threat is that they will keep showing up like this. eventually the police will seriously injure one or more and it will look really bad. this kind of thing actually concerns Western governments. perhaps true of "big L" libertarianism, but this is not entirely a fair representation of the broader political philosophy. most libertarians i have talked to will certainly acknowledge that market failures happen even in unregulated markets. as i understand it, the core motivation for libertarianism is that power is real and impossible to "distribute" evenly. relatively more powerful people will always be able to divert state resources to serve their own ends. the only way to limit this effect is to limit the power of the state itself. so the argument is not so much that free markets are beautiful, perfect things; rather, the free market is usually preferable to the regulated markets that powerful actors will allow to occur. i mean, if a person misunderstands the goals of any project, they are likely to see its outcome as a failure. that doesn't really say anything about the project, though. i remember reading coverage of google fiber in tech publications when it first rolled out. even then they were describing it more as a "swift kick in the ass" to incumbent ISPs than a serious attempt to corner the market. it's like the early intel consumer ssds. intel never wanted to be a big (ie low margin) ssd vendor; they wanted to stimulate the other players to make faster storage to unbottleneck their processors. even your linked blog post seems to support this point. they conservatively couch the product as an "experiment". > We don't think we have all the answers – but through our trial, we hope to make a meaningful contribution to the shared goal of delivering faster and better Internet for everyone. does that sound like the PR blurb of a company that seriously intends to offer hi-speed internet to every person in america? i can see that there is a public benefit in having accessible broadband for every citizen. it is important that people out in the sticks still have access to the news, for example. but is it really of critical importance that everyone have access to 4K netflix streams? I can see how being a vet could be a sad job, but my real question is why dentists are more suicidal than doctors. I would imagine the latter to be exposed to a lot more stressful/tragic situations. really? in my experience, people who even know the difference between "mean" and "median" always use "average" in the sense of "mean". credentialed or not, if somebody told you you could afford something because "prices will always go up", would you believe them? in the context of an investment strategy, it is reasonable to assume that the overall market will always eventually rebound after a crash. it might not sometime in the future, but if the entire world market collapses and never recovers, we have bigger problems on our hands than asset allocation for retirement. that said, there's really no reason to assume that a specific type of asset will continue to appreciate indefinitely, even if it has done so for a very long time. but we're not even talking about betting hard on a particular asset class. we are talking about massively levered loans whose viability depends on the value of a single building. literally zero diversification. I honestly don't know how anyone could see this as anything but wishful thinking. like most social things, it depends heavily on context. if you're a software dev and you start talking shop with another dev, it's probably a safe topic of conversation, unless the person really doesn't want to talk about work after hours. unfortunately there is a lot of baggage wrapped up in one's occupation (social status, money, etc.). if, as a software dev, you start asking someone who works at a pizza place all kinds of questions about their work, it could be a very different dynamic. btw, i used to work in a pizza place and i had devised all kinds of strategies to optimize every aspect of my job. i loved when people would give me the opportunity to talk about it, but i know a lot of my coworkers were very unsatisfied with their job and place in the world, and would not be happy to be asked about it by someone who obviously made a lot more money. i've only skimmed parts of the book, but i recall the author explicitly saying multiple times that it is not a book of "tricks", but rather tactics that can only work if there is genuine interest behind them. idk how much time you have spent being deliberately manipulative, but unfortunately i have in my earlier years. unless you are naturally this way, it takes a lot of work in the moment and people are not usually fooled. > Android phones provide endless content this is a true statement, but idk how different it really is for the kids. when i was a kid i would happily spend hours rereading the same garbage star wars expanded universe books over and over and over, even though i had basically memorized the plot. with the abundance of content, i doubt today's children would be as satisfied to revisit the same thing so many times, but i also doubt that they waste much more time than i did. i don't genuinely enjoy most parties, but i do very much enjoy small gatherings of close friends. unfortunately, close friends do not grow on trees, and as an adult, i don't actually get that many opportunities to meet a broad range of new people. i find that parties are one of the few places in american society where it is acceptable to just approach people who seem interesting and start talking to them, so i see value in them even if i don't like them, per se. > I certainly lost the illusion of online communities being like real communities this was a really sad part of growing up for me. kinda reminds me of ajit pai going off on why he hates america. [0] [0] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNR3Z6hWTvg why do people care so much about mass shootings when they make up a tiny share of total homicides? it's not the body count, but the symbolic implications. 3000 deaths is not that many in the grand scheme of things. we expect thousands to die every year to disease, accidents, regional conflicts in unstable areas and are not shocked when it continues to happen. but it is a severe violation of what we expect for foreign actors to kill that many in the financial center of the most powerful country in the world. I would argue that anyone living in the west should be shocked by this sort of event. like it or not, the US is a key part of the west's defensive posture. it wouldn't take too many of those events to destabilize our half of the world. I think you are missing my point here a bit. 17 year later, there have been no more terror attacks at the same scale as 9/11. in hindsight, it's easy to say that we overreacted to a single very bad event. but this isn't what people were responding to at the time. people didn't believe this sort of thing could happen at all, and the next day they had to start wondering how long until the next one and how often these events would occur. try to imagine living in a world where huge office buildings can just come down at any time on a yearly, monthly, or weekly basis. I feel like the "rationals" underestimate just how destabilizing that would be. yeah, these are very unstable places. it should be shocking to imagine the west devolving into that. i read all of east of eden, but i didn't find it to be as great as advertised. maybe i would have appreciated it more if i had been raised christian (or jewish). billionaires are literally a minority group. they certainly don't need protected status, but, whether or not it is "good" to take their money, they can't effectively oppose this just by voting. one could just as easily make the argument that academics and social theorists have appropriated a word that has a commonly understood statistical meaning. no one objects to calling the alawites of syria a "minority group", even though they are relatively privileged and literally control the country. especially in the context of a (putative) democracy, it makes sense to use the word in the statistical sense. > An education is worth it if it is a master ymmv here. the company I work at offers the same starting salary to fresh bachelors, masters, and phds, unless your scholarly work happens to directly pertain to the business. in a lot of cases you will have missed out on 4-5 years of raises and experience. a lot of companies will be calling your peers "senior devs" by the time you get your first job. i mean yeah, in addition to actually being disenfranchised. > Also pointing out that donating to charity ends up being tax deductible so it is truly the most selfish public display i mean, he still ends up with less money. he just doesn't get taxed on the money he gives away. one could argue that donating is more tax efficient than paying workers more, because then their income would be taxed. I was talking about tax efficiency in that post, not any grand moral claim. although since we're on this topic, I would note that the US already spends as much or more money per grade school student than most of the European countries that we look to as models. this leads me to think that just shoving more tax dollars into the bureaucratic rube goldberg machine might actually be less impactful than a targeted charity effort. is there any particular reason why your whole family needs to be on a private domain? most people i know outside the tech field couldn't care less what domain is on the end of their email address, as long as they don't have to change it. the usual argument is that typical citizens have more to fear from their own intelligence agencies than from foreign ones outside their country's sphere of influence. then again, it is probably futile for a normal person to even include TLAs in their threat model. okay, what should we do about all the people on the island then? idk, if i were a woman i might still prefer that position to not having a job in my field. how about paying x * amount of tax evaded, where x > 1 and the penalty is uncapped? if a significant fraction of tax evasion lead to convictions, it wouldn't be good business to try. the obvious issue is that we don't see a high conviction rate for tax evasion, but this is an issue regardless of whether the penalty is jail or a fine. no matter how severe the penalty is for a crime, people seem to do it anyway if there is a strong incentive and they don't believe they will be the unlucky individual. sooner or later everyone is doing it, just to keep up, and the only people who actually get hit with the hammer are the lowest-hanging fruit (often small fish) or those who get singled out for political reasons. ridiculous! there's nothing wrong with the windows privacy model; these cheapskates just don't want to pay up for an enterprise volume license. > We tend to prefer shopping at places where we know the products we purchase will be of a certain standard. we don't just prefer; we pay to shop at places where we trust that the products will be of high quality (or at least authentic). no one i know around my age pays for any news whatsoever (including myself, admittedly). this should tell you something about how much we value quality news. worth pointing out because i don't know if this is also the case in other countries: if the jurors think the law is dumb, they can return a verdict of not guilty even if there is overwhelming evidence to the contrary. how often do they show car stops that result in no charge on "Live PD"? this isn't the jury "not following the law". it's called "jury nullification" and it has been a feature of common law for hundreds of years. the only thing more important than understanding is shipping on time. but how are you going to ship on time if you can't understand it? why not just save on the extra electronics and just manually honk the horn if you think people don't see you? having the jury ask questions can really only hurt the defendant. if a juror is so confused that they feel the need to ask a question, they should just count that point towards "reasonable doubt" and move on. > Rules made by 55 year old early risers that only need 6 hours of sleep a night who have become school officials are just cruel and unusual punishment to a chunk of teenagers out there. In a better world there could be a class action lawsuit to make this stop--but its still considered okay to promote "early to bed, early to rise" and flat-out discriminate against people with sleep disorders. tbh, i doubt the time that students are required to be at school has much to do with their ideal sleep schedules. only about a third of women are stay at home moms these days, so you can consider parents to fall into one of two groups: shift workers and 9-5 office workers. shifts can start/end at any time so they can't really be planned around at the level of an entire school system. so by default, the schedule gets planned with the assumption of both parents working 9-5s. if both parents have to be at work by 9:00, the kids need to be at school by 8:00, so the parents can drop them off or at least make sure they get on the bus. also, a lot of school districts only have enough buses to transport all the lower, middle, or high school students at once, so their arrivals must be staggered. given that school also serves the purpose of gov't sponsored day care, i'm not sure what they could really do better aside from granting tardiness allowances for students with bona-fide sleeping disorders. sure but, like i said in the part of my post that you quoted, school is also daycare. most parents don't want to have to think about wtf their kids are doing in the house until 11am or noon. maybe they're wrong and should take a more hands-off approach, but kids don't vote and they don't pay (much) tax. the system needs to cater to the needs of the parents as much as those of the kids. > If kids can’t get themselves to school by their teenage years, something is horrifically wrong with your urban planning. i mean, according to the general sentiment of HN at least, there is something horrifically wrong with urban planning in the US. in the meantime, the schools need to settle on a "least terrible" schedule. it's worth noting that this is considered a sin against the gods, and agamemnon is cursed for it. > If it is useful in helping people to not harm themselves and others this is a big if. the way AA is structured (they don't themselves collect any statistics about efficacy whatsoever) makes it extremely difficult to draw any conclusions about how helpful it is. as other people have said, AA essentially provides free group therapy, which is likely to be at least slightly helpful. i'm not sure there's any evidence to suggest that the 12 steps or higher power aspect yield any benefits over generic group drug counseling. the threat of being homeless if you quit your job is quite severe, but i'm not sure it's an apples-to-apples comparison to a situation where people will chase you down and whip you near to death if you try to leave. i guess it depends how complex the experiments are at your particular high school, but in my experience we did not have terribly precise instruments or techniques, so the labs would have a high degree of random error. since the lab usually had to fit into 75 minutes, the procedure usually didn't call for many trials. labs where we would perform 5 or more (up to twenty in one lab) trials for each step in college might have 3 or even just one trial in high school. if you have poor quality equipment and very few trials, the results are going to be all over the place. if you average the whole class's values, you might actually get close. "whoever tells you to run the study" is basically whoever approves the grant, so either a business, the government, or a university (indirectly using the governments money). all three are corruptible in their own ways. businesses certainly have a high incentive to get internal research correct. they don't necessarily have the same incentives when it comes to publishing results or funding external research. see tobacco health research performed/funded by tobacco companies. in general i trust businesses a bit more than governments, because I find it easier to dissect their motivations, but either can be greatly incentivised to distort scientific findings. > Rent shouldn’t be anywhere near comparable to mortgages? why not? rent probably should not be egregiously larger than the mortgage payment, but rent needs to at least price in the risks related to owning a property long term. not sure what types of jobs would make you answer that question (outside of security maybe), but at least in principle, such questions should be completely illegitimate within the US legal system. a $40 "drone" is really a small RC quadcopter with a 5-8 minute battery and probably no more than 150ft range. such a device is unlikely to make it any farther than the neighbor's roof/tree. fixed wing air-hogs that kids have been flying (unregistered) for decades pose a greater threat to public safety. if speeding was punishable by death but i were as likely to be caught as to die in a terror attack, i would definitely speed as much as i wanted. it doesn't directly rebut the post, but the poster you are responding to is emphasizing that costa rica is only able to maintain their military-free status by allying with one of the most powerful militaries in the world. it's probably a good thing that not every country in the world needs to maintain a full-scale military, but this only works if you have a powerful ally whom you can trust to defend you. the fact that costa rica is able to exist without a military doesn't imply that the US could also disband their military. if i understand correctly, it would probably be illegal (at least in the US) for a doctor not to operate in that situation. the only circumstance i know of where a doctor can willfully allow a patient to die is when a notarized do not resuscitate order has been filed. even in this situation, they would still probably be obligated to try any other means at their disposal to save the patient. how many levels of indirection does it take before you are no longer "morally and ethically bankrupt"? is the janitor at CIA partially responsible for extrajudicial killings? is it morally bankrupt to pay federal income tax, a portion of which will finance the killing machines? sure, but it seemed worth pointing out that the ethical behavior prescribed by the board is probably illegal. i don't want a formalized code of ethics in my field that might require me to break the law. > People think they have to surrender agency and personal dignity for basic services. who seriously thinks this? the only services i can think of off the top of my head that don't have viable paid alternatives are facebook and google search. and there's at least one decent alternative to google search that is a bit more privacy focused. for most people, privacy isn't even worth a $5 monthly subscription. idk about you but i have a zero premium plan with $2300 max out of pocket for in-network services. all i want is a foolproof way to ensure all my providers are in-network. it's really unfortunate. i would gladly pay $30/month or so for a legal service that did nothing other than replicate the current experience with torrent trackers. i would pay $100/month if every show/movie were guaranteed to be available in high bitrate 720p, 1080p, and (where applicable) 4K at the official airtime/release date, maybe throw in a few seedboxes for good measure. i don't even care whether the video starts immediately. im perfectly happy to wait ~10mins to get a decent buffer of chunks at the beginning of the file. > How much does that plan actually cost? Your W-2 should include the value of the employer's subsidy. idk honestly, but i would be interested to find out. this is my first year working at this particular form so i will need to wait for my first w-2. > You're still paying for inflated healthcare costs either way; in a competitive labor market (not always the case but certainly is in SV), reduced benefit costs would be expected to increase cash compensation. sure, but the employer doesn't pay any tax on this type of benefit, whereas we would both face additional taxes if they simply paid me more. all i'm pushing back on is the original statement that "people should demand an end to private insurers". people who don't get insurance through their employer and/or can't afford it themselves should probably oppose private insurance. software engineers, who already tend to have company insurance and be in high tax brackets, are pretty unlikely to benefit from any efficiency gains from a national health service. people like this can be wiped out by surprise out-of-network fees quite easily, so it is rational to focus on that aspect. even if that person is the richest man in the world, a US senator singling out a private citizen in formal legislation is still "punching down". you really shouldn't cheer for that. it's not childish, it's a control tactic. combined with making the laws themselves long and complex, it discourages the populace from trying to comprehend what is actually being done on their behalf. this leaves them in a position where they are more likely to just accept what their side says the legislation does at face value. afaik, it is commonly used to refer to situations where someone makes a joke at the expense of someone less powerful than they are. do you disagree with my understanding of the definition, or are you implying that jeff bezos is more powerful than a US senator who made a decent run for the presidency and is acting in his official capacity as such? > Also, 30k is a decent wage for a young person with no dependants. It’s not enough if you have kids, not even in the midwest or deep south a single person working full-time should be paid enough to support themselves, I can agree that companies and society have an obligation to make this happen. but why is it reasonable that the minimum allowable wage now has to support the worker and some arbitrary number of dependents? > whereas a 4k television panel can be had for under 500 now a days i would be much more worried about color accuracy than resolution with a $500 tv. could be i'm wrong due to economies of scale from large amount of consumers demanding "the 4K", but my guess is that a $500 1080p tv could look significantly better than 4K at the same price. assuming the gates foundation is one of the "good charities", why is this better than taking sustainable withdrawals from the endowment and spending ~8bn/year in perpetuity? $8 billion every year until the end of civilization is a whole lot more than $150 billion plus appreciation over twenty years. I assume a withdrawal rate of 5% (slightly aggressive) and assume the endowment will be $150bn after the remainder of gates' assets are donated. I don't think thats terribly unrealistic. I certainly dont mean that they would spend $8bn nominal dollars each year; I am aware of inflation and the impact it has on returns. my guess is that a well designed IQ test actually tests what it tests for with good accuracy/precision. i am skeptical that the IQ criteria are very close to what we consider "intelligence". hard to tease out when people have very different motivations. rationally, i understand the importance of education, but emotionally, i found it a bit odd that i was paying to do work. so i always did the minimum required to get a B or low A, except on programming assignments where i wanted to prove to myself that i was the best. i usually had the highest project average in the class. once i got myself into a position where i actually get paid to work, i didn't have much trouble getting motivated. I know the prevailing view on HN is that drivers don't give a shit about pedestrians and cyclists, and I'm willing to believe it's true that drivers are not often penalized for injuring them, but are most drivers really that bad? I'm not a terribly conscientious person, but I'm definitely worried and raise my level of caution any time I see pedestrians standing near the street or when I pass a cyclists. I know that they will be seriously injured if I hit them, and I really don't want that to be my fault. even if it isn't my fault (or if it is, but not in a way that a court will find me responsible), I am quite afraid of having to go through the whole legal process that could ensue. off the top of my head, the three most valuable tech companies in the world are based in the US. who do you think is the world leader in tech? i guess it's just my anxiety showing then. probably not a bad thing in this case. what kind of job hooks you up to a polygraph to ask if you've used marijuana and doesn't bother to give you a gc/ms screen? yesterday i tried to drag/drop a single profile trace file to upload to a bug report. somehow JIRA uploaded it as ~100 different files, which i had to delete one by one, since JIRA doesn't have batch deletion for attachments. every single deletion sent out an email to everyone who was following the bug, which means i dumped 100 emails on five different people. imagine the chaos that would have ensued in the ancient world if donkeys could pull carts at over 80mph. how easy is it to block ads on an iPhone these days (including in apps)? huh, well there goes my main argument against iOS. salary vs contractor is pretty similar to wholesale vs retail. if you know up front that you need a large amount of work from someone over a long period of time, you hire them as an FTE with a salary. the wholesale rate for developer time is much lower than what a comparable contractor will charge you per hour for the convenience of only paying for the hours where they do useful work. a possible reason why it is uneconomic to give gig economy workers salaries is because the necessary discount would put them below minimum wage. if i demand a $2mm salary, take it or leave it, i am not dictating a price; i am getting laughed out of the room and someone else is getting the job. uber is only dictating a price to the extent that lyft won't offer more. firms like comcast, who may be the only ISP offering >25mbps in a particular area, are the ones who get to dictate a price. it might not be as painful as it sounds. i lost a large amount of blood once (to the point of browning out), and it basically feels like being really, really drunk. you don't really understand what's happening and you're pretty numb to things like pain. > Cooking hundreds (or sometimes thousands) of good meals on a budget is a challenge that few kitchens seem to master. the part that confuses me here is the "on a budget part". i attended two very different schools for undergrad, but the meal plan pricing and food quality was very similar. when divided by the total number of swipes, meal plans at both schools cost about $11-13 per meal. the food was not inedible, but it was far worse than an $11 meal would be pretty much anywhere else. both schools offered a la carte cafes run or chains that would take cash and charge about half that for a filling meal that was much tastier (and was able to accommodate pretty much any allergy or dietary restriction). the universities will always say something like it costs extra to be make enough food to feed everyone without knowing who will dine there on a given day, but don't all restaurants face that problem to an extent? is there some genuine reason why it has to be so expensive/bad, or are they all just taking advantage of the mandatory freshman meal plan to subsidize other parts of operation? > me and my kid are playing in our backyard. Do I have the right of privacy? you probably have a right not to be filmed for commercial purposes, if at all. however, I don't think you have some fundamental right not to be looked at by people who have line of sight or to ban any equipment that might give them that. even if drones didn't exist, I could fly a plane at a legal height and look at your backyard through a telescope or from a nearby hill. yes, but people who violate section 336 were already subject to fines up to $250k and possible jail time. they don't need a bigger hammer to threaten hobbyists with. > I think drones are close to the level of dangers of cars. prosumer level drones are certainly a lot more dangerous than people who have only seen $40 toys would imagine, but i have to say this is a bit of a stretch. the mavic air you mention has a top speed of ~42 mph (although you won't find them traveling that fast for long) and weighs just under a pound. the maximum kinetic energy delivered is within a factor of two of a high school pitcher's fastball. the props can definitely cut you up bad, but it's not going to kill you unless it happens to hit a critical artery. this particular drone also happens to cost $800, fairly easy for a seriously interested professional to come up with, but most people are not buying a drone like this unless they plan to skip this generation of iphones. finally, a major reason why air travel is much safer than cars is that the airspace is actually quite sparse; there's just not that much stuff to run into if you're not near a major airport. when you consider all these factors together, it's not surprising that i can only find a handful of incidents where a bystander was seriously injured by a drone over the last 5 years, despite the fact that there are more unmanned than manned aerial vehicles in the US! i don't know how you're going to compare this to a >3000 pound vehicle that routinely travels through densely populated areas at 30mph. the electric scooter would be a better comparison imo. since i've already written a wall of text, i will say that i don't necessarily mind paying $200 and taking a course one time to be able to fly my drone with relative freedom. what i mind is having to call all 10 helipads (which may not even be operational) within 5 miles of me, one by one, every time i want to fly my drone 5 feet off the ground in my backyard. if 2 f-16s actually flew 500 ft over your house there was almost certainly a temporary flight restriction over the area, which is very easy to look up. it's also already illegal to fly anything anywhere near a large stadium during a game. the thing that frustrates me about this debate is that section 336 already had a pretty strict (and mostly reasonable, imo) set of rules for flying drones with severe penalties attached (up to $250k fine and possible jail time). idk why an informed person would call for stricter rules instead of just having the FAA enforce the ones that were already on the books. i'd say it's a pretty reasonable inference from the article, which mentions two interested parties: the The Commercial Drone Alliance (commercial advocate), which supports the repeal, and the Academy of Model Aeronautics (hobbyist organization), which opposes it. now why is it that these two orgs which are both interested in drones have such different stances? i'm assuming it was an ad supported service. as a layman, i assume that our wood techniques are not yet at the level where you can use it for twin tower scale buildings, but this raises an interesting question for me anyway. if such a building had all its structural elements made of wood, would it be likely to suffer the same catastrophic weakening in the event of a 767 strike? how do we know this? even if such travel became possible, what could motivate anyone to actually do it at scale? if they're anything like humans, there would probably be a few crazy beings who would do it just to do something extreme, but aside from escaping a dying world, i can't see any reason why such a journey would be attempted at scale. what's the point of having a galaxy spanning civilization when the origin system would be destroyed every time you made a roundtrip? > Stealing is the right word. You can spin it any way you like, but taking something that's for sale, without paying for it, is the definition of stealing. it's hardly as clear cut as you are making it. if I have an apple and you take it, I no longer have the apple. if I have five apples and you take one, I have four left. it's hard to imagine you taking something from me that I will still possess afterwards in the same quantity. I would argue that the sense in which most people use "take" does not include copying. to further my point: the law in the US, a bastion of copyright enforcement, clearly recognizes the difference between theft (a criminal offense) and copyright infringement (a civil offense). you can't go to jail for piracy. doesn't surprise me. most college students I've talked to recently (other than cs majors) genuinely have no idea how to pirate stuff (ie, don't even know what a torrent is). most are satisfied with the meagre selection on Spotify or even radio services like Pandora. to be clear, my point is that it isn't "stealing". i'm not necessarily saying it isn't wrong. when i was teenager / college student i never thought piracy was wrong, mainly because of the "well i wouldn't have paid for it anyway" argument. now that i'm a software dev, i have plenty of money for music and movies and i realize that my own livelihood depends on IP protection. i can't justify it so easily anymore. a blu-ray rip with no reencode can easily be 20-30GB. even the higher bitrate 1080p encodes found on public trackers can be 8-12GB. pretty easy to go through 34GB of high quality 1080p movies on a domestic plane flight (if you have the storage). sure, but how often do people actually follow: > React to the anonymous information unemotionally. Abusive posters will be encouraged further if they get irrationally irate responses. Sometimes the most effective response is silence. trolls don't need a lot of food to keep posting, but i posit they at least need some . > Obviously the best solution to this is to get back to a decentralized internet where no one site has more than 5% of the total users, but in the meantime the big players shouldn't be censoring anything. And if that so happens to make them less competitive against smaller sites without so many users they're expected not to restrict anything -- good. i would like to see governments take more of a black/white stance toward "safe harbor" protections. if you need to moderate for the bottom line, you can do it, but this should come with additional liability. > Knowing that there will likely be immediate physical consequences for inflammatory speech is a great way to limit that kind of behavior. it's also a great way to limit unpopular political speech and marginalized people taking up public space. "gay bashing", for example, is still a thing that happens to some of my friends. unless we can count on people to only administer beatings to the right folks, i don't really see how you can have it both ways. i agree that people were a bit naive in the 90s with respect to anticipating the problems with the internet, but i can't agree that anonymity is what they were wrong about. i find that people post much more concerning things on facebook pages, under their real names, than i have ever seen on sites like 4chan. > Wouldn't this be akin to say "Criminal laws ? the cops can't even police themselves!" yes it is. not too long ago there was a major issue with undercover cops in baltimore committing many of the serious crimes that they were supposed to be policing! [0] the commissioner (rightly imo) suspended undercover enforcement indefinitely. [0] https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/plainclot... I'm more curious about how they can store it. even if each frame could somehow be encoded as a single byte, you're looking at ~10TB/s, which afaik exceeds even the bandwidth between L1 cache and the execution core of a modern cpu. > It's becoming a logistical problem in Switzerland to have so little replacement as they've aged. this sounds like a pretty good problem to have. it's really hard to map subtle statements about probability to natural English sentences. pretty much any non-awkward formulation of that sentence is going to admit misinterpretations. unless I misread the post, the logistical problem is that there aren't enough new heroin addicts to justify keeping so many centers open. not sure what that has to do with paying for the unemployed and elderly. okay i'm not a physicist myself, but this is how i understand it. sound (ie pressure) waves require a medium to propagate through. the wave itself can travel over a long distance, but the actual particles involved are displaced only locally. now if you have a light and point it in a particular direction, the EM waves will propagate even through a vacuum. rather than local displacement of a medium, the photons themselves actually travel. depends on what you're used to. as a C++ dev, i find rust's syntax quite pleasing. it's not too different than what i'm used to, but a lot of the ugliest parts of C syntax have been improved. the only bad example that comes to mind is the lifetime specifier (what i think you are alluding to with the apostrophe). i would argue that if taxes are so onerous as to support a black market for a legal good, the taxes are probably much too high. for instance, consider the price of cigarettes in the state of new york. the average cost of a pack (after tax) is $12.85. the federal tax is about $1 per pack, and the state government levies an additional $4.35. without accounting for local taxes that are added in some counties/cities, that amounts to a ~70% tax on a pack of cigs. in addition to being an absurd tax from the get-go (in my opinion), it is also quite regressive, since poor people are significantly more likely to be smokers. when you add states that levy per-pack taxes of less than $1 to the mix, you basically guarantee that people are going to bootleg cigarettes. i like coding a lot more than i like sweeping floors, and i like sweeping a lot more than most people do. this doesn't imply that i would prefer to code "useful things" to sweeping floors. when i code in my free time i usually make weird 3D simulations to watch for my own pleasure. afaik, no one is lining up to pay me well for the things i actually want to do. i recommend you get the xps 13 or 15. once you swap out the killer wifi card for an intel solution, you have a solid machine that's ready to run your favorite distro out of the box. or you can get the developer addition that actually has dell support for ubuntu. idk why you would prefer the pixelbook to this unless you really like chromeOS. same goddess. luna is the roman name and selene is the greek name. > Nah, when something has large negative externalities you set the tax to the point of mostly discouraging it. That'll be pretty high. It's supposed to be. you really think each pack of cigs does $5.35 worth of damage to people other than the smoker? I don't think I've ever seen "her" used as a gender-neutral pronoun outside of abstract examples in philosophy papers. GP almost certainly meant to say they were assaulted by a woman. I'm honestly not sure i believe sexual assaults are way less common against men, although men may not recognize them as often. I've had several women behave towards me in ways that they would definitely call sexual assault if the roles were reversed. as for the down votes, look what GP wrote: > So you were sexually assaulted by a female? Am I missing something? this is an incredibly blunt and rude question to ask a victim of sexual assault. it implies that the very notion of the assault even occurring is so baffling as to require double checking that the poster even meant what they said. > I am not a native English speaker as you can probably tell yeah, i figured. i hope my post did not come off too harshly. > "user should click on the button so she can access the hidden page" historically the masculine "he", "man", "mankind" has been used to refer to all people in english, but it's not quite gender-neutral. in the last fifty years or so, some authors have used "she" instead to be more inclusive, but best practice today is to use "they" when gender is not known. just FYI. touche, but you seem to be deliberately missing the point of the thought experiment. what if we substitute english for french? i'm not entirely unsympathetic to this argument, but i don't think it only applies to busy executives. there's a certain cruelty in expecting people to spend so much of their lives in a setting where it is prohibited (or at least very taboo) to look for love. especially so for engineer types who may not have the skills or energy to maintain a social life outside of work. unfortunately, i don't think our society is healthy enough to do this in a safe way. im honestly not sure what your point is here about guys hitting on guys, but in my experience being hit on by women it is a genuinely blurry line. in general, it makes me very uncomfortable to be touched by someone without giving explicit consent, and over the years this has happened quite a few times (ranging from touching my hair at a bar to forcibly trying to restrain me from leaving after i decline sex). but if someone who i already consider attractive grabs me and starts talking to me, i don't necessarily mind and i might even like it. a whole range of behavior goes from uncomfortable to enjoyable in proportion to how much i am attracted to the person. on the flip side, knowing how uncomfortable it makes me, i will basically never touch anyone (other than to shake hands), unless they have explicitly told me it's okay. i think people perceive me as being kind of cold because of this. my point isn't that the ambiguity condones bad behavior in any way, but rather that you shouldn't make such sweeping statements to shut people down who might be trying to have a good faith discussion. this stuff is complicated and we need to talk about it. aside from the significant engineering required, my guess is that most people who could afford to construct or live on such a structure don't actually find libertarianism that appealing. hollow points are banned by the hague conventions, not geneva, and notably the us did not actually sign that section. it is sort of silly though. if i understand correctly, hollow points are not terribly useful in a typical military engagement because they are easily stopped by body armor. modern military rounds like 5.56 are designed to have a small cross-sectional area at impact to penetrate armor. > Any person who murdered another person has done an immoral action this is tautological; murder is immoral by definition. killing is a superset of murder, and people disagree on what types of killing are immoral. in world 1, 19 year olds pay a lot more than they do now, unless we are meant to assume that world 1 significantly increases the efficiency of the whole healthcare system. one of the stipulations of obamacare is that premiums for the elderly can be no more than three times the premiums paid by healthy young people. this implies that the natural ratio is greater than 3:1. you are right, and this is an important distinction. idk whether this is the case at BYU specifically, but in-state tuition at most state universities is going to be about that much per semester, and there are going to be many different grants available to a person who has no assets and a minimum wage job. any loans you end up taking in this position will have highly favorable terms subsidized by the us government. how is it hard? pretty much every state university costs $10-12k a year, so you're looking at $48k total if you somehow manage not to apply/qualify for any grants whatsoever. it's even cheaper if you go to community college for the first two years. yes they are nondischargeable in most cases, but good luck finding a private unsecured loan at anywhere near as low as the interest rate on a subsidized Stafford loan. > liberals think in terms of fairness while conservatives think in terms of morality i don't think this is a very accurate characterization. for one thing, fairness itself is a moral value. however, i do think liberals and conservatives tend to have different moral systems. in broad strokes, liberals tend to have more of a utilitarian perspective, while conservatives tend to be more deontological. i'm curious, what do you think would actually happen if we taxed corporate revenue instead of profits? the effect of a particular tax can be pretty hard to figure out. just because the tax is levied against a certain company or individual doesn't necessarily mean they actually bear the burden of that tax; depending on the situation, they may be able to pass off the burden to someone else entirely. in general though, you can think of taxes as discouraging a particular activity/transaction. if you directly slap a tax on revenue, you are basically putting the brakes on all economic activity. low margin businesses are probably hit harder than higher margin businesses, but keep in mind that the profitability of the average business varies a lot by industry, so you run the risk of putting entire sectors underwater. unless they are able to pass the tax on to their customers, a grocery store is going to be hit a lot harder by this tax than a semiconductor company, and people are going to be less likely to invest in them. taxing corporate profit is somewhat perverse in the same way, since it serves to discourage efficient allocation of capital, but it does have the nice side effect that it increases the incentivize for companies to spend more tax free dollars on things like employee benefits and wages. in my opinion, we should probably not tax corporations at all. ultimately all corporate revenue turns into either income for employees or capital gains for investors, so just tax these (progressively) and hike the rates. while we're at it, let's also eliminate as many personal tax credits and deductions as possible. i'm also curious. unless i'm not understanding something, your tax writeoff could not exceed your cost basis on the purchase of the business, making the maneuver a net loss. getting pushed out of the neighborhood you grew up in because of the rising rents sounds pretty sad. getting pushed out of your family home because it got so valuable that you can't pay the property tax on it doesn't really sound as tragic. in fact, i hope that happens to every house i ever own. sure, but aren't you still out the original $1mm? it looks like in your example you end up with $1mm, since you didn't have to pay tax on the profits of company B. but if you had just kept the original million and paid tax on B's profits, you would have ~1.8mm? or are you implying that you can buy company A for less than the market cap in the first place? ah okay, thanks for the lesson. it's actually really simple. some (but not all) neighborhoods have neighborhood associations that have bylaws. if you don't like the bylaws, you go live in a different neighborhood. pretty much everyone who lives in these kinds of places has at least one rule on the books that they think is dumb, but at the end of the day most people do actually want their neighbors to cut their lawns and stuff like that, so they choose to live somewhere that has at least some of these restrictions. > Castle doctrine is scary. only if you spend a lot of time in other people's houses uninvited. > Caring about "unsightly" things is universal to rich busybodies worldwide. It's not about freedom, it's about doing things that inconvenience poor people so they don't move to your neighborhood. it might have that effect in some cases, but I don't necessarily think that's the intent. people put a lot of effort into making their home and yard look nice and they want to live with other people who also care. I live in a quiet lower-middle class neighborhood and people will be all over me if I don't cut my lawn for a few weeks; it's not just a "rich people" thing. I don't call them busybodies though. I get to enjoy the product of their work every time I sit on my porch, so I don't mind doing my part to make the street pleasant. the people who care the most about frames per second are playing esports titles that don't demand much from the GPU. counterstrike is still CPU bound in most cases. > The difference is that the i9-9900k can single-thread turbo to 5GHz minor nitpick: the 9900k can actually turbo to 5GHz on two cores simultaneously. this is something i think about a lot, as one of my best friends from high school developed severe schizophrenia in his early twenties and has been living on the streets for several years now. his parents have plenty of money and would be willing to pay for pretty much any treatment program, but he completely refuses to try at all. they've had him involuntarily committed several times now, but he just walks out as soon as possible every time. the doctors say there is still a possibility of managing his condition, but that the time window is closing. on the one hand, it's really frustrating because it seems like his life could be greatly improved if he could be forced to undergo long term treatment. he might even be grateful on the other side. but on the other hand, living in a putatively free society, is there a point where you just have to take someone at their word that they don't want to do something? he doesn't seem to be hurting anyone but himself, and he claims to be happy. > Whether or not to legalize weed is the wrong question. The right one is: How will growing use of delta-9-THC affect individuals and communities? strongly disagree. the only question we should be asking about cannabis (and other drugs) is "do they harm people who haven't freely decided to consume them?". if not, there is nothing left to talk about wrt the law. edit: unless i misunderstand your post and you are making a point outside of legality? i could see it becoming part of future fashion trends for the elite and/or criminal elements. then again maybe i watch too much cyberpunk. do you also smirk while you're having "exactly the same dining experience" at applebee's? i get that this is theoretically inconvenient for you, but how big of a problem is this really? afaik, most people don't wirelessly charge their phones, even if they have capable devices, and the pixel line tends to be pretty low volume to begin with. given the small number of people that actually care and the possibly large cost of supporting full speed charging on a wider range of chargers, I'm not sure this is a problem at all, let alone one that merits new regulation. > flying them at altitudes where most people won't hear them if they're going to do this, they're going to need some serious insulation to keep the food warm. > Anyway you put it, the time savings does not provide a good ROI for the rest of the crap which follows a company like Uber flying a fleet of buzzing drones in an urban environment. compared to a fleet of '95 civics in questionable repair roaming the streets all day, a bunch of small drones doesn't actually sound that bad. drones aren't actually that loud once they're ~100 ft in the air and DJI is making them quieter every year. i honestly don't think any significant fraction of iphone buyers care about repairability. if they do at all, i really doubt they care enough to compromise on price or visual appeal / thinness. could be you're the selfish one trying to bend the entire industry towards your fringe interest. do you log into any important accounts on your phone? > Perhaps that sense of personal responsibility is an American affectation for all the talk of "liberal snowflakes", i do find that americans possess a decent amount of personal responsibility, insofar as they will take action to improve their own lives. as for improving their home country, i don't really see many americans doing much other than talk. the only people i see taking action in this way are members of marginalized groups working to improve things for their group and my white liberal friends taking selfies at protests. why wouldn't you call it affordable? CMU has a $72k sticker price (which only 30% of students actually pay in full) and has an average financial aid award of $44k. if your parents are actually destitute, you will pay very little. the elite universities in america do not cost much more than a typical state school if you are poor. i guess this is an unpopular position for some reason, but i'm inclined to agree. in pretty much every part of life you have to choose between effort and price. i can change my own oil or pay someone else to do it. i can cook myself dinner or pay to go out. why do people expect the internet to be different? okay you're right, the analogy doesn't fit as well as i thought when i woke up this morning. at a very high level i do still think there are some similarities. people want to consume a tailored tech experience that costs time and money to put together. they don't want to put in any effort to improve their experience, and they definitely don't want to pay for it. what do we do with/for these people? i say we leave them be and document workarounds for people who are willing to do a little reading. i'm white and i don't find it personally offensive. there is a certain set of risk-averse behaviors that seem ubiquitous among the white (upper) middle class. and maybe this is uncharitable of me, but i do actually think these people feel more virtuous because they do these things, or at least do them to signal virtue. when someone uses a phrase like "enlightened whiteness" or "SWPL", it seems there's a high chance that we both instantly picture the same loosely related set of things that would be hard to describe otherwise. it seems that people who buy cars fall into two groups. the first group views a car as an appliance, and will generally buy the cheapest one that will get them where they need to go and haul their stuff around. you tend to see these people driving crossovers. the second group actually enjoys driving, and will seek to get the nicest car that fits in their budget. the minimum viable car and the nicest car you can afford can be very different in cost. that is a dwight schrute quote, except it's actually about extracting hamburgers from horses. there are easier ways to solve this problem. if you don't care who goes, you can just raise the price. if you just want to serve regulars, make it invite only. you also have to consider the climate that the user lives in. one can be very diligent about discharge levels, but if you spend a lot of time outside in the heat, you are subjecting the battery to worst case operating conditions a lot. three years of frequent updates is pretty much the best support you're going to get with any android phone. i personally love my pixel 2, but they sold about half as many pixels in 2017 as samsung sold phones in a week. [0][1] samsung does give monthly security updates to its flagship products, but it won't support anything for more than two years. i think it's clear that consumers don't actually give a shit about updates when they choose their next phone, so i find it hard to fault google for having the best update policy on a series of phones that they struggle to break even on. [0] https://www.theverge.com/2018/2/13/17007104/google-pixel-tot... [1] https://www.statista.com/statistics/299144/samsung-smartphon... lol, so google can lose even more money selling you the next phone? of all the companies out there, i really doubt that google deliberately makes their phones obsolete. just look at how they run their phone business; i don't think they ever expect it to be a profit center. like i said, i love my pixel 2, but if the pixel 4/5 still starts at $800 i might jump ship too. > Would you accept the same logic for the software in a car? I don't think it would be acceptable if e.g. Tesla, a company that relies heavily on software in the car, would stop fixing security (and safety) issues after three or even five years after you bought the car. yeah, i would be pretty mad if my car stopped getting critical updates after three years, but there are a lot of reasons why this is not an apples-to-apples comparison. software defects in a car directly risk your physical safety. vulnerabilities in a phone can also have severe consequences, but it's a very different kind of risk. let's also not forget that a new car costs at least fifteen times as much as a new phone, and cars are regularly driven for ten to twenty years before they are scrapped. during this time, the manufacturer is getting a steady stream of revenue from selling replacement parts that they can use to offset the cost of providing safety recalls for old models. and even car companies aren't obligated to do recalls after fifteen years. > To prevent this problem and the waste of resources that goes with it, it would even be okay for me to have laws that sanctions abandoning software like this. do you really think the typical consumer cares about updates or security? they don't buy a new phone because the old one isn't getting updates. they buy a new one because they've smashed the shit out of their old one or they just want a new thing. i'm not sure what "resources" would be saved by forcing phone manufacturers to support old models that consumers don't want anyway. you would just end up deleting the $100-200 range of phones. > Although practical, this experience would be humiliating, annoying, and would probably be extremely beneficial for those who truly need it, and might be an eyesore for the rest of us. i don't think it's inherently humiliating to wear an advertisement. plenty of people pay to do this today (eg baseball hats and branded clothing). now if the advertising is tasteful/stylish enough that people actually want to wear it, probably no one will pay you to do it. perhaps a middle ground exists where people can get paid to wear moderately tasteful ads. for example, the livery of a formula one car is a bit garish, but they do seem to make some effort to make the colors work together. sure, it makes sense to go to the extreme "worst page on the internet" case for the purpose of your thought experiment. i'm just saying something like [0] might be enough ads to be worth money to someone, while not being completely ugly. i wouldn't wear something like that myself in public, but i wouldn't be too offended to stand near someone wearing it. [0] https://image.redbull.com/rbcom/010/2012-11-08/1331578705540... i honestly have a hard time believing this. i've flown southwest multiple times a year with my family for over a decade. we never pay for early check-in and we're always able to sit together in pairs, often no more than a couple rows apart. i can't remember the last time i checked in within an hour of check-in being unlocked and didn't get a B or even a high A. maybe it depends on the route? the fact that they only fly one kind of plane must help at least a little. maybe this gives them a little more leverage with the union, since the pilots are individually interchangeable? as an aside, when i fly, i usually travel with my dad, who is a big general aviation enthusiast. he often remarks that the southwest pilots make by far the smoothest landings. i suspect people's opinions about airlines are severely skewed by their home airport and choice of route. i mainly fly between two southwest hubs, and only occasionally is there a delay of 30-60 minutes. when i fly the same route on united, it is delayed more often than not, sometimes by hours or even cancelled entirely. i don't actually know the answer, but here's a guess. imagine you are going on a trip and you are planning your outbound flight and first night's accommodations. you suspect that the price will go down at the last minute so you put off making reservations as long as possible. which are you more willing to risk, having a place to sleep when you get there, or getting there on the day that you planned? i suspect most people are more comfortable risking a late arrival than arriving with no place to stay. i think google filters the businesses to only show you ones it thinks you would be interested in. pretty much any store i've ever navigated to or been inside shows up on google maps, even at wide zooms. > Yes but the doctor prescribes it first. fentanyl sold on the street is generally not diverted from prescriptions. fentanyl that you can actually take home tends to come in something like a patch where the drug is suspended at very low concentrations in a gel. illicit fentanyl sold at scale usually comes from illicit labs overseas. > how else would a stronger drug get approved in the light of the opioid crisis we already can't handle in this context, "stronger" simply means more potent by weight. you shouldn't assume that more potent opiates are more addictive; fentanyl is not the drug of choice for most opiate addicts. this seems like a simple and effective solution. a one to five minute delay on a group invite does not seem like a terrible inconvenience. > A strong, randomly generated password being given to the user and changed periodically would almost force the user to use some sort of password manager. or it would force them to click "reset my password" every time they use your service. now your service is only as secure as their email account. on the other hand, there are already quite a lot of us on this planet. not every single parent is doing a Good Deed by bringing yet another life into this world. it's not just unfair to the business though. if i have five years experience as a c++ dev and you have four years plus one year as a stay at home parent, it is unfair to me if the hiring process treats us both as if we have equal amounts of experience. first off, i don't actually agree with your implicit assumption that an arbitrary parent is doing some charitable service that i ought to be grateful for. i may benefit marginally from an additional birth by the time I reach old age, but the actual parents seem to benefit more, unless my peers are just bullshitting me about what a rewarding experience it is. if you're in a position where you can afford to shoulder the financial burden of having children, that's great and I wish you the best. if not, don't expect the small sliver of childfree folks to make up the difference for you. if we actually get to the point where society can't replace itself, maybe we can talk again. that is a strongly worded, yet totally unsupported claim. is there an argument that goes with it? i guess it boils down to you wanting me to help pay for you to raise your child(ren) and me not wanting to. an impasse indeed. there are many more of you than there are of me, so you will likely get your way if you wait. > Why do people post and upvote webpages that are behind a paywall? because it's explicitly allowed by the rules. I like your flair idea though, seems like a nice middle ground. > No idea how this would be normalized but it’s a novel concept. interesting concept indeed, but i think the normalization function would be a serious vulnerability. most state and national level elections in the US tend to be pretty close, so the normalization function would pretty much end up deciding the winner. people who realize this would fight hard to get a biased function implemented, and you would be stuck trying to explain statistics to the general public. basically the gerrymandering situation, but even harder for the public to understand. making new laws to solve problems that don't actually exist yet is the opposite of what I would call a good thing. maybe this is a cultural difference between the US and Europe, but over here we tend prefer for the government not to swing its weight around until there is clear evidence of a problem. even in the wealthiest country in the world, there is going to be a finite number of ambulances and EMTs. you can provision enough ambulances and crew so that it's very unlikely they will be overwhelmed with legitimate emergencies, but you can't guarantee it unless you only want to make ambulances and train EMTs. I'm honestly baffled that people can't tell the difference between coke and pepsi in a double blind test. this was a common science fair experiment at my middle school, and whenever i participated I could easily tell the difference. often restaurants will serve Pepsi when you order coke if that's all they have. I consistently notice this as well (as confirmed by the branding on the soda fountain). Pepsi has a different flavor and has significantly more sugar than coke, so I'm not sure what people are missing. idk about you, but I get to pick my hours, as long as they add up to forty. even with this freedom (and being a night owl), I find myself wanting to get to work by 9:00 anyway. any later and I just get home too late in the evening. if anything, I sometimes try to get to work half an hour to an hour early. I can't imagine there are too many parents who want to shift their schedule to get home even later. i mean yeah, you'll survive if you have to drive a car without heated seats for a few days, but sometimes i wonder if i overuse the navigation feature in android auto. i'm left feeling a bit naked when i occasionally borrow my dad's car with no nav system. honestly if you have a hard time sticking to two drinks at an event that could affect your livelihood, you probably just shouldn't drink. we don't need some rube goldberg system of drink metering. we need people to handle their own shit. if they actually behave badly you can always fire them. why does it have to be a ban? isn't it satisfying enough just to look down at your inferiors and bask in how mature you are? if you're concerned about performance, why would you use nightly? i've never benchmarked the difference between other people's release, beta, and nightly builds, but i know at my day job the daily builds are likely to have performance regressions that won't necessarily be fixed until beta or release. it's a lot worse than that imo. these people genuinely believe that they possess the roadmap for living The Good Life. once they realize how much better their way is than the one we freely choose, it becomes immoral not to bend us toward their way of life. i wouldn't be too sure; the people who support this measure seem to overlap with the people who also want to ban flavored ejuices. in my view, this is an inevitable consequence of the shift towards socialized medicine. when every human body is a financial liability for the government, you can expect it to get a lot more interested in how you treat your body. good alignment of incentives for public health, but terrible for individual liberty. people don't tend to think harm reduction strategies have gone too far until the government starts targeting their vices. i don't smoke anymore, but it still makes me very uncomfortable to see the government take another step forward in regulating how people treat their own bodies. the government rarely takes a step back. there are many facts about computers that seem trivial to me, but would take weeks of background to even begin to explain to my intelligent friends in other fields, so i can accept that there might be some complex topics in other disciplines where you just have to take the experts at their word. that being said, are there any economists here who can ELI5 the actual difference between private and public debt? thanks for the stab at an explanation. it sounds like you're saying that the debt load vs GDP is important, but the relationship in nominal terms doesn't say much. is that an accurate reading? the end goal of antitrust rules is (or should be) protecting consumers. if Facebook can kill your startup by adding a couple features to their platform, it implies that users would rather have the feature on Facebook than on a standalone platform, so they are probably not being hurt. if Facebook does the same thing and then charges money for the feature after your startup goes under, maybe the users are getting the short end of the stick. you are neglecting the difference between zero and positive sum in your examples. using a club is zero sum, because (as implied by the article) it doesn't reduce the global rate of car theft, so you are merely shifting the burden to other car owners. you are right that most areas of life are competitive, but the examples you provided are probably not zero sum. when you get educated, you don't just increase your leverage to take more out of a fixed size econonic pie; you marginally increase the size of the pie with your skills. increasing your physical fitness means less burden on health services. everyone you interact with has a more pleasant day when you aren't filthy. manuals are still inherently more efficient than fluid couplings, and they are going to weigh 60-150 lbs less than a traditional automatic or dual clutch transmission. also the "small cost difference" is $1000 or more on all the new cars I've looked at recently. i would like to see a source on this. i often see DCT or CVT versions of a car that are more efficient, but afaik, traditional fluid coupling automatics still have a hard time beating a manual transmission in the same car. yeah this occurred to me too, but i just decided to assume the article was correct to illustrate my greater point. the punchline of the article is to suggest that the club actually increases the local risk of theft anyway. > I suppose this is to be expected from people raised in an environment where multi-billion dollar corporations compete for customers and can afford to offer "just because I didn't like it" returns free of charge. you hit the nail on the head. amazon has a policy where they will let you get a full refund within n days as long as you haven't significantly damaged the item yourself. they're not stupid; they do realize some people will just use the thing a couple times and return it. so they do the math on their end and figure out what kind of return policy they can afford to offer. why wouldn't you take advantage of this? companies only offer this kind of policy because they expect to make even more money because of it. cash is a pretty terrible gift for people who give each other presents on a regular basis, unless the relationship is not reciprocal. if you and your friend just give each other $50 on Christmas, it's sort of pointless. if you give your friend a $50 gift card, now they have to go get themselves something nice that they wouldn't have purchased otherwise. > to certain extent, it forces over-consumption behavior isn't gift giving itself over-consumption? at least among peers, the other person would have just gotten the item themselves if they actually needed it. > When my friends/colleagues try to gift for any occasion, I always encourage them to gift cash. presumably you exchange gifts with these people on some sort of regular basis. if so, isn't this just a net zero transfer? may as well just not give gifts. you must love buying gas in new jersey. > There are also multiple states in the USA where you'd be within your rights to shoot anyone on your property. in which US states can you legally use deadly force against anyone on your property (not in your house) without being threatened? > Is there a term for a company that focuses on incomes first? perhaps a worker coop? [0] such an organization is not explicitly focused on maximizing worker incomes, but it seems like a likely outcome. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Worker_cooperative > You _could_ make this have an indistinguishable customer experience. I don't really see how this could work. the first issue is getting the pricing information from the drivers. are they willing to set a flat per mile rate, or are they going tailor fares on an individual basis, after browsing the currently requested rides? the latter would make it impossible to just compute a price from querying a db; there might need to be multiple rounds of bidding before the rider and driver could settle on a price. the former case would not be quite as complex, but uber would still have to ask the customer how they value wait time vs. price or decide for the customer. i personally like the model of bidding on rides, but most people use uber/lyft because it's as simple as opening up the app, committing to a ride, and hopping in after a few minutes. i don't think it can work that seamlessly if every driver sets their own (possibly complex) fare scheme. it's not sarcasm. 4GB is a pathetic amount of ram for a new computer in 2018. the last computer I had with 4GB of ram was a laptop I bought in the late '00s. a 2x4GB kit of DDR4 for a laptop costs about $50 on newegg right now. the kids should be glad to have any computer a relative will buy for them, but it's probably wasteful to purchase such an underprovisioned machine for an adult who will actually take care of it. > These are also unironically some of the things that conservatives/liberatarians seem to dislike. what do you mean by this? libertarians i know seem to like the ACLU as much as any large institution, and as far as i know, paying for news differs much more by age group than political affiliation, even though many libertarians might feel that the mainstream news doesn't share their values. > Also education. An educated populace is a populace that's hard to control. this is definitely one that libertarians/conservatives don't like to pay for, but i do question your claim here. how is an educated populace harder to control when the government administers the education? first of all, you are definitely right that it is silly to pay $200 more when all you care about is the extra 4GB ram. if i were in that position, i would buy the 4GB laptop and immediately upgrade the ram. the problem is that not everyone is comfortable upgrading ram themselves, and many modern ultraportables have the ram soldered in anyway. 4GB is honestly okay as a bare minimum for 2018, but it will rapidly become the system bottleneck in the coming years. > why do basic computers need 8gb these days? Tablets do about the same workload, but only need 3-4gb max... mobile software is still designed pretty differently than its desktop/laptop counterparts. take the browser for instance, probably the most widely used software by light users. while i type this post, firefox is taking up over 1GB just to have five tabs open, and it seems to use 100-200 MB more for each additional tab. that's a lot of memory, but the upside is that each tab is fully loaded in memory and can be switched to in an instant. on my phone, firefox uses way less memory, but only the current tab (or maybe a couple recently viewed ones) is actually loaded in memory. switching tabs on mobile triggers a page reload from disk or over the network, orders of magnitude slower than the desktop experience. certainly there are some lazy devs out there that waste our memory, but at the core there is a intrinsic tradeoff between memory usage and performace. it's always faster to load from memory than to read from storage. i doubt you would want to trade desktop/laptop class performance for mobile class memory footprint on your main device. > American values are all wrong. how can you tell when values are wrong? #1 and #3 are not contradictory. #1 is about being undercut by firms overseas that don't respect US IP law. #3 is about US IP law being overbearing where enforced. they're basically orthogonal points. > We need to increase automation and, little by little, continue to remove the pilot from the equation until we have pilotless/single-pilot commercial aircraft. there seems to be a growing consensus in the self-driving car debate that incremental automation is actually pretty dangerous, or at least much less safe than either fully manual or fully autonomous control, to the point where some consider it irresponsible to sell L3 autonomous vehicles at all. is there a particular reason why planes should be different? interrupt and polling based models each have their own pros and cons. neither is inherently better than the other. not sure exactly why you're being downvoted, but you probably should justify why "percent of GDP spent on social welfare" is the relevant comparison here. the US is in the top quartile of OECD countries for GDP per capita, and has over twice the GDP per capita of the lowest quartile countries. if they spent the same percentage of GDP as the other countries, they would be spending vastly more per citizen. > My pet hate is when I'm asked questions while I'm actually eating and I'm expected to answer with a mouth full of food. I definitely understand that this can be very annoying, but like I said, there are tradeoffs to both. Being a bit socially anxious myself, I prefer not to have to compete with the other diners for the server's attention, so the polling model is better for me. as an aside, when I go to nicer restaurants I find that the servers tend to be more skilled/graceful. I don't know exactly how they do it, but they always seem to come by at the perfect moment to check whether the food is okay without interrupting a bite/conversation. in theory, call buttons would be pretty nice, but I think some people would find it to cheapen the experience. "It is unclear which of the generals passed intelligence to the enemy, but their action had grave consequences for the war effort." How would you rewrite this sentence to be grammatically correct? with a wise investment strategy, the guy can spend about $300k per year without losing money in the long term. that's a lot of money, but it's not so much that you can't easily overspend if you're not careful and/or start "seeing green". if his kids end up going to top schools for college, that'll be ~$150k per year right there. no one needs to spend $300k in a year, but unless you are some kind of ascetic monk, you are susceptible to lifestyle creep. the reason i bring up college expenses (which are about $70k/year at top US schools) is that parents tend to do whatever they can to give their kids the best possible chance in life. even if someone is not purchasing luxuries for themselves, it's not hard to spend tons of money on children. about $600k needs to be set aside if he wants to guarantee that his children can attend any college they can get accepted to. in the meantime, there are plenty of expensive things he can do to improve their chances of admission. maybe this means buying a house in a better school district or paying for private school (possibly >$40k per year per child). maybe it's private SAT prep to boost test score. extracurriculars are also very important for admissions (and are enriching in their own right), and the most impressive ones aren't cheap either. there's always something you can spend more money on to improve life outcomes for your kids. you can't just say "I have a lot of money, I'm going to spend modestly, and everything will be alright," and have it be so. when you have $8mm, sitting on your hands for a year costs you ~$250,000. not opportunity cost, real dollar loss to inflation. the opportunity cost is even greater. also I don't know why you are talking to me about 5%. $250k is not 5% of $8mm. > There's no reason a 12" (and 13.3/14) laptop should be less powerful than a 15" or 17", though. yes there is. area and volume inside the chassis increase a lot faster than the length of the diagonal. the limiting factors for performance are heat dissipation and power. a bigger chassis can evacuate heat faster and house a larger battery that can sustain high power use for longer. as a Greek and Latin student, there are quite a lot of English words that don't quite mean what I would expect. if it's really important that I understand how a word is normally used in English (eg, some critical safety context), I look it up. I don't usually make $40,000 decisions that depend on time travel. > I wonder if there is even a safe "in between" phase between normal driving and truly, fully self-driving vehicles. Or will many people put too much trust in the tech to make it a safer alternative until it's much more mature. the prevailing opinion on this forum seems to be that these semi-autonomous driver aids are inherently unsafe because the driver inevitably stops paying attention. but are they actually worse that a typical human driving manually? I know we've seen a bunch of high-profile news stories about tesla autopilot malfunctions and inattentive safety drivers, but is there any real data to suggest that these systems are as bad as portrayed? I really don't want to live in a world where my moral character is judged by whether some random people on the street think of the right thing when they hear the name of my technical feature. there is an inherent tradeoff between accessibility and precision in language. can we err a little bit on the side of precision in a technical field? driving without a seatbelt is not just more dangerous for you; it's also more dangerous for the people around you in the event of an accident, because your body can become a dangerous projectile. obviously the projectile argument also applies to a motorcycle, but for the most part only the rider is exposed to more risk when they ride a motorcycle. if I'm spending that much money on something I can die in, you better believe I'm reading reviews in all the major car publications (and btw, all the in depth reviews do a pretty good job explaining what you need to know about tesla autopilot), watching reviews on YouTube, seeing what owners have to say on the relevant forums, etc. If the car has some new safety feature that I don't understand, I'm definitely reading everything the manual has to say about it before I drive off the lot. then again I'm one of those weird people who actually takes the recommended safety precautions when I do dangerous things. I also do crazy stuff like checking my tire pressure. the gym thing seems like a bit of a red herring. certainly when you're in your own home you have a reasonable expectation of privacy. even in a shared public space, you ought to have some legal protection against being arbitrarily tracked/surveiled. but on the literal physical premises of a private business, I'm not sure it's such a reasonable expectation. do you feed a dog every time it wants to eat? first of all, I don't think it's terribly inhumane to keep a cat inside. that said, averages never tell the full story. an urban environment with cars and many feral cats is a dangerous place for a pet. a rural environment that doesn't happen to have many predators is probably not that bad. also being outdoors is much more dangerous for very young and very old cats. that's great, but on average outdoor cats really do live much shorter lives. [0] [0] https://pets.webmd.com/cats/features/should-you-have-an-indo... how do you figure this out if your cat has never met another cat since being a kitten at the shelter? I've considered having him meet a friend's cat, but I would imagine it takes a few weeks to really judge whether they're happier together. I don't think this is a very good comparison. dogs are significantly more likely to overeat than cats. some cats will overeat too of course, but it's less common. maybe feeding was a bad example, but my point is that animals often want to do things that they don't understand the consequences of. my parents' cat really likes to jump on the stove, but we have to discourage him from doing this so he doesn't jump on a 400° griddle. diesel engines can exceed 45% efficiency [0], so lithium ion would have to more than triple in energy density to be competitive (using GP's numbers). that said, diesel is mainly used in large trucks and shipping vessels, where I would imagine energy per unit volume would be more important than energy per unit mass. if electricity were much cheaper than diesel fuel, it could certainly become the economic choice for all but the longest routes. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diesel_engine#Major_advantages > at my school in the US, the residence halls vary pretty widely in price interesting, would you mind sharing what kind of school you went to? I attended a private liberal arts school and a medium-sized state university and both charged a flat rate for housing. there was basically a lottery weighted by seniority and disciplinary record to get into the best dorms. sometimes I have a hard time telling whether people are posting an anecdote to support an argument or just to share. my bad. I think it honestly depends. to make an admittedly weird example: suppose you go to a dealership to buy a used car. you decide on one that's going for close to the KBB value, do all the paperwork, and drive the car off the lot. a year later you find out the dealership owner is a shady guy and some of the cars he sold were somehow stolen. the business no longer exists and the guy is nowhere to be found. should you really be out $10k and your ride to work? the case for returning the property in this situation is more practical than moral. that is, it's probably just easier to just find the guy with the car and take it than to extract money from a deadbeat car salesman who probably doesn't have it anymore. I find these sorts of legal things distasteful, but I guess I can see why we have them. in an ideal world, I think there should be some sort of safe harbor protection for people who make a reasonable effort in good faith to check that a transaction is bona fide. I loved Mr Nobody as a teenager, and I still think the overall concept is great, but when I watch as an adult, I can't help but cringe at a lot of the scenes. the acting is just so overwrought. maybe I've watched it too many times. no formal legal education, I'm just an armchair philosopher who occasionally reads about legal issues. thanks for sharing the bit about real estate, I will have to read more about the motivation for flipping the default rule there. indentured servitude may be banned, but similar dynamics still exist today. in the abstract, the college loan system in the US is not so different: you receive something valuable upfront (an education) and then you have to pay it back before you are really free to enjoy the fruits of your labor. while on the one hand you are not bound to a particular employer, the length of "servitude" is not set at the beginning and is likely to be much longer if you don't land a high-paying job. if the success of your political system depends on there being literally no alternatives to it elsewhere in the world, doesn't that suggest that something might be wrong with it? can you cite a source for 60% of federal taxes going to military spending? people are conflating the total budget with the discretionary budget. yeah that is out of the discretionary budget, which is roughly a fourth of the total budget. the government also spends more money than it collects in taxes, so the 60% figure doesn't have much to do with what fraction of your tax dollars actually get spent on the military. I worked as a server in an American restaurant when I was in college (not long ago). my perspective as an employee: I definitely would remember which customers tipped well. anyone who walked into the restaurant would at least get the minimum treatment my boss expected, but I would often go above and beyond for people I knew tipped well. I usually averaged around $12-15/hr after tips, in a state where the minimum wage was $8.50 or so. this is just speculation of course, but I really doubt I would have made that much money if it had to come direct from the business (ie no tipping culture). my perspective as a customer: tipping allows me to decide whether I want to pay extra for good service. if I just go to some restaurant occasionally, I'll just tip 18% or whatever and they at least won't spit in my food. on the other hand, if I go to some place all the time, I can tip 25% or more and get great service every time I go. tipping allows people who care about good service to pay for it, and it allows servers to allocate more of their time/attention to their best customers. having experienced both sides of it, I'm really not sure what the problem is, unless you're just visiting and don't understand the system. over a single pay period, servers are guaranteed minimum hourly wage regardless of tips. if minimum wage is less than a living wage, that's a separate issue that applies just as well to gas station cashiers. who are you advocating for here? if you're actually concerned for the servers, you might consider asking some of them for their opinion on tipping. most servers that I've talked to (including myself) actually like the system. I didn't have any ulterior motive behind not addressing your other points; mainly I just wanted to share my perspective on things that I actually have experience with. I'll take a stab at a response now. first of all, mandatory tipping at a coffee shop or takeout place is dumb. afaik, these are not legally considered tipped positions and the employer is not usually allowed to count tips toward minimum wage. that said, I certainly recommend you throw a little extra in their tip jar if they actually provide outstanding service. > Do you tip any of the people i mentioned? Because, frankly a garbage men's services are way more useful and needed than a servers. Why do servers deserve a tip and not people working at clothing store? Or people working at Walmart? I don't claim that the tipping system is inherently moral or immoral. my claim is that it is a practical way to align incentives in a particular set of situations. in a restaurant, the difference between acceptable and great service is quite large. if I'm handling several tables, I'm usually going to get to the tables that tip well first. I'm going to make sure they're not in the middle of a deep conversation when I go over to check if the food is okay. there are tons of subtle things that a skilled server can do to improve your dining experience if they are incentivized. garbage men, on the other hand, either pick up your trash or they don't. idk what the difference between a good and a great garbage collector is, maybe the great one takes the time to leave my can sitting upright? a cashier can ring you up fast or take their time, but can't really affect your experience other than that. I do actually agree that maybe some retail positions should be tipped. I find that usually Walmart employees don't give a shit whether I find everything I'm looking for. occasionally one of them is super helpful and saves me 30min or more of hunting around the store. in these situations I try to slip them a couple bills. if they refuse, I make sure to find their supervisor on the way out and explain that they made the store a lot more money by helping me find my things. I've read similar studies before. I certainly believe that customers aren't objective judges of service quality, but I simply can't believe there is no correlation between tips and service quality. everyone in the front of house knows who tips well and treats them at least a little differently. I suspect the causality is reversed. rather than good service being rewarded by good tips, people generally tip the same amount wherever they go, and after a while they start to get recognized and receive better service. we also have service jobs in my medium sized Mid-Atlantic city where you can rent a studio for $600. no one is "forcing" waiters to commute two hours into one of the most expensive cities in the world. I'm honestly not sure how to even begin explaining how unlikely it is that the entire service industry gets priced out of a wealthy area. if a huge amount of restaurants close, there will be a sudden increase in demand for tables at the ones that remain. the remaining restaurants can then increase their prices a lot and afford to hire servers. if that doesn't happen and all the restaurants actually leave, it implies that the residents didn't value dining out very highly in the first place. I suspect that social media is trying to be too much. at the beginning of Facebook, I remember people basically only interacting with people they knew in real life. it certainly didn't feel good if your whole high school class singled you out for public shame, but it wasn't much worse than what they could do face to face when the teacher wasn't looking. today, I notice that people are mainly sharing posts from prominent figures with tens of thousands of comments on them. there's simply no way to have a productive conversation when everyone's contribution is immediately buried. all you can really do is agree or disagree emphatically. the result is that now any person with a bunch of followers can say "fuck this guy" and thousands of people will pile on in an instant. aside from stuff like deliberately curating all the most inflammatory content for our feeds, I think one of the biggest issues with current communities is just scale. if you could only talk to people by joining a small group focused on a locality/hobby/occupation, I bet the experience would be a lot better. unless "seasonal" is understood to imply extremely little skill/experience, why would you expect repurposing accountants to be a better solution than hiring seasonal fulfillment people? if you hire them a couple weeks before you need them, you should be able to train them to be at least as useful as an accountant in the warehouse. on the other hand, this method has the substantial disadvantage that beverages delivered this way usually taste significantly worse than their bottled counterparts. I suspect "natural" products like fruit juice necessarily suffer from being made into concentrates and reconstituted on demand. I'm not sure why it should be this way with soda, but in my experience soda from a bottle always tastes way better than from a fountain. I'm always surprised when people are enthusiastic about Pandora. maybe I just haven't tried it enough (and/or recently enough). when I use Pandora I find that it plays a bunch of related artists that don't actually sound very similar. for instance, if I make a Death Cab for Cutie radio station, I just hear a bunch of mainstream indie rock from the mid/late 00s. I'm sure that modest mouse and dcfc are very close on an association graph, but they don't really sound anything like each other. > How about we don't try to harm thieves. We document and report the case to the police to the best of our ability. because the police are basically never going to do anything unless the squad car happens to roll by as the thief is running away with the package. you may as well send your documentation straight into the circular file. now I understand that kids do dumb stuff from time to time. riding a dirtbike around someones fifty acre estate is not that serious, and could easily be done unintentionally if property lines are not well marked. going up to someones door/porch without an invitation is quite something else. if you can find a way to mess these people up without putting the mailman at risk, I am all for it. I would be very happy to live in a society where messing in/around a person's dwelling is understood to be a serious risk. it's already a prominent option in the app. they just aren't very explicit about how it works. > do not allow products that target children, I am referring to products with bright colors and candy aromas etc the wide range of flavors is one of the main reasons that vaping is an effective smoking cessation tool for me and many other adults. please do not advocate banning flavors. > I think some people just want to call out "the worlds exemplar of democracy" spending the largest portion of its budget on undemocratic means. what do you mean by "largest portion" here? yeah I'm fine with the whole packaging being gruesome images of lung cancer or whatever you need. all I ask is that you don't break the part that makes it actually work for me. I don't think it's wise to encourage even more tracking of people/objects moving around in the real world. it probably wouldn't be that bad if government could track autonomous semis making deliveries to large shopping centers, but I wouldn't want it to have fine-grained data on who goes where and who delivers to their house. I'm certainly convinced at this point that climate change is a real thing that we should be concerned about, but that's only because I have (to the best of my ability as a cs person) critically examined the position taken by the climate scientists. no one is immune to bias and misaligned incentives, especially on contentious political issues, and especially in fields where your entire job depends on government funding. in general, I am quite skeptical of academics. also MARC and Amtrak have different endpoints in DC. even though it's more expensive, Amtrak may put an arbitrary person closer to where they need to be. in an ideal world, all non-physical harm would be handled this way. unfortunately, such attackers can cause multi-million dollar (or pound, in this case) losses in a short period of time and probably have minimal assets. you might get a few grand out of them if you're lucky. comparing sales of specific video games to specific albums seems like a weird comparison. for every one purchase of an album, there will be many people who hear it without purchasing it (on the radio, in restaurants, while shopping, etc.). the only legal way to experience a videogame without purchasing a copy is to play at a friend's house. games like fortnite might rival the most famous pop stars today in cultural significance, but I don't think you could say the same for GTA vs Britney Spears in the mid 00's. sure, but can you imagine anything like this video happening in the 90s? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZggcP1P1gU c++ is only a "high-level language" in comparison to c or asm. it should basically never be your first choice for a crud app in 2018. the point of the standard library is not to give you a bunch of abstract containers that "just work", but rather to give you many highly-optimized implementations of specific data structures to choose from. > Are you talking about C++ or high level languages in general? c++ specifically. if I don't care about the difference between, for example, a list, a vector, and a deque, I am probably going to choose a higher level language to work in. that said, you can write container agnostic code with templates and range-based for and/or iterators if you really want. I agree with your other points. in particular, it's annoying to have to reach for libcurl every time I want to do simple http stuff, and I have fond memories of scheme from cs 101, as beautiful and unpractical as it is. purchasing a work of art usually does not give you the rights to reproduce the piece. how do you increase the enforcement of distracted driving? that's an absurd speed. i literally cannot go that slow in my car without lugging the engine or slipping the clutch the whole way. no thanks.