Hello, and thanks for your feedback! We're sorry to be less exciting, but we do indeed only index the historified sites, otherwise the noise would be too much for historious to be of any usefulness. Luckily the cost of bookmarking a page is really low (just one click), so you can do it as often as you like! The extension is open source, you can download and run it yourself if you don't trust the packaged one: http://bitbucket.org/Stavros/historious.crx Thanks! When were computers fast enough? Each computer I've gotten is exactly as fast as the previous one, from the 100 MHz pentium I had in 97 to the quad core I have now. Programs do more things, but that's why the speed has remained the same. My only hope that this will change is with SSDs. I swapped my laptop's SSD for a HDD and now it's a dog, which reminded me how big the difference in performance is. Well, it's only good if it's making you money... 1) The factory owner should have been happy with the bill, given that it was what six minutes of downtime cost him. 2) "I have found the problem, the fix will cost $10,000. Should I proceed?" The gun does the exact same thing the picks do, only with less flexibility and more easily. I don't see why a locksmith who had picks handy already would have to run out to get the gun when you told him you didn't need the show. He should be able to scrape it with the proper pick regardless... Although, I realise I'm probably just nitpicking. Then you won't like the Greek version of that proverb, which makes little to no sense: "Whoever has the fly gets flied." The difference is that you're scanning, they're aggregating. Scanning is O(logn), aggregating is O(n). I remember trying for hours to understand Adaboost before it all clicked (it's an ingenious algorithm, by the way). The paper could certainly do with some more explanation, rather than just "this is the weight updating function, this is the evaluation step, done". Basically, bottle was here and things were good, and then Armin decided to announce Flask as an April Fools joke and ate poor bottle's lunch. Bottle and Flask are similar enough, but I think Flask has more momentum and support. It works with our oven's alarm clock if I hum, regardless of frequency, I seem to recall. > You mean we should be talking about rate of infection in a population, rather than their contribution to the raw infection numbers overall? Either is fine. "50% of HIV positive people are gay" is not. For all we know, there are only two HIV positive people, and one is gay and one straight. That's hardly a reason for excluding all gay people from donating... Where's the payoff? All I see is a system that had to work first time, so "agile" wasn't even an option. If there were an auto-update mechanism to get everyone on the latest version, it seems to me that you might have delivered months earlier and polished it over time. The GP mentioned arbitrary precision integers, which Python has. I believe they're called Long, and integers that overflow are cast to Long (represented as 123L). I will second this. A friend was trying to teach me the four different tones of the sh syllable, I had no clue what the hell was going on, they all sounded exactly the same. I'm not even a native English speaker, I'm Greek, which also isn't tonal. It's a Dylan Thomas reference: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Do_not_go_gentle_into_that_good... Goddamnit, I don't know what's sexist and what isn't any more. What if the message was 0xB1GD1CK (okay, there's no K in hex). Should men be offended? > yet you often see well endowed women used in advertising as nothing more than highly sexualized decoration with a disproportionate focus on their breasts (or other parts) That is because the advertisers want to show something that will immediately capture the attention of their target audience. You don't see women with big breasts on ads for female hygiene products, or, indeed, anything that doesn't target mostly (or even specifically) men. A long, reasoned debate showing how intelligent and wise a woman is won't do much for a 20-second ad. I don't find this any more objectionable than ads using tan, muscular men to appeal to women, which I don't find objectionable at all. It's human nature to be attracted to the opposite sex, and the most available factor is external appearance. > This is merely saying "big boobs" for laughs. It's the kind of stuff young children do (see also: the penis game), so I'm not sure why anyone's rushing to defend this sort of behavior. I completely agree. However, I don't see anyone defending it, people are mostly just saying "this is just childish, not sexist, and isn't that big an issue". I am equally (un)comfortable showing this to a female developer as I am to a male developer. I find it childish and might be a bit embarrassed, not because of the gender of the new hire, but because it's a childish and unprofessional thing to have in code. I am not sure how comfortable the female developer would be, I assume she'd laugh it off, but that's projecting my own feelings onto hers. If I am wrong about this, it will be precisely because I do not know how a woman would feel in this situation, so that's a bit of a moot question to ask me specifically. Can someone tell me what the advantage of emitting LLVM IR is, compared to machine code? I don't think I ever saw that clarified anywhere. I'm the same way, but then I figured that I won't be regretting it for long. HPMOR is amazing. I have an up-to-date ebook version at http://www.leanpub.com/hpmor . I lost so much time to that game. I would probably recommend it. False dichotomy. I'm sure someone in the entire company has five minutes while fixing the problem to explain to us what's going on. Then it didn't reflect the actual value of the company. It was a low offer, and the unpredictable events are just that: unpredictable. The winning lottery ticket still costs $1, because you don't know if it's going to win. This is inaccurate, and just the sort of post you would expect nowadays on HN. It's turning into reddit. That was my thinking as well, this post is light enough that we can all unwind and joke around. Hindsight bias. What if the GP told you he was lying, and that the people who didn't notice were the last ones to get laid off, because they were so absorbed by their work that they didn't have time to notice the cups? Does that make more or less sense than the alternative? I really do hope this (or something like it) takes off. More choice in languages is better, and JS has been the only option for too long. It would be amazing if browsers added interpreters natively, then we could check for a native interpreter and fall back to loading a JS one like brython. Is it because your stairs won't fit in the table? (Sorry, couldn't resist). Or, you know, encryption. Ah, right, so the decisive factor of the GP is not whether the guy is running a legitimate business, it's whether the guy is using the domain to mislead people into thinking he's Nissan cars. So, for example, a personal site with a few family photos of someone called Nissan, or whose nickname is Nissan, or who just liked the word, would not be infringing, so they couldn't take it away, correct? I don't understand how you can compare two strings in constant time by doing a pointer comparison. Can you elaborate? I migrated from MongoDB to SQLite for a project a few years ago, it was much more performant: http://www.stavros.io/posts/using-sqlite-for-great-science-p... I think the data size ended up being a GB or so. Yeah, exactly. My normal scale was missing the big picture of how my weight fluctuates month-to-month. I do need to implement some smoothing, though, as the raw daily value isn't as useful. You know how it goes, "explain everything, predict nothing". Or maybe you don't, because I just made that up, but it fits. Meanwhile, the iPhone has slowly but steadily been losing mindshare to its amazing competition. I disagree with "liberally", as there's a cost associated with commenting (they have to be maintained and people have to spend time to read them), but I'm certainly of the opinion that judiciously commenting is very useful. Nice easter egg in the user who wants to change the password to CoHoBaSt (correct-horse-battery-staple). You're being downvoted, but I agree that a greater amount of tact would have been warranted. Phrases like "I am not making this up", "argh!" and "huh?" add nothing to the review, but only serve to make it more personal, and I say this as a guy who also has very little tact. Well, the fact that someone has made it is proof that anyone can make it. It doesn't mean that everyone will have the same likelihood of making it, though. Knock knock. A UDP packet. Who's there? Everyone? Really? Because half of my friends are unemployed, and every single one has a university degree. And who starts building and then doesn't finish it because they don't want it to be taxed? They aren't, though. Have you seen how removals for anything use the same option, or there's no push or pull, or remotes are much more sane, or creating repos is the same regardless of whether you're cloning or initting? It's much more geared towards actions rather than commands. The thread model TOTP addresses is someone having your password and being able to log in with just that. It's not to protect against people stealing the database, it's not to protect against people having root access to your phone, or anything like that. Which of the solutions you mention works even if an attacker has actual physical access to the two-factor device? I can't tell if this is a joke, therefore I'm coining Stavros' law: Without a clear indicator of an author's intention, it is often impossible to tell the difference between a startup direction and a parody of one. It hit zero multiple times, and they just kept resetting it. I think it just ended with them taking it down. By the way, if you want to share your terminal ephemerally with someone over SSH, I swear by http://tmate.io/ . It was something I desperately needed a solution for, and tmate delivers very very well. Linkbaity title. Google is actually asking developers to add an exception for its third-party ad network, if the developers use Google ads in their apps, since Google can't guarantee all third-party ads will be TLS-enabled. Why do I need to run a whole stack for a mail client? It's a mail client! Why is everything JS web services :( That's not what I got. She does say: > Although it’s hard to credit the study entirely (it may have happened anyway), the study did give us a way into a relationship that feels deliberate. In that light, the "we made the choice to be" is, in part, because they chose to ask the questions. "Version: Python 3.1 (Python 4.2)" Usually the people are also free to leave whenever, which is not so much the case for the animals. Found the manager! It takes a few months for one person to build a house from raw materials? I'd like to meet this superman. I don't really understand this post. The author seems to be doing a lot of handwringing for no reason. Why not just tell the new company "I'm currently employed, so it is unlikely that I would leave my job, but I would be open to it for the right opportunity, if you're still interested"? That way, you both know where you stand, and you have a better negotiating position, since you don't need to take the new job. I don't know what Radare does, but after I read your comment I installed Radare2 (because binja didn't let me save my file). I didn't get anywhere because Radare2 looks like it has a super steep learning curve, whereas with binja I just right-clicked the jump that looked like it'd do what I want and selected "Patch -> Never jump". I'm not sure why you're dismissing usability, but it's a very big feature in a tool, one of the most important ones. Similar story, I was in Barcelona, and if you walk around the beach at night, you see dodgy-looking immigrants that will approach you and quietly ask if you want a cold beer. See, it's illegal for stores to sell alcohol past a certain hour, so these guys provide a valuable service. However, I was with a friend who wanted to smoke some weed instead, so he went and asked one of the guys "do you have any weed?" The guy looked horrified and quickly blurted out "No, no, only beer! You can't get that stuff!" before moving along. It just struck me as funny that they would dodgily sell you illegal beer but that they would be righteously indignant at weed. "That, sir, is where I draw the line of illegality!" A friend of mine is blind and I've heard him echo this sentiment. I tried TalkBack for Android a few months ago just to see how he uses his phone and it was a buggy piece of crap. I get that a lot. The answer is "if the service goes down, I'll send you an email well in advance so you can switch. If you die before that, well, your emails will have already gone out, so you don't have anything to lose." Having just installed SolveSpace, a parametric 3D CAD tool which includes a solver in 1.9 MB, I can't help but feel a bit sad when a minimal Markdown editor is a 34 MB file :( I wonder if there's a better option for crossplatform apps than Electron. Maybe Rust? Or Python+PyQT? I don't think so, have we? Windows applications are very small because all the UI libraries are in the OS itself, where they should be. It's very very not user-unfriendly. I finished the tutorial in 20 minutes and it was very intuitive and exciting! I had a pretty negative experience with TopTal, where the first interview/screening thing involved me solving programming puzzles on some sort of code editor. After spending an hour on a puzzle whose solution turned out to pretty much be "return len(A) - A.count(X)", I gave up in frustration. One of the site's founders emailed me later to tell me that he knew that those questions didn't actually really test programming skills, and that they were trying to improve, but the damage was already done. Exactly. Most of my value is in telling the client "you'll never needs this. Here's something that will do the job you need right now for a fraction of the cost, and won't prevent you from scaling later on", and not the fact that I can write optimized code to find the midpoint of an array so that the two halves contain an equal number of items divisible by 3 in half an hour. Alright, I tried it for you guys: I ate one miracle berry tablet (I think the recommended dose is half a tablet, but screw it). The tablets were pretty old, so after consuming it I tested with yoghurt to see if the results held up. Indeed, the yoghurt tasted like cream and was not sour at all, so the tablet was good. Afterwards, I tasted Sriracha sauce, Tapatio and Valentina Extra Hot. All sauces retained their usual taste, except there was no burning sensation in the tongue and mouth at all. However, the sauces retained their burning sensation in the throat, completely intact, as far as I can tell. I'm afraid that I didn't have a control spoonful of sauce before the tablet, because I didn't think of it, but I can have some once the tablet wears out. I seem to recall, though, that a spoonful of Sriracha does normally burn my tongue. Yeah, I'm not sure about that. Like your sibling comment, I also injured my back while deadlifting (with proper form and everything) years ago and it's been very tender and ever since. I also get back cramps in that spot around once a year, making me unable to move for about a day. I very badly need a TLS library in my embedded firmware so I can accept new firmware updates over HTTP. The GP's points are all a bit weak, especially if this method uses a good KDF like bcrypt to generate the keys. I used SuperGenPass for a while, before switching to KeePass, and the major drawbacks I found were: 1) No way to change a password. None at all. If a site required you to make up a new password, you're out of luck (or you have to come up with a new master password every time and remember which master password to use for which site). 2) If a website is incompatible with the generated password, you're out of luck. My bank (because of course it would be the bank, cat sharing websites are more secure) would throw a fit because I had a number in my password and refuse to set it. 3) If someone has a keylogger or otherwise steals your master password, you're done for everywhere. This is not so with password databases, because the attacker also needs the file. 4) It's just not really that much more convenient than KeePass + KeePassAndroid. Hell, the latter is more convenient because I don't have to keep retyping my password, I can store it in memory protected by my fingerprint, which is something that no SuperGenPass-compatible app I've found does. In summary: Go with KeePass, it's better. My data point was that I got an Intel SSD back in 2010 (one of the first affordable ones, $500 for 160 GB) and it started showing bad sectors in 2013. I immediately copied all my data off, and sent it to intel, who sent me a replacement for free. The replacement has been working fine ever since. It sounds to me like most of the other people were disagreeing with him. I'd like to second Hugo. Static sites with Netlify are a joy, since they can handle however much traffic you want, there are no scaling headaches or updates or stuff for bots to randomly hack. I'm currently trying to decide between Lektor and Hugo, Lektor's data model seems more powerful, Hugo seems harder to learn (worse-quality docs) but Lektor doesn't seem very actively maintained, and Hugo has a larger community around it. Clickable magnet links are fine, since the query doesn't actually go to the server. Why can't we get Rust for the ESP8266? :( I really dislike C, I'd love a higher-level language. As great as MicroPython is, the interpreter needs too much RAM, and I think Rust would be a great alternative. You don't "remove" a canary, you just stop updating it. The intent being that they can't force you to keep updating it. I've been using (well, "using". Borg sends data to their server, checks have never failed, I've never had to look at it) them for years and like them, so my experience is similar to yours. The problem I have with storage providers being expensive is a sense of unfairness. Disk prices get cheaper all the time, so a provider that doesn't periodically cut its prices feels to me like it's been getting progressively more and more expensive. Now that I saw that Backblaze is ten times cheaper than my rsync.net plan, I'm sad :( I should just bite the price bullet and move to them. I've moved everything else off Google (even search), it's about time I move my email too. Isn't that basically saying "fuck liking the thing you do, instead practice doing it even though you don't like it, and if you have to train one of the two, train the latter"? If I had to choose between liking the thing I do and not liking it but doing it anyway, I'd choose the former. I don't find "how can I be more motivated?" a bad aspiration at all. I've been there, it's great (and in a very nice building). SPOILERS AHEAD I don't like how the movie makes her daughter to be dying of a disease. In the book, she dies in a climbing accident, which the protagonist knows full well will happen but does nothing to prevent it, thus demonstrating how committed she was to an immutable, deterministic future. I liked the story better. I think it helped that the actress reading the story in the audiobook was excellent. I read it differently from you. What I read is that there are two "modes", one with free will but with no knowledge of the future, and one with knowledge of the future but that effectively "forces" you to play your part in what you know the future to be. I feel that this explanation agrees with the two "interpretations" of refraction mentioned in the book. However, then the question arises: How do you reconcile the fact that some beings can see the future when there are other beings in the world that have free will (and thus are able to change the future that the former see)? I consider the explanation in the book sufficient, though. I don't expect my fiction to be perfectly consistent with everything, and this particular story passes my personal, subjective bar. Speak for yourself, I'm an abysmal dev by that metric. I think so too. It's not freedom of speech if it's "you're free to say what you like as long as it doesn't bother me". It's also concerning that this service is the arbiter of what's moral and what's not in their domains. You're right, but I prefer my conditions as open as possible... I agree with the GP. I find myself surprised at something someone didn't know, only to realize upon further reflection that I wasn't actually surprised, I was just asserting superiority, which was unconscious and crappy. It changed after I saw the XKCD "Ten thousand" comic, which changed my worldview for the better. I don't think I was, I was doing Starting Strength, so if it was too heavy, it would have been by 1 kilo or so. I doubt it, though, because I had plateaued at the time, so I just lifted around the same weight every time. I wasn't overly exerted, I had done the lift many times with a straight back, etc, something just "popped" during one of the lifts, and my back hurt like hell for weeks, and nowadays that injury comes back once a year or so and renders me unable to move for a few days. That's a very interesting notion, I didn't know you could use a GA pixel. That's a much better alternative to the full-blown JS tracker, thank you. Why? Just don't log in with it if you don't like it, why does it specifically have to be removed? I understand your point, but there is a good middle ground for people. As a software developer, I was amazed the first time I connected a LED to the RPi's GPIOs and made it blink with software. From that, I moved to an Arduino, with its Lego style shields, and to an ESP8266 and my own PCBs. I don't think the Arduino is just for people who don't want to learn anything about embedded. Those people exist, but it's good that they can do stuff with hardware without learning. The people who do want to learn, will learn faster with the Arduino ecosystem than without it. That said, the Dev environment sucks, PlatformIO all the way. Reading the article, I was a bit disappointed that people were trying to pull the book, but reading your comment I remembered how much I had to argue for Python 3 with a friend who was just starting to learn programming and was reading LPTHW because I had suggested it after hearing it is a good book. The book apparently said that Python 3 sucks, that people shouldn't learn it, and that "if someone tells you to use Python 3, tell them you'll use it when all their code is in Python 3", which is just absurd. It was very harmful, because Python 3 is definitely where the community is, and 2's days are numbered. That part may have been true back when it was written, but it's definitely not true today, and all it does is fan the flames of discord. Take this: https://alisdair.mcdiarmid.org/kill-sticky-headers/ It doesn't matter so much what time the air is actually the hottest, but what time the sun will burn you. I'd take 37 C air in the shade over 35 C in the midday sun any time. Nix and Guix sound interesting. I run Ubuntu currently, what's the easiest way to get start with one or the other? I hear Guix is more user-friendly, is that so? Do I need to install a whole other OS, or can I install Guix in Ubuntu? This is a very good article that goes into detail on what you mention: http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/09/30/i-can-tolerate-anything... Oh man, that describes all of them. http://ipfessay.stavros.io/ - Publish uncensorable essays on IPFS https://www.eternum.io/ - Pin IPFS files with a nice interface https://www.pastery.net/ - The best pastebin https://spa.mnesty.com/ - Fuck with spammers https://www.timetaco.com/ - Easily make nice-looking countdowns And this is just the last two months or so? Also, lots of hardware stuff: https://www.stavros.io/projects/ Why are you comparing a weapon that has to hit a whole person and misses to a weapon that has to hit a 5mm retina and somehow never misses? The Lexar high endurance. If you want to find SD card reliability info, check websites and videos that do reviews for dashcam SD cards. Their primary focus is on reliability because they need the cards to be able to be written on constantly without failing for a long time. I've been trying to get Caddy more widely deployed at work, and this move is going to alienate commercial customers (at least us) even more than Caddy already does. Not only do they not have repositories, essentially doubling the effort to keep machines up to date (we have to have one process to upgrade everything else , and one process to upgrade just Caddy ), but now we can't even download precompiled binaries to deploy on the servers without paying. I could have put up with Caddy not being as mature as nginx for some low-volume deployments, and barely put up with the lack of debs, but having to compile my own binaries across the company isn't worth the integrated TLS certs. Ad headers isn't an extended feature, it's a nag screen. > it's not "apt install" but it's pretty close It's not close, though, it's very far. With apt, I know things are going to go in their proper place, and are going to get cleaned up afterwards (not to mention the biggest benefit, automatic updates). With a shell script, I don't know what sort of stuff it puts where on my filesystem, and I can't automate the installation easily. My preferred order of installation procedures is: "apt", "manual", and "random shell script" is a distant last, to the point where I sometimes won't try software if the installation procedure isn't sane. > if you build from source, you're good to go. That's a pretty big if. The one time I had to compile the server from source (to help you test a bugfix), I had the Go toolchain installed (which not everyone does) and I still couldn't figure out how to compile with some of the plugins I wanted. I gave up after 30 minutes of not getting anywhere, IIRC. I think this move has lost you a lot of goodwill from people. No, it counts as a bugfix. > Catalans also have a different language, a strong sense of being a nation (their "local consitution" says so!), etc.. And none of those things is being repressed, I have to add. As a Catalan friend pointed out, they speak and teach Catalan in schools, have complete freedom to vote on issues of their region, etc. I have to agree with the GP that it's mostly the economy doing a bit better than the other regions, which leads Catalonia to a "why should we have to support these others" mentality. I don't really understand why people throw the baby out with the bathwater like that. What's the problem of using an ORM for 99% of your queries and doing the other 1% in raw SQL? Many ORMs (like Django's) even help you by mapping the results back into models automatically[1]. [1] https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.11/topics/db/sql/#mappin... I wonder if it's easy to get Nim to run on the ESP8266, huh. Well that's the thing, it seems that only a few types are actually used because of technical advantages. Phillips heads should have been super niche, and we should have just standardized on a happy medium of "not too expensive to make, not too bad". Instead, we have all these thousands of types, most of which are minor improvements on previous types. Relevant XKCD of "now there are eleven standards". Is there an overview that's less "an hour long" and more "three sentences"? Well, that's probably why he wasn't hired. You mean besides lying to them and making them do things for some reward and then not giving the reward and laughing about it? I read the article and then listened to the whistles. Surprisingly (since the article said otherwise), they were rather intelligible. They don't use one whistle per letter, which would have been weird, because you don't just say letters when talking (like "aitch ee ell ell oh", you just say "hello"). Similarly, this just seems to be taking the cadence of speech and whistling it. I listened to the proverb whistle, and it "clearly" says "η ζωή είναι πολύ ωραία όταν μπορείς να είσαι αυτάρκης", which I definitely wouldn't have gotten if I didn't know what they wanted to say, but which is different enough from the English translation to show that I could actually derive information from it. Overall, I don't think you can actually hold a conversation in it, it's basically like taking speech and encoding it in low-bitrate audio. Lots of nuance gets lost and you're left with the low-entropy signals, which are hard to disambiguate unless you know what they're saying. Bees sting, they don't bite. Funny, I had the exact opposite question. I see these kinds of articles come along from time to time, and it always makes me wonder: Why this pressing need to maximize productivity? Why not just do things you enjoy, at a pace that you enjoy? Is it for more money/prestige? What's the use if you've been stressing and pressuring yourself for it all your life? I feel like the odd person out because I work on something while I enjoy it, stop working on it when I don't, and pick it up again when I want to. Work is obviously a bit different, but I don't need to pressure myself to improve, I don't need a raise. I work as much as necessary and do other things the rest of the time. Some people are naturally more productive than me, and that's fine, I'm exactly as productive as I'm happy being. Who are these people who, before today, thought that Zuckerberg actually did care about users? Didn't they know about the "dumb fucks" thing? And our president shall be Donald Trump! What would you recommend to someone who wants to write Python desktop applications today? I've used wxWindows way back when, and I'd hate to use Electron. Would you go with Qt for Python, or PyQT? Also, what's PySide/PySide2? > Ken is upset and amazed that disrupting the workflows and toolchains of entrenched Python developers is causing a backlash I'm not a huge fan, but how is he disrupting the workflows and toolchains? He wrote a tool, if you want to use it, that's cool, if not, that's cool too. It's not like he came to your house and forced you to use Pipenv instead of what you were already using. If you want something to be mad at, it's the larger issue: We just started moving to Pipfile for dependencies and now we're switching again to some new project.toml file? The tool we use over this file is pretty much irrelevant, since all that matters is this file, and you can use any one of a myriad of tools to manage it and install your dependencies with. If you don't like Pipenv, use something else that can install stuff from a Pipfile, but why are we making yet another standard to replace all previous ones (xkcd here)? Weird how "we live in a society" until something happens one doesn't like, like trying to ban guns. I've been wanting to make a todo list that is sensitive to this. It's called Promises, and, when you add a todo item, you make a "promise" to resolve it. Every day the promise is active, it gets a bit more grey, and after a month it eventually fades away and gets added to a section of the app called "the hell of broken promises", where it can never be removed from again. If you do resolve it, it gets fulfilled and goes away with a nice animation. Hopefully, this will force you to consider what you actually intend to finish versus what you're just adding for the feel-good factor of "oh yeah, I'm definitely going to do this at SOME point, years later". I don't know whether that's good or not, but it'll be a fun project, and I think we'd all be better off if we could say "you know, if I haven't read that news article in the two months since I've added it, it's probably not important enough to keep around". I like the GP's point that you should also show how hard it is to crash the plane. Otherwise, people won't really have an idea of the margin of "weird noise" they have before getting to an actually threatening situation. I was going to post this tomorrow, but I figure people here might find it useful now. I wrote an article on how to configure Wireguard for common scenarios: https://www.stavros.io/posts/how-to-configure-wireguard/ > It seems difficult to justify that "breaking my arm is more good than breaking my neck". I disagree, I think it is very easy to justify that breaking my arm is "more good", in that it is preferable. If one is -100 and the other is -50, then it is "more good" (i.e. the difference is positive). By "more good" I don't mean that it is good, mind you, just that it is better/preferable. > Haidt suggests modern liberals heavily elevate the "care" and "fairness" principles over the others I think this is our difference. I wouldn't want my country torturing anyone, enemy or not. Your second argument conflates legality with morality, so I don't really consider it especially valid. Unless you mean that the government has made a promise to the citizens to not torture them, and it would be additionally breaking that promise. Still, though, I consider the "torturing people" part much, much worse than the "you broke the promise" part, so much so that the latter seems like a rounding error to me, to use a somewhat utilitarian phrase. There's also a pillow that gives you the correct head position[1] for sleeping on your side. Why change your position when you can just get rid of the headaches? [1]: https://www.amazon.com/LoveHome-Softness-Orthopedic-Cervical... That's not how you do signing at all. You just use your private key to sign something, publish the public key for verification, and, when you want to reveal yourself, you just sign "I am X" with that key. I found Kubernetes to be easier to learn than the docs would suggest, and I wrote up a short article as a high-level overview. I hope it helps someone, and that it saves you a lot of time: https://www.stavros.io/posts/kubernetes-101/ You may want to spend two minutes reading this before going into the post's website, as an overview. You don't have to actually pin things. Merely visiting will cache and rehost the files, and they will only be GCed at some later time. All pinning does is disable the GC for those files, which, as of a few months ago, weren't getting GCed at all anyway, so visiting something was equivalent to pinning it. The end result is the same as hosting on S3 + CloudFront, it just saves you a lot of trouble setting things up, makes things just work, gives you nice features like lambdas, A/B testing, forms, authentication, etc etc for free, and just makes your life super easy. Basically, if you have a repository with your Jekyll (or whatever) site, just add it to Netlify and that's it. It's served, and will automatically update when you push. Whataboutism is when an argument is presented with a counterargument of hypocrisy, ie literally what the person replying to me was doing. The argument was "the US leaders are protecting themselves by extraditing Assange, who uncovered their crimes", and the reply was "but Assange is a Russian asset, so he's not so great either". Asset or not, the crimes were still committed, and the people who committed them are still guilty. > Your response was the whataboutism that Assange shouldn't be extradited because the US committed war crimes. Where did I say that? He was responding to them, saying that they, in turn, were responding to textbook whataboutism, ie my comment. The gp was being sarcastic. I feel compelled to write up a summary of the comments here and responses to each one: > This is useless. Who cares? It's super cool! > This is not well-suited for use case X. Did you read the page? It's so great that someone thought of this and did it. > This has been done before. SUPER. COOL. > It's hard to read. I don't know what you aren't getting about this. > What if it implemented improvement X? I don't know, I didn't write it. Maybe the author would appreciate the suggestion! This is an odd coincidence, I just received an email today from one of my users (I run a Pinboard "competitor", https://historio.us ) that mentioned the same problems, namely emails having gone without response and an inability to get their data out. I'm afraid I can't answer your first question, but I can answer your second one. historious has been around since 2009 and, while I don't give it amazing amounts of love, it works well enough that I use it myself. I am currently trying to modernize it a bit, but I don't have an ETA or roadmap on that. However, I think it's worth giving it a shot. They don't mean bzr the VCS, they mean Cathedral/Bazaar. Exactly, most of these claims read like fanciful fabrications of people wanting to tell a good story. Eating his body weight in a day? That's pretty outlandish and easily debunked. I've been wanting to learn Rust for a long time, but I'm hit by the curse of Python being the second best at everything. Every time I try to write something in Rust, I think "okay, I can either spend a week learning Rust and writing this, by which point I might lose motivation, or I can have it done in Python in an hour". Unfortunately, Python always wins, and it's also never not an option, since it runs on everything I care to develop on :( I am no longer afraid of entering contests that ask for my email address, as the GDPR means that they can't spam me with their crap afterwards. To me, the GDPR has been extremely positive so far, and I don't consider having to think about the privacy of the users of my apps a bad thing (I was doing it anyway). Article 13, on the other hand, can go fuck itself. > Why do you think you can trust the people that handle the data just because it's illegal to do something in Europe? Why do you think you can trust people not to do illegal things just because they're illegal? > GDPR is feel-good legislation first and foremost I guess that's true, I do feel pretty good about it. I had started a site with the same goal, but let the domain name lapse: https://lighten-the-web.netlify.com/ It's open source, so feel free to make some PRs if you need a place to add resources or something to go with the subreddit. You're going to be searching for a long time to find a piece of legislation that only has good parts in it. The GDPR is overwhelmingly positive, and a massive step towards ensuring privacy online. In my opinion, it has been pretty overwhelmingly a net positive, whereas article 13 is a clusterfuck that made me come up with a Cloudflare rule to block EU visitors from accessing sites (and yes, that includes myself): https://twitter.com/Stavros/status/1100799044862033922 If anyone from Cloudflare is reading this, can we get a "redirect" firewall rule so I can point the visitors to something like "you can't access that site because the politicians you voted for are morons"? Yes, all regulation makes companies less competitive than unregulated companies. That's why you regulate everyone. Whats the harm of the GDPR? The GDPR is pretty sane and not very hard to comply with, unless you're being scummy. I'd rather not have scummy companies, even if that means we won't be competitive. Cloudflare Workers sound cool, but their pricing is, to me, all wrong. I'd like to try them out on some of my low-volume side-projects to see if I'll find them useful and like them, but $5 per month per site is more than I pay for the entire server for all the sites combined . I don't like being that guy who asks for free stuff, but a free tier would at least mean that I get to spend an hour or two trying the feature out. Not that $5 is a prohibitive cost, but Workers haven't sounded good enough to take my credit card out for. Borg is hands-down the best backup utility I've used. I also use Borgmatic for some added niceties around checks/notifications/etc. I don't see what the fuss is about. This is an effective mitigation, given that software can't just arbitrarily lie about its user agent. We don't need user agents for that. There's an easy way to tell whether a visitor wants a cleaner view of a page, without Javascript: Yes. I was in the same boat, hopefully this will help: https://www.stavros.io/posts/how-to-configure-wireguard/ It's actually very easy to set up, I don't know why the official docs make it seem super hard. I have found very little correlation between the things Trump says and the things he does, or even the things he says later. Hmm, that's good feedback, thank you. I don't write descriptions a lot because I consider my photos' value to be the aesthetic and not so much the story behind them. I'll try to write something more descriptive from now on, thank you, I wouldn't have thought of that before you mentioned it. I started to ask if the GDPR applies here, I realized you're in the UK so it wouldn't apply, but have the question anyway: Does the GDPR prevent this? > I'm sorry if that offends you, but pick up a history book and read and you will see that I am correct. It doesn't offend me, it's just trivially wrong, as I know of many privacy-enhancing laws that got passed without a drop of blood being spilled (e.g. the GDPR). I used a friend's phone to look at some website and was horrified that the website had added ads everywhere since the last time I visited! Then I noticed he was using Chrome, which doesn't have adblock, and apparently the web is just terrible. Thank God for Firefox Mobile. I was half-amused, half-horrified at the remote possibility that vaccines might alter the gut microbiota and actually cause autism. I couldn't bear hearing "I told you so" from my antivaxxer friend. They're going to limit you if you spin up a bunch of cheap instances to use up their bandwidth, but if you pay $300/mo for their 3 Gbps connection you can saturate that and they don't care. I guess they'll care about as much as a restaurant cares if you've eaten the meal you paid for. I have a friend who worked as a consultant for a few years. I asked him what he did exactly, he said "well a company asked me to help them solve X, so I would go to the company's developers, ask them how they'd solve X, then I would tell the management that and get paid handsomely for it, and everyone's happy. Management got a solution, the devs got listened to, I got paid well, win-win." Wait, so you pay overtime, except you pay 40% less? I must be misunderstanding. Also please tell me you aren't proud of paying for overtime and I'm misunderstanding that too. That should be the minimum expectation. Setting aside the persecutions, torture and possible genocide, which are undoubtedly heinous, something perplexes me: Why do we consider it ethical for a state to execute prisoners, but consider harvesting their (now useless) organs to save more lives is ethically abhorrent? I am much more outraged by the fact that they're killing people for political reasons, the fact that they're harvesting their organs afterwards seems comparatively tame to me. I realize that harvesting organs from not-quite-dead prisoners, or killing prisoners just to harvest the organs is extremely unethical, but if someone was executed for a different reason, is it so bad to use their organs? They didn't consent to getting killed either, why are we drawing the line at organ harvesting? I'm not temporal, but haven't had many bad experiences that I chased up. I didn't request some data from Revolut that they didn't provide, but I didn't email their compliance officer to request it. I think they would have provided it if I had. Still, even just the fact that companies are now thinking about this and providing ways to download/delete your data makes me love the GDPR. When I got implants they told me to take minoxidil and finasteride. I didn't take the finasteride, and the implants are fine. They eventually told me I could stop the minoxidil, which made me wonder what the point was. That looks odd, the scar doesn't go that far. Plus, you can have implants without a scar now. I got implants and, when I see people who haven't seen me in a while, they always ask if I grew taller or if I lost weight or why I look more handsome. Very few people could tell it was the hair, many could tell I just looked better. It's definitely the hair. One of the reasons I didn't want to do it was that I didn't really mind being bald before, so I didn't really get any self-confidence improvement from it. I just look better in photos. If my stack takes more than three gigabytes to run, I consider it broken and file a bug to trim down the dependencies. Huh, I've had the opposite experience with Syncthing. It's basically just worked, it's been bulletproof. I'm not sure why the disparity. Nah, thank God for the GDPR. To be fair, I was expecting to be contacted for this unlimited service way way waaay before hundreds of TB per month. It's interesting how few unvaccinated people are required for the virus to come back. Here in Greece, I only know one person who doesn't vaccinate their child, but apparently such low densities are enough for viruses to propagate. Personally, I don't mind fish, they smell and taste like nothing to me. I hate crustaceans/etc because they look disgusting, basically cockroaches of the sea. I can't understand how people look at them and still eat them (obligatory XKCD here https://www.xkcd.com/1268/ ). God forbid there's a piece of infrastructure that can't show ads. Thank you for adding the feature of not adding WYSIWYG. I can't believe how frustrating Slack's new editor is. I am sorry you feel this way. Maybe try having different emotions? Yeah, that's my worry as well. Hopefully the fact that people have to pay will curb that a bit, but yeah, I'm worried about it. Yeah, I hope I won't have to get rid of the free trial or cryptocurrency payment, but I might... What, like Sylvester Stallone? Why would he do such a thing? Thanks for the feedback! Yes, you have a choice. You can use Imgur, fighting off their user-hostile UI, pay for IMGZ or pay and set up a VPS yourself. For me, the best option was #2, but it didn't exist, so I made it. And yeah, the UI is trash. Buy the big plan so I can afford a designer! Did he win? No. QED. It's smooth and quick because I bought a $10 theme and removed all the Javascript, it just looks like crap because I suck at design. I'm glad it worked well for you, though, since the reality is I'll probably never afford a designer from the $30/mo this is going to bring in. Oof, man, tough crowd. There are 3 instances of "shit", 2 of "bullshit", 1 "cheapass" and 1 "fuck" in the public pages. This would qualify as PG if it were a movie. I mean, you like what you like, but how much cussing is "just enough" for you? That's like a free child pornography host pass, I'd rather not. This is for you: https://imgz.org/money-safe/ Why "be free"? Why not "pay you"? I mean, where do you draw the line? Thank you! Still waiting for takers, though, so it must not be very effective. Yeah, sounds like you need the "contact us" tier. I think your current solution is better for your needs. Just click "buy now" ty. In that case, please make a free host, I will be your most ardent supporter. Yes, I share your feelings. That's what I was going for, it's definitely not a "ha ha" sentence. I don't think it's offensive, I think it's a reminder of how this exists and if you're the victim, you have to stop blaming yourself and seek help. > clearly stating [...] I don't think #1 and #2 are of interest to users, all the users care about is when they type "imgz.org/myimage.png" the image loads. #3 should be rather clear from the fact that you have to pay, hopefully. > This humor reminds me of a 20yo me in college, a time when my sense of narcissism was way outperforming my sense of good taste. Thank you, that's exactly what I was going for! Yes! Cash-in-alley only! Yeah, I'm aware of that, but I'm not terribly serious about this being a viable business and I want that to come across. I made this because I wanted something like it, and I'm opening it up to people to use with me, with the understanding that it's not meant to be a Real Business(TM). If it super blows up and has the potential to put food on the table, I might reconsider, but I don't think it's ever going to be more than a small group of happy users. :( I like your style, booking.com growth hacker. > I'm waiting for the entrepreneur who will say he doesn't care how much money he makes or how many customers he has, only that it's worthwhile and needed doing. This is literally all of open source software. The problem here is that you're waiting for an entrepreneur to say this, which is the wrong kind of person to expect this from. I would donate my IP/bandwidth to archive.org if I could run a scraper easily. What irks me is that the every time someone finds an evolutionary reason for something, it is just as easy to find an evolutionary reason to explain the opposite of it, which makes the explanation useless. For example, "men evolved to be promiscuous because having many children gave the biggest chance at surviving offspring" makes sense until you realize "men evolved to be faithful because nurturing their children gave them the biggest chance at surviving offspring" makes just as much sense. When your theory can explain everything, it can explain nothing. This is exactly what www.codeshelter.co aims to do, please support us by joining. > Notably, it’s not like less religious places have devised secular replacements for religious charity Other places in the US, you mean. They have done this elsewhere, they call it socialism. It's very easy to see whether this is true, just look at non-socialist countries and whether their social safety net is as strong as socialist ones. I think you'll notice that, on average, it's nowhere near. You may want to read a bit about what the GDPR mandates. I have hereby been whooshed, though in my defense I have a guest-only, throttled and isolated wifi network so the potential for misuse didn't occur to me. Whenever I read any post about home automation, it might as well be talking about a completely different world from mine. I've automated a lot of my house using pretty much just FOSS solutions. The Sonoff series of switches/devices is fantastic and ESP8266-based, so you can flash it with any firmware you want[1]. I wrote a small ad-hoc server to orchestrate things like "when there's motion in that room and it's dark, turn on that lamp", but you can just use Home Assistant. I have a WiFi network that has no internet access where all these go, with access to a local server running an autoupdater[2] so I can just put the new firmware in a specific directory and all my devices autoupdate. All of my devices are FOSS so I know they aren't talking to a mothership, and even if they tried to, they can't get on the internet. I do have an Alexa, which I should get rid of, since it's pretty much barely only useful for playing music. This way is much more secure, companies can't spy on your house, and you're supporting user freedom. [1]: https://github.com/xoseperez/espurna [2]: https://gitlab.com/stavros/espota-server Correction, resident keys are used for usernameless authentication (you don't need resident keys for passwordless). I recently (last week) wrote a Django library for WebAuthn ( https://pypi.org/project/django-webauthin/ ) and use it on a few of my sites ( https://www.pastery.net , https://www.eternum.io and https://www.deadmansswitch.net , if you want to try it out). You use some method of authentication, of course. How do you keep someone who has your unlocked password manager from using it? You just make sure nobody is ever in that situation. The big win is that, with WebAuthn, you don't need to also hide your authentication from site operators, your OS, key loggers, phishers, etc etc. Yes, if a service says "we only support Yubikeys for login", you should boycott them. Yes, there was some discussion a while ago here, CloudFlare says archive.is won't reply with the correct DNS to them and the author of archive.is says CloudFlare isn't passing the correct information to his server, and he refuses to change it. I don't remember details, I'm afraid, but it is an unfortunate situation. Thank you! > please take my email address and feed me notifications about when new games get added Hmm, that might be a bit spammy, do you have an RSS reader? Maybe I could add a feed. > Infinite scrolling would be very nice to have I had something similar before but people complained that they lost their place when clicking on apps to go to the store. Maybe that's fine now that they open in a new tab, I'll rethink that. > The ability to sort the columns by clicking the headers (eg, reviews) might be useful Yep, that's something I removed when I added the filtering system and that I need to add back, thanks. > something interesting is going on with the rating filtering. If I type in "4.8" and select Free under Android, I see 3 items Hmm, that's odd. I will investigate, thanks! I want devs to be able to make a living too, that's why I have ad-supported games on the list, as long as you can disable every single ad with a payment. What I hate is devs seeing me as a wallet to wring as much money out of as possible by preying on my addiction/impulses. The App Store does list the possible IAPs on the page, so if I see "Full game unlock: $3.99" I'm fine with it. Others may look at "offers IAP" and be turned off I recently saw a talk by Atwood about good discourse and how you should remind people of your values before they write their comment, which I think applies here. I'm going to make a single-page website reminding people that FOSS maintainers are volunteers performing a service to everyone else, and that we should keep that in mind. If nothing else, it'll be an easy think to link people to in my issues sometimes. EDIT: It's going to go up on https://www.osscoc.com/ When reading articles like these I am mostly surprised, because my experience with FOSS has been largely different. I maintain a few semi-popular libraries like shortuuid and catt, but users have always been helpful and courteous, the pull requests have always had the best interests of the library in mind and the users were open to feedback, and the worst I've gotten was users politely asking for support with their particular setup, to which I politely reply that I unfortunately don't have enough time to debug things outside the scope of the code and that's that. Has anyone else had this experience? Maybe the trouble comes with libraries as popular as ripgrep, or maybe it comes more often to a specific type of person. I'm generally not very patient, so I'd expect to have much more trouble than other maintainers, but I'm also just not negatively affected by bugs and PRs at all. People filing them have taken their time to do it, which means my code is important enough to them to spend time improving it, and bugs happen, so I take bug reports as compliments rather than as personal failures. Hopefully someone else has the same experience as me, and maybe we can figure out how to generalize that experience for others. It is a wildcard cert, it just expired because for some reason acme.sh stopped liking the CloudFlare API. I'm trying to fix it as we speak, but the rate-limiting isn't helping. EDIT: It's back up, now I have to figure out why acme can't automatically renew... Very odd. As a very satisfied CloudFlare customer (read "leech", since I'm using the free tier), I have seen your dashboard serve 300 GB of data for me some days, which never reached my server because of caching. It would be nice to be able to see a list of the ten most bandwidth-using URLs for a period, so I can maybe save you some bandwidth in case it's an attack or something similar. Currently, since I use caching, I never see what consumed the bandwidth, so I don't know what file people are downloading so much. (P.S. Hey David, long time! I hope everything is going well) Similarly with Hetzner, they give you 3 TB with their 2.5 € VMs and let you use it. Unfortunately I've noticed that their "unmetered pipe" offering is quite a downgrade, as it's only 10 Mbit. EDIT: Sorry, I'm wrong. All dedicated servers have 1 Gbit unlimited uplinks. I'm not sure why I keep getting confused on this point, their support has confirmed this fact many times to me. Does NVMe make a difference over SATA2? Isn't the latter plenty fast anyway? I've been holding off on upgrading because it doesn't seem like I'd see a benefit. The W3C Web Payments standard is more or less what you describe. Are you outside the EU? It probably decided they don't need your consent, as I did get a consent page. It was convoluted, impossible to decline (I'm still looking around) and illegal under the GDPR, but I did get it. EDIT: Yeah, it doesn't seem possible to withdraw consent. I stopped after ten clicks that only led to "informational" pages where sentences stopped mid-way. You'd think that this would make it evident, but every person I've said this to said "no, you still have a 50-50 chance". I just give up after that. The Facebook container is great, but I wish there was an option for the built-in Multi-Account containers to work this way. I've been doing what the Facebook Container extension does, but with built-in containers, and the experience is very clunky. The two biggest issues are that I can't give the container a list of domains beforehand and say "everything under google.com should open here". I have to go to each Google subdomain and set it to "always open in this container" with three or four clicks. The other major issue is that there's no way to have links outside those domains open outside the container, so whenever I click a link on Gmail that goes to Github, Github opens in the Google container and I always have to copy/paste the address to a new tab. Fixing those two annoyances would make the built-in containers feature amazing. Maybe I should file a feature request. EDIT: I have filed a feature request: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1621276 If you're looking for a self-hosted/decentralized Instagram alternative, there's also pixelfed.org, a very active project which supports ActivityPub. This means that people can follow your "Instagram" (really Pixelfed) stream from their "Twitter" (really Mastodon) account. > Trump was trying to secure the scientists’ work exclusively, and would do anything to get a vaccine for the United States, “but only for the United States.” At this point, I wouldn't be surprised if Trump's goal was to get everyone to dislike the US, out of some misguided sense that "if you're good, everyone hates you, therefore if you make everyone hate you that means you're good". Is he seriously trying to profiteer off the pandemic? I love Rclone, I use it to sync my static website to Neocities (which I also love) after building it on Gitlab CI: https://gitlab.com/stavros/neocities-gitlab-ci-demo Why is this downvoted? It's pretty extensive and well thought-out, which should be upvoted. If you disagree, post a rebuttal. You just misconstrued my saying "personal" and clearly meaning "personal criticism" as meaning personal things in general and then criticized me on that straw man. I don't hold that opinion at all. You also went to "Orwellian discourse", which has a specific meaning, from a text by Orwell I mentioned. It seems to me like you got personally offended, interpreted my comment in the most uncharitable way, and chose to lash out at me instead, and I'm not sure why. I wasn't even talking about anyone specifically. I'd like to pile on here and say that, for all its issues, KiCAD is an extremely valuable and important tool in the EDA space. Hobbyist PCB making at this scale simply would not be possible without it. That said, I am very happy to see new entrants, like Horizon. I watched a presentation by the author in the 2018 FOSDEM and it looked like a great idea even back then, I'm going to try it for my next project to see how it has progressed. Wayne Stambaugh, the KiCAD project lead, was in that presentation, and they're very much aware of the problems KiCAD has. They're working in that direction, as KiCAD 5 no longer requires you to export/import the netlist, I believe (I'm not sure because I reflexively always do it anyway). One of the first questions they had towards the Horizon developer was "why make a new tool instead of contributing to KiCAD?", and the answer, IIRC, was "It was easier to make my own", which sounds reasonable given the amount of innovation that went into Horizon and the constraints a project as widespread as KiCAD would have, regarding backwards compatibility etc. I would like an extension that replaces the page with "It's not worth it" so I know not to even try to opt out and just leave. I have been trying to use Yubikey for SSH over the years, and everything has been a huge hassle that just didn't work well enough. Everything, that is, until SSH 8.2 came out. Using a Yubikey (or any other U2F-compatible key, which is a lot of them) is a breeze: Run `ssh-keygen -t ecdsa-sk -f ~/.ssh/id_ecdsa_sk` to generate a key from your Yubikey and you're done. You can even use Resident Keys mode (if your key supports it) to avoid having to carry the private-key-half around with you, you can load it straight from the Yubikey with `ssh-add -k`. This is the only way that lets you walk up to a machine, plug your key in and SSH to your server securely with just two commands. The downside is that both sides have to be running SSH 8.2+. > (This comment doesn't reflect well on me. Fortunately, this is a pseudonymous account.) If anyone thinks less of you because you simply know five swearwords, it's pretty much their problem. Agreed, but it's a bit too short notice to change that in time for COVID treatments/cures/vaccines. I love this initiative in principle, but the instructions left a rather sour taste in my mouth. Create a Firebase app, download and install Node and run some arcane cli commands? For what? To upload a 10-byte HTML file somewhere? Please, do yourself and us a favour and sign up for a free account on https://neocities.org , and make a quirky website by hand for all of us to enjoy. I half want to write a post like this but with dead-simple instructions, like "Open Notepad, write Hello! " inside and upload it to Neocities. Congratulations, you now have a website!" A good addition would be a nice CSS stylesheet ( https://newcss.net/ looks good, linked by sdan in his comment here) to get the site looking nice and mobile-friendly. That's pretty much all you need to make a simple website. I have an idea for a todo list app that will basically fade your todo items away and delete them after a month if you don't do them. It's half app, half art project about the lies we tell ourselves that we'll complete our todos "some other time" just so we don't feel like slackers. No, I had a sour experience in 2009 where it ate my data, the devs were rather cavalier with "there's a warning on the download page" (I got it through apt), it ate my data again when the OOM killer killed its process. I didn't like the project attitude of a database being so lax with persistence, so I never used it again. I can relate, I'm in my late thirties and I hate tech. I love technology , mind you, I hate "tech", the SV culture of "we're changing the world" (when it's very often for the worse) and all the patronizing stuff Rachel describes in the article. Sure, it's not like that in every company, but I don't really care enough to try and find one that's fun. I'd rather hang out with my family, and make outlandish devices and services I'd like to use. I love that this exists, I wish I'd thought of it first, and I like you for making it. I think you should improve the default stylesheet a bit, I like http://matejlatin.github.io/Gutenberg/ . I've been thinking about this for ages, and I want my own contribution to this to be a simple webring service. If you're unfamiliar with the concept, a webring was a simple circular linked list. You had a link on your knitting-themed site to the "next knitting-themed site", that site had a link to the next one, etc. To join the ring, you just emailed someone and said "hey, I, too, have a knitting-themed site, can you add me to your webring?", they looked at your site, and changed their link to your site, you added the link they previously had, and the ring continued. I want to build something simple that'll serve a small widget with previous/next/random site buttons, it'll work like the webrings of old regarding the curation aspect, so to get added you'll need to be referred to by someone. Would you use something like that? You'd basically just drop a bit of HTML on your page and it wouldn't load heavy JS/analytics/crap, just whatever was necessary to paint a few links. That would be an immeasurable loss to humanity, the IA should be protected by the government. I've contributed some very old cartoons I managed to find on VHS rips and was very glad that the IA exists to safekeep them, many 30-somethings in my country have fond memories of these cartoons. Terabytes upon terabytes of historical data would vanish if the IA were to go bankrupt. As a hobbyist photographer and professional phone owner, I have thoughts I'm not afraid to foist upon you unwilling audience: 1) Yes, phones are great for 100% of the average person, who just wants some snapshots to remember/post on Instagram/etc. Not only that, but most phones apply filters to the photo that makes it look more appealing (like in the article), which is what most people want. Photographers want fidelity, so they can apply their own edits in post, so a deciding factor is maximizing post-processing freedom. Cameras are more for professional/artistic use these days. 2) Phones are never ever going to replace professional cameras. Hell, not even non-professional cameras are ever going to replace professional cameras. I have a Canon 5D as my main camera and a Sony RX-100 mkIII as a travel camera, and while the latter is fantastic, has great quality in a very small form factor, I end up frustrated 30% of the times I use it. The 5D is a professional camera, and much of what you pay for is for the ergonomics. It's very cumbersome to have to go three menus down to change a setting in the smaller camera when I could have done it without taking my eye away from the viewfinder on the 5D, and it leads to missed shots. I haven't seen this point mentioned anywhere, and it's a big differentiator. I could include here the fact that the camera is much more predictable: If you hear the "beep" that tells you it's focused, pressing the button gets me a photo in 3) Phones are great for taking wide-angle photos in ample light, but not great for everything else. They can clean low-light photos decently these days, but a large sensor is much more versatile in what you can do with it. The same goes for the lenses, 24mm is good for a lot of things, but sometimes you just need a different focal length. 4) Larger sensors have a lot more detail in the resulting photo. A camera lets you go from the before to the after here, and this isn't even a terrible shot: https://imgz.org/ius5Vhb9/ A phone wouldn't be able to retrieve much detail in that scene, and the result would look much worse. A camera can help you salvage many photos that would have been write-offs with a phone, e.g. when they're too dark/bright, or when you have tones too close to each other. TL;DR: Phones are great, but cameras are great too. I had the same experience, I tried to make a transfer of $100 or so and they just closed my account with no explanation, and I've never been able to open another one since. They did refund everything, though. I've lately become allergic to things that I can only partially reason about. Sure, I'm probably going to be fine, but I can't guarantee I'll be fine, and the blackhats are always more knowledgeable than me about obscure bits of shell/Unix behavior, so I just shy away and use a less free-form approach. I'm very excited about the new Solo keys coming out, but am apprehensive because they use an NXP LPC55S69 processor, which doesn't look like a secure element to me. Does anyone have experience with it? Regardless, I think the security benefit will be substantial, since the ease of use will outweigh the risk of someone physically getting the device and extracting the keys by a lot. You don't even need the agent with the latest SSH versions, SSH can now use U2F natively, which is wonderful. You misunderstand how FIDO2 works. Read the article, it details how to do exactly what you say it can't. You can resume your excitement now! I run www.historio.us and I reply to emails :P This is not relevant, but this strikes me as a big cultural difference between wherever you're from and where I'm from. Here, the first thought to complete that sentence would be "he strikes me as someone you'd be friends with". I wonder why "hang out at work" was the first thing that came to mind for you. Here we don't tend to think in terms of "people we hang out with after work", we generally have "friends we first met at work" and "coworkers with no other social relationship". I know it's a small thing, but that's where cultural differences usually manifest, and I find them very interesting. I can't recommend Zulip enough. It made remote communication many times easier, it's a dream to use because it's faster than Slack (though that bar is so low you have to dig to find it) and Riot, and its keyboard navigation is second to none. The mental model might take an hour or two to click, but you can think of it as Slack rooms where the only thing you can do is open new threads (can't post messages in the room itself, only in the threads). I really really think everyone should try it, it's a big improvement. Holy shit, if this thing is anywhere close to a TS100 for $25, it's going to be amazing. The TS100 is by far the best soldering iron I've ever used (though I haven't used any $200+ ones). If you can get one for $25, don't even think about it. This is an art project. It's the other way around, Hackintosh is Mac OS on non-Apple hardware (for example, a Dell). This works: https://bitbucket.org/magnolia1234/bypass-paywalls-firefox-c... I've had fun replying honestly to bad customers. I run a service where you pay once for a lifetime upgrade, and it doesn't make much money so I don't care very much about dissatisfying bad customers. One of them emailed me with a subject line of "my account is broken! FIX IT!!!" and no body, to which I replied "how rude, do you think I'm your slave?". He replied in the same vein, saying that if I didn't fix it he'd go to a competitor, to which I said "it's a one-time payment and you've already paid me, if you leave you're just basically saving me time in support". He replied a few hours later apologizing for his rudeness and detailing what the problem was, which I helped him fix, but it was fun to see how much customers expect to be able to walk all over customer service and how surprised they are when you don't take their shit. To be fair, 99% of support emails are very kind and polite. This is literally one instance in ten years. That's pretty far from "all the time", which is a conclusion I don't even hint at anywhere. I'm pretty happy to provide the service at this price point, and every customer is too. Besides, I would call out this kind of entitled rudeness at any price point. A minor plug, if you're doing ESP8266/ESP32 development, you can use the following code snippet and server I wrote to do automatic, secure updates over pinned HTTPS: https://www.pastery.net/vmympk/ This is the server, a single binary (written in Rust): https://gitlab.com/stavros/espota-server The device will connect to the server (whenever you call doHttpUpdate(), I usually do it on startup), ask for a new version, get the latest version, flash itself with it and then boot. Very handy, as it's faster than USB/UART, and you don't have to disconnect from the serial console to use it. You can use the two together: https://www.stavros.io/posts/fastapi-with-django/ Non-US person here, I've worked as a contractor for US companies for more than a decade. You don't need to set up an entity anywhere, that's only for hiring employees. All contractors need to do is sign a contract for providing services. Yes, this is correct. Meanwhile, Greece with its telecom cartel is a few spots from last, with such good company as Turkmenistan, the Virgin Islands and, for some reason, Canada. I might as well get a SIM shipped to me from Italy every three months or so, it'll be lots cheaper. Same here, it's extremely annoying. Other pet peeves include "grssk" and Beyoncé's documentary's monstrosity that I don't even care to recall. Or people who can read Greek. I can only imagine how Russians feel towards the frequent misuse of their alphabet. The question was about the parameter name , though. The correct answer seems to be: function FuncName(UnitInterval accuracy) I'm a hobbyist, so I don't care if things like finite element analysis simulations are missing, but I do want basic things like constraints, some of which I think SolveSpace is missing. One big "quality of life" thing that even OnShape is missing that Fusion has is the ability to dimension a line from another line, i.e. you can specify a dimension as "line_23 / 2", which allows you to do math with the other element as a variable. It's a pretty small feature, but extremely useful. Why is the default that everyone should release the things they make? Maybe he just wants to use it for himself and is uninterested in anyone else using it. I would tend to agree. Saying "our software is free for anyone to do anything they want with, except Amazon to profit from" may not be free in letter, but I certainly see it free in spirit. I fear we're letting perfect be the enemy of the good here, and letting the FOSS ecosystem wither and lose incalculable value by letting trillion-dollar corporations exploit the hard work of people for free. If the choice is between "cheap Timescale on AWS run by Amazon" and "slightly less cheap Timescale on AWS run by Timescale", I'll take the latter. I think banning FAANG from competing with the single source of revenue these FOSS companies have is a small price to pay to ensure a thriving FOSS ecosystem, and I think insisting on absolute freedom is killing the ecosystem. Can you elaborate? What collaboration do you mean? Reading the comments here, it seems to me that there are two sides to the debate: One side says it's not FOSS unless it's completely free, and the other side says it's fine for a small subset of use cases to lose a modicum of freedom if it means that everyone else benefits with more software that's essentially OSS. I think that what the "purist" view is not considering so much is that, when it comes to a company like Timescale, the choice isn't between "OSI" and "source available", it's between "source available" and "closed source". They're a company that wants to make a profit from the software it spends resources to develop. The debate seems to be mostly on whether this license should be called "open source", but I think there's an implicit value judgement there, which I'd like to make explicit. I'd like to clarify that, given that it's almost impossible to make money when AWS can just take your OSS product and undercut you, Timescale is doing us all a great service by giving us a product for free and making the source available. However, does it really make sense to argue over the license is OSS or not? The FOSS ecosystem has a monetization problem, and it's largely being funded by our collective donation of our time. I think that having options that allow us to grow the ecosystem in a sustainable way is important, even if they aren't as pure as we'd all like. Practicality usually beats purity, and "source available" is better than "closed source". I haven't really seen any concrete dangers that come from a "source available" license, especially any that make it worse than just having no source (which is the real alternative here), so if anyone could educate me, I would be grateful. On the contrary, Google made Kubernetes precisely so they could commoditize every other cloud provider and then offer the strongest Kubernetes provider there is. When AWS is just a layer under Kubernetes, you can move your entire infrastructure to GCP by pushing your Kubernetes config to a different endpoint. They succeeded quite well in that. I wouldn't recommend an ortho keyboard, I've found it takes a lot of time to relearn how to type with not much benefit. The drawback is that you'll spend months learning to type again, and you won't be nearly as fast as you were. That's what happened for me, at least. Has anyone compared Pelican to Zola? I use Lektor myself (and love it), but I sometimes find myself pining for something fast and self-contained. I've never used Tasmota (though I've heard great things), but I'd like to give props to ESPurna, another similar project: https://github.com/xoseperez/espurna I use it for so many things around the house that the WiFi spectrum is probably completely saturated, it's fantastic. It even supports auto-update over HTTP, so all my devices periodically talk to my home server to see if a new firmware is available using a simple server I wrote: https://gitlab.com/stavros/espota-server Since I'm very familiar with ESPurna but not with TASMOTA or ESPHome, I can share some of its drawbacks: * Provisioning is hard. I have tens of devices and I want to deploy firmware on them with specific settings already preloaded, so I can just flash it and have it automatically connect to my Wifi, MQTT server, autoupdate server, etc. Not only do I need to compile my own firmware for this, but I need to compile one version of the firmware per device type . This isn't too much of a hassle, I wrote a simple for loop to do it, but what is a hassle is that my configuration needs to be in the form of #defines in a header file, which makes updating a big pain, as I have to figure out what upstream changes were made and how to merge them with mine. Actually, that's the only drawback I've found, it's otherwise worked perfectly, the community is great, the maintainer is very responsive and the software does what I need and more. Definitely recommended. > If you use terms such as "cancel culture" and "liberals", it's pretty clear you're either a right-wing US citizen or someone who wishes they were one. So you can't say "cancel culture has gone too far" without signaling you're right-wing? I'm not up to speed with the exact politics, but I've heard the term in non-right wing contexts. Seems to me like that would make it impossible to talk about things, which is what I'm seeing. How would you talk about Twitter canceling people without using the term "cancel culture? You buy a cheap controller (RadioMaster TX16S is the best value for money right now, at $120ish, but you can do quite well with a $30 FlySky), some goggles ($40 for some Eachine EV800D, I forget the exact model number), $150ish for a low-end starting 5" quad, and $30 for a 4S battery. I might also recommend getting a tiny whoop instead, those are very small drones for inside the house, they are super fun and you can fly them whenever you want, vs having to make a trip to a suitable location. That should get you started. Nowadays I much prefer acrobatic wings, though, I made a Flitetest Versa from Depron foam for like $30 and it's amazing fun. Sometimes one, if I've skipped lunch. Joke's on them, I already ROT26 all my repos. Bah, yes, I do. I have no idea what I was thinking when writing that comment, it's just a trainwreck. TLDR: Shorter week very good. Ah, I see, thank you. Sounds like just manually starting docker-compose stuff will be preferable right now. Doesn't Compose take care of that with "restart: always"? Though that probably doesn't work on reboot... Aren't people worried about the fact that mRNA vaccines haven't been deployed before? I don't see much apprehension about that generally, but a few months of testing of a brand new delivery technique don't sound that extensive to me. Oh that's encouraging, thanks! It's great if it works well, as I understand it it's a potential gamechanger (cancer vaccines etc). It shouldn't, what you do is hook the traceback function, though the method is fiddly to get right. I wrote a utility to do the same years ago: https://github.com/skorokithakis/tbvaccine I wrote https://github.com/skorokithakis/tbvaccine years ago for the same purpose, and the fix is simple: Just don't install it on production. It requires no changes to your code, you can install it system-wide and all tracebacks will be prettified. I've been looking for something like this, thanks! Thanks, have a free IMGZ trial on me for that comment. It was a gyros damn you! My trashy romantic story would quickly devolve into "he kissed her passionately, like another man she had known that also kissed very passionately, like this man". That is beautifully disgusting. We are glad you liked this sentence. It depends on what "disproportionate" means, I guess. I'm assuming "five" is still okay. I am not a greedy man. Would new mRNA vaccines need to undergo stringent safety/efficacy testing as well? As I understand it, you make the bit of mRNA you want and stuff it onto the vector, which then deploys it into the cells. Once the technique is mature and well-understood, wouldn't it be much quicker to roll out vaccines for all sorts of things? Nice fingers you typed that comment with, it'd be a shame if anything were to... happen to them. [flagged] > I think if someone wrote the GDPR is a net negative, that's actually a good sign in that it implies some actual consideration and weighing up of the advantages and disadvantages. Then you're much more of an optimist than me. In most cases, I ask them why (to see if there's valid criticism I'm not aware of), and invariably I get back a mix of reactionary "government bad" or supercapitalist "my company shouldn't have to care about people!" I still haven't heard a good argument for why it's a net negative (though there's certainly good criticism of some aspects, but I still think it's a net positive by far). Same here. Upgrades always went without a hitch. I run it in Compose but the database is on the host (I much prefer that setup in general). I visited once out of curiosity, and was just shocked to see how overtly racist people were. It wasn't just "immigrants should stay in their countries" (which I was expecting), it was full on "I don't see why I shouldn't be able to kill me a n*gger if I feel like it" speech (censorship mine). Truly disgusting. > Android, the world's only major consumer operating system that can't be centrally updated by its creator. The only one out of... two? Those bad boxes were checked for me too, but the realization it gave me that "wait, I can actually synthesize a vaccine myself" trumped the first two. Why not give the mRNA vaccines to everyone? Yes. That was a mistake. > The new vaccines were 90 percent and 94.5 percent effective, said Mr. Paul, Republican of Kentucky and a trained ophthalmologist. And “naturally acquired” Covid-19 was 99.9982 percent effective, he claimed. This is a good point, since you can't get COVID a second time if you're dead. The issue is that you don't know whether you're going to be in the "recovered" group before you get COVID (which is why the vaccine is preferable, you get good immunity without the pesky dying). Seriously, what the hell? This means you can bypass the GDPR with a sentence in your ToS. It is beyond ridiculous. But the GDPR already allows keeping data with informed consent. Why have another proviso for the same thing? Do you remember if `restic check` said that everything was fine? I've seen people doubt the GDPR a lot, but when I ask why, it's always some version of "Oh EU, government meddling in business something something". Most replies even seem to think the GDPR does things it doesn't do and be against those imagined drawbacks. I've never seen a substantive reason, so my prior for "person with GDPR complaint" now is "person who isn't familiar with the GDPR". I agree with you, I don't really understand what Manyverse is doing. I see posts, but I don't know if they come from the pub, or from following someone directly, or what. I see four posts that I think are from the pub, but if you don't see them they might not be. I also see someone's stream, and I'm not sure why... All in all, it's very confusing. > Not just because it's directly profitable to be pro-developer, but because it helps their long term image, culture etc. And thus is indirectly profitable. > That's quite an extreme-end of capitalist way of looking at it. It's only extreme if you can show that companies routinely take the moral stance even when it impacts their short- or long-term profitability. Is Microsoft good now despite its best interests, just because it decided to take a moral stance? I use both Syncthing and Nextcloud (each for different things). Nextcloud is more akin to Dropbox, and works very well. Syncthing is peer-to-peer, so you don't get a web UI you can browse on your phone and selectively download data (it's "all or nothing" per directory), but I haven't had a single problem with it in years. It just works. I'm a bit annoyed at "we can do better than X" when, you know what? Maybe we can't. Yes, it's nice that you and I can install Element and deal with the finicky crypto handshake that for some reason always shows red for me because a friend opened the web UI and closed it before he completed the handshake and now we can never actually make that check go green, and it's nice that Mastodon is distributed but mastodon.host went down one day with all my toots without a word from the administrator, and yeah I know I should have picked a better host (though if you could predict that mastodon.host will die why didn't you tell me?), but my mom can't. Users value their convenience, and security and privacy are inconvenient. Hell, we started decentralized and over email and newsgroups and personal websites and blogs and it's all Facebook Facebook Facebook now that the Eternal September came around. If we could do better, we would have done better by now. You understand wrong. Nothing solves this problem except verifying fingerprints manually (in person!) or scanning the QR code (again in person!). Have you tried running Mastodon and Matrix on a Pi? I'm not so confident it'd work, these aren't lean servers. I would love a tiny server I can run on my home server (for my tiny message volume), but Mastodon and Synapse are optimized for large servers. Apart from the general consternation about an OSS license becoming non-OSS, can we also talk about the problem that companies are formed, invest a whole lot of resources into creating a product, open-source it, and then have Amazon eat into their profits by just installing and maintaining that product as a service? No matter how you slice it, I think Amazon is bad for us end-users, and Elastic is good. Elastic could have released ES as closed source, but they didn't, and the OSS ecosystem is better for it. They were hoping to make money off their product, which I don't think anyone can fault them for, but instead Amazon came in and took a bunch of that money while not giving anything back. Now Elastic is not happy, and I wouldn't be either. As an end user, I'm grateful the circumstances exist that allow companies to make a living from OSS, and I want to encourage that. AWS is the fly in the ointment there, and I don't see how blaming Elastic for not giving us stuff for free any more is anything other than entitled. We should be grateful that ES is OSS at all, and we should want an environment where companies that produce OSS can thrive, instead of blaming them for wanting to get paid for the work that they release freely into the world. Amazon hinders that, period. I don't think Elastic is in the wrong here, I think Amazon is. The limits are the shackles of oppression, the integral is the proletariat and switching is disavowing capitalism and seizing the means of production. [flagged] Yeah, I decided to switch to that from MIT/BSD as I don't like people taking the software and closing it up. I'd say "biblically". Do you mean LZ4? I fear your comment is a bit misleading as-is. Ah, that's fine, hopefully this comment chain will be upvoted. Please please use this instead: https://www.stavros.io/posts/u2f-fido2-with-ssh/ It is much much easier and less error-prone, and compatible with any U2F key (not just Yubikey). > There's no funny business about changing how a browser should work, like putting the address bar at the bottom. Damn those pesky innovations! Browser bars should be at the top, where they've been since before phones, where it's much easier to reach the bottom than the top! Seriously, I was between jobs for a while and it was the best time I've had in ages. I could (and would) do random projects that struck my fancy all the time, go out, see friends, write, design things... It was much more productive than a job, and I was constantly doing things with the parts of technology that don't suck. The AZ vaccine is more effective than the BioNTech one? That's extremely interesting. Have you considered using something like Expounder ( https://skorokithakis.github.io/expounder/ ) in your posts? (Disclosure, I made it but it's a small open source lib). I don't see why we can have full-blown web apps but our text needs to be very specifically just text these days. "They predicted 13 out of the last 2 bubbles" In the past, there were only enough components to fill a few shelves. Also, you can get many, many components from local stores now, if you're willing to pay the 4x-10x premium. Not many people are, so local stores aren't as common. > αcτµαlly pδrταblε εxεcµταblε As a Greek, if you do this, I hate you. Why the hell do you have to make me read "actmally pdrtable execmtable"? At least this is one of the less offensive cases. EDIT: Solidarity to our Cyrillic friends! Ah, I don't want to make a fuss about it (my comment was tongue-in-cheek), it's really not a big deal, but it is annoying to spend 2-3 seconds trying to figure out if you're having a stroke, and then some more trying to suss out what the sentence is actually trying to say. If you want to honor Greece, use the letters as they're meant to be used! "Acτuaλλy πoρτabλe εxecuταbλe" would be much better (though I've intentionally tried to give English readers a stroke with this one :)! Omicron looks exactly the same as the English o (it's not visually distinguishable in most typefaces) so it doesn't matter much, but upsilon is an "ee" sound usually, not an "oo" like in "actually" and "executable", so it wouldnt' work exactly. It would read "actially execeetable". EDIT: For completeness, the full transliteration (or as close to it) would be "άξουαλι πόρταμπολ εξεκιούταμπολ". The extra "o" in "portabol" and "execiutabol" is actually a schwa, I think, so it can be omitted. Though, oddly enough, the English letters are used exactly how they're meant to be used :P This isn't polished either, I have one and it registers phantom touches all the time, keeps vibrating, actual touches don't register, etc etc. It's not really usable, I left it in a drawer ten minutes after opening it. Like WebAuthn? Oh yeah? Well I run one where no ports are open. In fact, I haven't even connected it to the network. Oh, that's better... Still probably prohibitive for a lot of people, I wonder if you can skip that if you're vaccinated (or perhaps will be able to by September). That's an interesting fact, but I can't help but feel like your comment is a bit too unaware of its own culture. After all, there's nothing that makes capitals inherently shouty, it's just another convention. Saying "they didn't have capitals so they used spaces" would sound odd to an alien, who would wonder why capitals were necessary in the first place. 166 MHz? You splurged for a good one! Mine was 100 MHz, the rest was the same though. 16 MB RAM, those weren't the days... Most likely nobody decided to have file:// access the network. Most likely, someone decided to make file:// the scheme for accessing files, and someone else decided to mount the network as a file. I don't appreciate the sarcasm. Seeing a nipple can have serious effects on the psyche of a still-developing child. Luckily, the chance to see one (even by accident) is very small, since we banned nipples in 2017, and very few people now have them. > Is Starbucks too big and a bully? Sure, they force Mom and Pop shops to close by out-competing them, and that sucks. But bullying? I believe that's just Capitalism. I'd say it's more like a mom-and-pop coffee shop giving free coffee to patrons hoping to make money on cookies, and Starbucks coming in, taking the free coffee, opening a nice stand right next to the shop and selling the coffee they got for free. I'm having trouble justifying this ethically. Has anyone used both I2C and other protocols like PJON or CAN and can compare? I see, thanks. I'm asking mostly from a model airplane perspective, where you have a receiver, GPS, mag, transmitter, etc. Right now they use UART, with only the mag using I2C, but CAN sounds like a better solution, especially given the amount of electrical noise you get from the motors/servos. I've been using this for a while (and even wrote the python library for it), it has worked quite well. My only feedback is that the release process was a bit too fast, frequently changing and breaking things without much API stability, to the point where I couldn't keep up with upstream changes and just stopped upgrading my personal instance and the library. Hopefully that's gotten better nowadays, with a more solid versioning scheme. Judging from the site and documentation, signald more mature, which is a good sign. I've never had an issue with the daemon itself, it's been working fine for years now. All in all, an excellent and extremely useful project. I read a summary of the situation and it seemed to me like both sides handled it poorly. It sounded like there was indeed a lot of activism, which is something you don't really want in a workplace, but the C-levels didn't handle it terribly graciously either, what with looking at past logs to find an employee's messages. It's more than a little impolite, I think. I have to admit there's a certain elegance in filtering out political people by banning public discussions of politics, though. I especially cringed at this bit: > Jane Yang, a data analyst at the company, told me that restricting internal conversations would negatively affect diversity and inclusion efforts. For example, she said, the company’s profit-sharing plan gave more profits to people who have longer tenure — a group that is majority white and male. Making that discussion off limits internally could ensure that inequality in profit sharing becomes a structural feature of the company. It's not like they had a rule that white males get more money, it's a seniority rule! It seems unreasonable to me to extrapolate that to systemic racism in the company. > Edit: BTW are you actually suggesting the Irish of the time were a race apart from other indigenous people of the British Isles? Where did you get that from? In what way do you think that a rule like "the people who have been here the longest should get a bigger share of the company" is unfair to a group of people that is segmented by anything other than "time with the company"? > If you want to ignore that there's an inherent bias towards companies being started more often by people of certain social or racial profiles, sure. Right, so it's not that the rule is biased , it's just that there's general bias because of other things and this rule isn't compensating for it, which are two very different things. Equality of result is, by definition, a way to bias things towards a different group, and as a proponent of equality of opportunity, I think that's not a good way to build a just society. That's why I'm against trying to "fix" rules that aren't biased in the first place (ie rules which people who support equality of result consider "not biased enough the other way"). So the objection is that rules that don't attempt to fix biases are inherently "biased by default", even though the rule doesn't actually contain bias itself? Right, but that uses some sleight of hand to make the claim that you can/should adjust for bias everywhere instead of at the source, which isn't something everyone finds fair. I don't think it takes a revolution to make a social safety net, ensure good education for every child, and institute free healthcare for everyone, but that probably sounds too close to "socialism" for some people's comfort. If the job is about reaching high shelves, yep, that's an excellent bonus scheme. It doesn't sound like the OP has seen the insides of the original application either, sounds like it was just the protocol that was reverse engineered, from the packets. This is fantastic, well done! A very useful service, and I loved it when it was Firefox Send. I'll be sure to use this now. Some simple authentication would be fantastic, so I can run my own instance and only allow myself to upload things. But then I'd have to give the password to anyone I wanted to receive files. I want to be able to send files to people but not have them be able to send to others. Maybe adding HTTP basic auth is fine, as I mainly want to keep random bots from finding the service. I'll try that, thanks! I don't know about everyone else, but I always read your comment with the mindset of "this could definitely have been me", not "hah, look at this idiot". I hope most other people read it the same way, because I don't think anyone is 100% correct in their predictions of which product will do well. Zulip is amazing. I'm of the opinion that Slack is actively bad for work, because it encourages ephemeral, disjointed chats that you can't easily find again later. Zulip is fast, light, and is a much more natural way to chat. The "river" of messages that you can zoom in and out of is just fantastic. I could easily do 120 wpm at 98% accuracy before I switched to touch typing years ago. Now I'm at 80wpm at 95%. Well they all require active consent so then letting the timer run out would have to be a right answer on all of them. I use Redshift and spent five minutes trying to figure out what the damn difference was. In the end, I had to disable it to notice that the indicators' colors weren't both purple! Maybe he chooses to ignore non-paying users, which is fair. Hell, ignoring any kind of user is fair. Might not be a great business strategy, but it's his site. Obligatory comment here to say that Zulip is amazing. What did poverty look like for you? I am also from somewhere very different from this, though I can't say I grew up poor, we did okay. Obligatory Limmy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YfRbNipdOg NSFW language, if you can understand it. proxpi is exactly what I was looking for, thank you! The straightforward Docker installation is especially great, I can have it running with one command. But why not just let religious people be religious? I don't understand why I have to watch some lectures just so I can let people believe in whatever they want. I wasn't convinced by this reply either, then I went back and read the actual email. It doesn't mention the problem at all, it's a straightforward sales pitch. Even I ignore tons of those regularly, it's kind of dishonest on the part of the developer to say "oh they caused me a problem, I emailed them and they didn't reply" without mentioning that he didn't mention the problem in the email at all ! I'm the same, and I have a friend who loudly smacks his lips when eating, it's insufferable. To make matters worse, whenever we meet it's usually over some kind of meal, so I am at a loss for what to do. Thanks! Do let me know if it works for you, I love it so far but I've only deployed it in a few places. No, the inherent problem of SMS is that it can be stolen/redirected. Given that, and given that companies are too eager to use it as 1FA, you shouldn't use it. If I'm giving advice to companies, I say "don't use SMS 2FA as 1FA" (well, I actually say "don't use SMS 2FA at all, it's too tempting for a support person to use it as 1FA"), but this thread is about the user, and as a user, you shouldn't use SMS 2FA. That's encouraging! I got COVID a few months ago and got vaccinated recently, seems like I should be unstoppable now. Went to visit my parents and my dad thought it prudent to have a 60 minute meeting with a stranger in an unventilated office at work. Yaaaaay... It's even worse than that, my dad got it in an indoor space (office) while both he and the carrier were wearing masks. Then I got it from him in the house, even though I avoided him and kept my distance. He wouldn't wear a mask in the house (because "I'm fine") and kept coughing up the place, though. Into the 80's, Queen were arguably the most popular band in the world. After Freddie Mercury's death in 1991, they slowly faded; and a decade later the floods started being a bigger problem and the water levels out west varied more with the seasons... Probably no connection at all, tho, must have been climate change. Because people who are in the ICU because they refuse to get vaccinated are costing the taxpayer a shitload of money. I'd be all for "you can stay unvaccinated if you like, but you won't get an ICU bed if you get severe COVID", but that's a heavier hand than a passport. In my country we do. A hard joke to get, but I liked it. I don't understand what the big deal with all this Freenode drama is. It just got renamed to Libera, update your host files and you're done. If your users are on Freenode and don't know about your network, having the structure there doesn't do much good. It doesn't take much time to register nicknames/channels anyway, certainly not enough to risk a lawsuit from Freenode. > The project could have pinned the version and downloaded from pypi rather than repackaging. It couldn't, since Nix is a package manager and will only download things from its repository. It can't access the internet otherwise. The Nix maintainers asked very nicely whether there was a specific reason and whether they could work with the author to solved it. The author just said "no, just don't include my stuff", which he technically didn't have the right to say after releasing the code as FOSS. You can't demand respect from the Nix folks after disrespecting them by telling them to do something "just because". You don't have to fork, you can just use that release. You just can't use any subsequent releases, but neither can HA. No, why? "Illness" sometimes is about the quantity, not the quality. If you enjoy the odd glass of wine once a week, you're fine, if you drink every hour of the day, not so fine. While I love the commentary and found it funny, it would more accurately be "life before and after a huge volume of messages". Kafka isn't the problem in this specific case. Okay, first of all, tell me more about this flamethrower. Also, when you say "nets", do you mean "screens", ie on the windows? The joke was that a TODO list with an unchecked item is on the front page of HN. In the grandparent's scenario, the item is checked. takes notes furiously No, because the GDPR doesn't apply to citizens, but to companies. It only applies to companies that target the EU for their services: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/refo... Again, the GDPR applies to EU residents , not citizens . A German citizen in the US isn't protected by the GDPR. Technically, it doesn't even apply to citizens, but to countries that the company markets to. The link explains all this. I disagree, even EU companies don't have to adhere to the GDPR if they don't target EU countries. Google doesn't have to adhere to the GDPR for people in the US, whether they're EU citizens or not. I want to dismiss this comment as alarmist nonsense, but I find myself agreeing with every last bit of it. Seeing live lobsters semi-frozen on ice so they can stay alive until you can take them home and then boil them alive is one of the cruelest forms of torture I've seen. Same with keeping chickens and pigs in cages the size of their bodies. This is all disgraceful, and if we can't at least respect the animals we eat, we probably don't deserve to eat them. Listen if you can't run 33% of the internet with 50 engineers what are you even doing? Do you honestly hold yourself to the same ethical standards as lions? In my experience, rustc builds are reproducible if you build on the same path. They come out byte for byte identical. Yeah, I agree with you, this feature always does the same thing in everything (every video conferencing app uses it to show you yourself). The reason is that you're used to seeing yourself in the mirror, and your image would look weird to you if it weren't mirrored. It would also look weird to everyone else if it were , so they see your normal image. Put a piece of Plexiglas between you and the camera, put a LED strip on the edges of the Plexiglas, and mirror the outgoing video stream so writing looks the right way (unfortunately your face won't), done! Right, but until someone, you know, actually comes out and accuses him of it, shouldn't we assume he didn't? > Ted (sic) Harmon got away with this because he is so so so highly respected in the field. And he's an extraordinarily smart and self-aware person, too. Most people aren't really in a position to do this much introspection and analyze the situation. If this is the bar of apology that's required, pretty much nobody is going to clear it. The GP said "public apology", not "apology". You can apologize to the victims in private. Is the argument that if you could have salted the tail you could have just caught the bird? And you'll have half the purchasing power for your salary. You mean the CA that signs the vaccination certificates? Oof, this video makes me think I may have ADHD. I just cannot get boring things done, and I get more stressed the more I procrastinate, and it just spirals. What has helped me is something that the video mentions too, and that's working with a coworker. Not so much pairing (as in, looking at each other's screen), but just saying "I'm working on X now" and feeling like someone else is working on their thing alongside you/simultaneously. That has produced great results for me. Wasn't jgrahamc largely responsible for the apology? > If you remove the old-fashioned tone of voice from the translations and speak them as someone would today I think that's almost wholly because of the the "thou", which was added to distinguish from the polite plural "you", but maybe it shouldn't have been. I doubt anyone would have mistaken "fuck your mother" for the polite plural. I wonder if this is the same as modern Greek, where "if" can also mean "when". I.e. "When I invade, I will turn you out". "If". A more literal translation would be "upon", which can have both meanings. "Upon arrival" can both mean "if he comes" or "when he comes". Looks like the original said "ἂν ἐμβάλω εἰς τὴν Λακωνικήν, ἀναστάτους ὑμᾶς ποιήσω", which is the word for "if", but I don't know if the meaning of "when" was there in ancient Greek too. Same with "wiki" and "wikipedia". Wikipedia is an instance of a wiki, damnit! I had exactly the same problems, and I decided to change not my backup strategy, but my deployment strategy. I wrote a small tool to deploy everything in a single directory, using Docker Compose: https://gitlab.com/stavros/harbormaster It allows you to separate important state (data) from non-important state (caches). This way, all you need to do is back up the data directory, and then you can restore the Harbormaster config file (along with the data) on the new server and you're done. That was an excellent campaign. Hmm, what's the context there? I'm not familiar with the FastAPI events you mention. Wait, why do I keep pronouncing it "Sir Hat"? [flagged] [flagged] So more like concentration camps for children? Are you saying humans can't survive without water for 2 days? That seems quite short. Ahh, thanks, so I didn't make it up! Yay :( The moral solution is to fix justice, the pragmatic solution is to not use your real name. In that light, I also have to ask, why did you use your real name? Could you say "supports Ubuntu" instead? More than avoiding keeping the personal stuff on the work laptop, avoid keeping work stuff on personal hardware. When you're off work, you're off work. No email, no notifications, no nothing. The only work thing I have on my personal phone is Slack, and that's with auto-DND outside work hours. If there's an emergency, you can call me. Sure, if it doesn't generate notifications, that's no problem. That's too bad :( As a Linux user, I love it when game studios support Linux and make a point to buy their games more often. Right, but you don't need an impressum for a GitHub repo or a browser extension, right? I guess the GP probably did run a website. But thus way the labor is free™. Isn't the "bad apple" proverb exactly that one of them spoils the bunch? What did it get corrupted to? Hm, right. It must be a corruption, because AFAIK the original proverb is "one bad apple spoils the bunch" (because of the chemical thing you mentioned). What's wrong with Fastmail's UI? It's the fastest web app I've used (not just fastest mail app, fastest web app overall). I don't think SolveSpace is in that niche at all, it's for parametric design, like FreeCAD. Looks like they removed that sentence. Personally, I like to think that by "previously unknown" they meant "we didn't know about it before we learned about it". I have tried it, yes. You can add constraints to any parametric CAD software, like FreeCAD, OnShape, Solidworks, Fusion, etc. Hmm, it's been a while since I last tried it, but I remember the constraints being pretty much the same as other software. Maybe I should try again. Without doom trolling nobody will vote for the people who want to implement the costly solutions. Hmm, that's interesting about the dam, though I wonder whether only the people who wouldn't fear a dam collapse would live next to one. Everything tastes less good nowadays. When I was a kid, we used to eat tomatoes like apples, just biting into them, maybe with some salt. Nowadays supermarket tomatoes taste like water. You may be right, I recently (a few years ago) ate garden tomatoes that my mom had planted and they also tasted amazing, so that tracks. Hey everyone! I needed a quick way to receive replies to my comments, and didn't like email, so I made a Telegram bot instead. It's free and easy to use (though it's in beta), just tell it your username and you'll receive replies to your comments. I'm also happy to answer any questions you may have! About 30 seconds or so! I had other things to do okay? I came here to say the exact same thing, please remove this. Add zxcvbn.js to the page if you really want to do something, but telling me my 32-random-character password is "insecure" because I didn't add an exclamation mark at the end is just annoying. Thanks! I can't say I love Telegram for messaging (I use Signal for that), but it's great for notifications due to the lack of encryption (makes the API very easy). Oh man, is this one of those units that makes way more sense almost everywhere, like 2π for the diameter instead of the radius? Am I going to start noticing that "this equation would have been much easier using the conductance" now? Does nuclear need fresh water? I'd imagine salt water would wreck all the equipment, and you probably don't want to use up all the fresh water you generate... > Just have two people do the work together, and lose the need for constant context switches and wasted time. What kind of PR process do you have where reviewing the PR takes as long as writing the code in the first place? Because that's the only way pair programming is as efficient as code reviewing. So are these the basic advantages? Bandwidth and latency? Some TV ads here tout 5G as "comparable to the invention of electricity", which seems to me mind-numbingly ridiculous, but I was wondering if there's some huge benefit that I'm missing. Have you sent it anywhere for archival? I can imagine archive.org would want it. Oh aha, thanks! Ah, yes, I think I heard of these microcells. That is indeed exciting, as my house gets no reception, it would be great to deploy a cell in the area and have reception again. It is not better than just a password (in fact, it is worse). Providers have been known to reset accounts with just SMS 2FA, and passwords are harder to steal than SIMjacking. > But this turns the 2FA into 1FA, and that "1" is just an SMS. Sure, but the fact that an explanation exists is unlikely to be of help if you get your account compromised by this. > If someone hacks eg linkedin (again), and gets all the passwords, they can just hack literally millions of accounts on other services just because of password reuse. SMS 2FA prevents that very effectively. Hacking a specific service is much harder than simjacking. Use an alternate method of 2FA (a FIDO2 USB key would be best). If you have someone's credentials for a service, it is easy to use them to log in to that service, no matter what they used for authentication. Moving the goalposts until only your argument is valid is nice if you like to be tautologically correct, but is not very useful. Personally, I just have multiple. I also enroll my devices (phone, laptop), so there's a good bit of redundancy. But there's no way to reconstruct a checkerboard image without knowing what it represented originally. I bought a super cheapo USB hub with four ports and on-off switches. I didn't think I'd have any use for them, but it turns out they're extremely useful because it turns out I need to unplug/replug things on my desk much more often than I thought. In related news, I used an old Android phone and DroidCam over USB as a webcam. The picture quality is stellar , much better than any webcam you might find, and it's very simple to stop it by unloading the driver (I know, I know...). Why do people not do that? As far as I know, publishing in Arxiv is as simple as uploading the PDF, so I'm wondering why scientists don't do that themselves by default. Does anyone know? When you say journals don't allow preprint, do you mean they don't let you publish if you've published on Arxiv? Can you not post the preprint and submit to a journal for peer review? Isn't that the best of both worlds? If there are changes to your paper due to peer review, can you post the changes to Arxiv too later? > the GPL is becoming irrelevant and is displaced by permissive licenses Is it really? I've recently switched to AGPL because I specifically don't want you using my stuff if you aren't going to give back. If you want to make money off something, feel free to pay for the initial investment, instead of using my work for free. > Developers do not collectively or exclusively want to work for free and live a life of poverty. Which is why I use the AGPL. If you want to make money off my work, pay me. > Not to mention that the GPL is simply too risky and expensive to use in any commercial context. Good! At this point, I'd be happier if everyone who wanted to contribut to OSS played in one sandbox, and everyone who just wanted to use OSS for gain without giving anything back went somewhere else. This is a great point, and something that definitely needs to change. However, as you say, the solution to "you don't have an easy way for me to pay you" isn't best solved by "so make your stuff free". > Just don’t tell the world that you sign up to the FSF nonsense about software freedom. ...because I want everyone to be able to use my software for free, except if they're going to get paid for my work? Cool. > You sound like a great person to be around. Thanks! > Why would I pay you to use your foss when I can [..] never even let you know about it because I decided to write my own version instead. You wouldn't, and that's exactly what I want. > It’s easier and more cost effective to just rewrite the whole library than use a GPL one. Which is exactly as intended. > Does make me wonder why there isn't an ALGPL: "Use my network-expressed component as you like, but if you alter its source, you also need to redistribute the changes under the same license"… I'm fairly sure there's a GPL like that, either the GPLv3 or a version of the AGPL. It definitely doesn't let you alter the source for network servers, though, exactly like you say. > That was the intention on the GPL? To discourage use and sharing code? Yes, the intention was very explicitly to discourage use and sharing to people who didn't intend to share alike. > Smug programmers like you are the worst part of open source. I'm smug because I want you to share your changes to my code back? Good to know, I guess. I'm sorry that my choice of license has prevented you from using my code without giving anything back to me. Well, I say "sorry", I more mean "very happy, because that's exactly what I wanted". > The first SARS and avian flu and swine flu, and CJD and mad cow disease were just more warnings that humans were continuing to play russian roulette with the way they were living with an using animals. How do we live with and use bats that makes viruses crossing over more likely, though? How the hell do people think it's okay to call and threaten/harass someone just because they didn't pick your favorite poll option for their project? Wow. Ah, yep! Thank you. Would anyone happen to have a non-signupwalled link? I read this scifi story a few months ago, I didn't expect it to become reality so soon (well, at least the bad half of it): https://marshallbrain.com/manna Isn't this overblown? They're (reasonably, in my opinion) looking for telemetry in order to improve the program. It's very hard to design in a vacuum, and some sort of (respectful) telemetry would be fine with me. We can't both want OSS to improve and resist giving feedback. I think the possible UX improvements are worth giving them some data, as long as the scope remains limited (which it should, since it's OSS and we can see what gets sent). They're looking for things like "how much usage does X thing get?", and this is hard to get from users for various reasons. You need lots of fine-grained feedback like menu clicks and things like that, you can't discover whether a button is easily discoverable from GitHub issues. I think there's plenty of data for that, given that it's how UX designers generally do things nowadays. What I'd like more to see is a telemetry library or service that respects your data, so we can say "oh, they're using OpenTelemetry, so that's fine", where OpenTelemetry guarantees that it will respect user data. > Companies have existed for centuries without needing constant telemetry And if you're fine with software from the 1700s, you're welcome to use that, but if you want UX improvements to Audacity, there's only so much that can be done without telemetry. You're conflating bug reports and error reporting with telemetry and network access. You can't send telemetry via email or issue trackers, that's for bug reports. > For example, how is it possible that Audacity even exists, got stable, and used enough to be bought, without telemetry, if it is so vital?? The obvious answer to this is "nobody said Audacity isn't good, this is about getting better ". That's true, but I don't know how many would bother installing the beta, especially given that most distributions use stable. This would be the same as opt-in telemetry. Who said that? I don't understand this argument. "Apple did good UX without telemetry in the 80s, so you should be able to do good UX without telemetry now, Muse". Like, what do people think they want the telemetry for ? Are they planning to sell the treasure trove that is "how many people clicked on the 'select audio sink' button" to the highest bidder? You can tell them "do it without telemetry" all you want, but in the end it's just not going to be as good as if they had feedback. Who needs (or asked for) your IP address? That line says "if any", it looks like they had to add it for legal purposes, but IANAL. There's also page 14 here, where more vaccinated than unvaccinated patients died: https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/... Very odd, especially given the much higher numbers of unvaccinated hospitalizations. Ah, interesting, thanks! I was wondering. I doubt their salary is that high, btw. This has been a source of endless memes in Greece for the past few days. We are greatly amused and chagrined. > But its value to people who study art is absolutely affected by the shape it's in. > The most obvious example is "Ecce Mono", item 15 on a list of botched restorations here You are right, but probably not for the reason you think. Ecce Mono had no value until it was botched, and then it became famous. So, yes, its value to people who study art probably is affected by the shape it's in, but it's anyone's guess whether the value of the Picasso will go down or up now that it's "the Picasso that fell on the floor". This is a nice hack, but I'm always very wary of playing with large voltages because it's too easy for things to go wrong. Instead, for controlling mains devices, I recommend a Sonoff S20: https://esphome.io/devices/sonoff_s20.html I usually flash ESPurna onto it (Tasmota and ESPhome are also good choices), it's very easy to do and it's extremely reliable and hopefully has a lower chance of fire than anything I'd make. This claim is factually true, for some version of truth, but also harmful. Someone reading "10k steps is not scientifically grounded" might think "well then screw walking, I'll just watch TV", whereas the actual truth is "It's not 10k, more like 9k". Sure, 10k might not be scientifically grounded, but it's close enough and has a big enough benefit that it's not worth refining the estimate. Because of cartels. If someone told you they'd steal a 100k GBP item from you at 3 PM tomorrow, would you only have one person watching it? What does "cheap capital" mean? $1 is worth $1, how can it be cheap or expensive in terms of itself? In my experience, "low quality clones" means "clones that work perfectly well but don't bring in any of the money we spent on R&D", which is fair. We don't tell them they have to pay, we tell everyone that we should all pay . Your reasoning is just "we benefitted from X bad thing in the past so now we should let others do it too". It's hard not to when the planet is dying. As I understood it, the GP is looking to flag the non-usage of the "ke" variable in the exception body. That's nice, thanks for reminding me of this. I will use it for a project, as I, too, very much like the way Rust does error handling. It sounds correct (as long as it can distinguish between use and shadowing), but the GP talked about reraising so I wasn't sure if they meant the same thing. Semgrep looks great, is it free/OSS? I don't know how powerful it is from looking at the front page, but if it can replace many of our tools, I'd love to use it as a pre-commit hook with pre-commit.com. Well that's awesome, I'm very excited about this now! Thank you for working on it! Ah, unfortunately I'm in Thessaloniki, but tell Stavros he'll never have my Twitter handle! And obviously if you're ever around these parts, I'd love to have a drink! I've been working four day weeks for five years and have the opposite experience. The weekends feel twice as long and the week half as long. I love it, it's a great balance between work and rest. I've been working four day weeks for years too, and this is how: I asked them whether they'd be okay with me working 20% less for 20% less money and they said sure. New headline: "Is Betteridge's law true?" I suspect they train the network on a sample size of one and then ask it to generate something, or at least that's the idea. The project seems like a fairly obvious rag on Copilot. Unfortunately, the $100 price tag puts the Pi 4 in an awkward place: Not cheap enough to be a hobbyist board, not powerful enough for "serious" things. To me, that's extremely unfortunate, because I think many, many more people need a cheap, underpowered board they can tinker with than need a PC with some exposed GPIOs. But carbon in steel is in steel, not the atmosphere, so we don't mind, no? Maybe prices are cheaper in the US, on Amazon.de I could only find the 8 GB model for $100 and the 2 GB for $60. Ahh, yep! I heard that things like the Banana Pi (or similar) use horrid chipsets that have very limited support, so they might not actually be of similar utility. If you know of any good ones, though, I'd be grateful! Nowadays I use an ESP8266 for most things, but it'd be nice to have a small, reliable Linux machine for things like file servers at my parents' house. Good call, thanks!