Is the only innovation in how customizable the UI is? I guess it's way too hard to write a new rendering engine. With the existing ecosystem of chrome / Firefox / safari extensions it will be difficult to gain traction. 7% assumed return is the most ridiculous part of it all. I remember when NYC tried to reduce their assumed rate from 8.5 to 7.5 and people threw a fit ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2010-08-20/new-york-m... ) Everyone has their head in the sand Some people quit their jobs and throw everything into a new, risky venture. This is pretty dangerous, especially for those without wealth. More realistic people work 40-50 hours a week at work and another 40 on their own passions. The smartest find a do-nothing job where they could cash a check for showing up at the office and surfing the net all day (IT, help desk at large organizations) and devote their work time to their own passions. That is the point - the term 'Real Programmer' is meaningless and is merely used to disparage languages / tools / platforms and boost egos. You can look at Mel, a 'Real Programmer', and realize that you can't make value judgements of what true programming is. Programming is using logic to solve problems, regardless of the tools and language. On the contrary, I'm considered a 'good' developer by the normal standards (education / company / title / projects / etc.) and I would consider moonlighting. I usually work another 40-50 hours a week outside of professional employment on my own projects, so doing an app or website for some extra cash once and a while isn't a stretch. I applied. This is perfect, thank you very much, I appreciate you taking the time to write this out. Do you have any recommendations on books to learn about finding exploits in general? My specific skills are in deep and nuanced areas of the Android kernel, and I have some good ideas on potential areas to investigate, but a thorough understanding of the subject would be helpful. It seems like a very lucrative hobby or full time endeavor. I will make a slight derail into H1B's. Anytime that you allow a company to have significant control over an employee's life, such as putting a significant risk of deportation on the employee, you are putting the employee at severe personal risk. This is the central problem with guest worker programs, as you incentivize the company to threaten employees in order to keep them working for you and their costs down. I had an intense argument with someone about whether H1B's were good or bad for the economy. The key point he was arguing was that H1B employees do not have significantly less salary, and they are fully capable of switching companies. In my experience, the primary reason that a company would go through the hassle of hiring an H1B is for cost reasons, because there are enough competent workers locally there to fulfill open positions (at a price), and the quality of H1B workers is generally less than local hires. On rare occasions a foreign worker has extremely unique skills, but this is certainly the exception. Secondly, it is very difficult for an H1B to switch companies, as it's difficult to convince a company to go through the hassle of paperwork / lawyers / cost, so an H1B employee has little recourse for being treated poorly and paid less. Therefore, I'm against H1B's. If we had a more reasonable immigration policy, where people could more easily come to America as normalized citizens, I would be for it. But the H1B and similar programs give far too much power to the companies, which is ripe for exploitation. The problem is that "market price" is extremely malleable, and it's easy enough to tweak the job title slightly in order to change what the person is being paid. As I said, there are exceptions, but in general H1B is a mechanism for importing cheap labor. I've been reading various comments about this around the internet and many people are saying they will stop ordering from Amazon because of it. These white collar workers are highly paid, and not forced to be there. Most of them could easily find another job someplace else (and it sounds like many do). I just can't feel bad for them. If you don't want to work throughout your vacation, go find another job that won't make you work through your vacation. This isn't North Korea, Bezos isn't going to throw you in a reeducation camp. I will keep ordering from Amazon because they provide the best service. Simple as that. That is the same situation at any company with H1B's, and I didn't see anything in the article that mentioned abuse of those workers specifically. This isn't a man who is beating his wife. The employee doesn't have the social pressure to stay with someone they married rather than face the shame of divorce. The employee doesn't have a part of them that is literally in love with the abuser (a company). It's a stretch to use the 'abused spouse' argument with highly educated knowledge workers making 6 figure salaries. Find a new job. What an unexpectedly interesting post. I read a bunch of other posts he made and they are all very well thought out, with little fluff. He sounds like a really great and brilliant guy. I disagree that advertising itself is a broken model, but I like imagining that someone ruthlessly updates their excel spreadsheet of blacklisted companies every time they hear or see an advertisement for any company. You must only shop at flea markets! Jeb Bush doesn't know anything about computers or software, and neither does any major politician. I guarantee you JB's 'Technology Advisor' advised him on this policy position and a few talking points, and now he's saying them. FYI - the link has some sort of javascript problem, made my Chrome / Mac (Yosemite) max out a core and hog ram. It's amazing that Amazon thinks a useful feature is "ability to purchase stuff from Amazon faster". I don't make my decisions about products based on 1 touch ordering of supplies. If it solves a problem I have, great, but I certainly don't have an "Amazon ordering problem". I truly believe that general purpose self driving cars are much farther away than the latest press releases would suggest. Apparently they don't work well at night, in the rain, when the road lines aren't perfect, etc[1]. They basically only work in the perfect weather and roads of Mountain View during the day. In Boston, the roads are shit, the drivers are crazy (including me), and everything is permanently under construction. Once people learn how to spot these cars, very quickly the tricks to passing them are going to be learned. Not to mention the jokers using laser pointers and whatnot to mess with them. If you think this won't happen, you are sorely naive. I think self driving cars will work for specialized cases, like long haul trucking on highways, but for the commuter, it's going to be a long ways off. [1] http://gizmodo.com/6-simple-things-googles-self-driving-car-... It's harder to be aggressive when dealing with human-driven cars because people can react. The commuter dozing in his self-driving car is not aggressively driving, and with his car legally mandated to be in super-safe mode, it's going to take twice as long for it to make it through rush hour traffic. Wow what a ridiculous article. For starters, only an extremely small slice of fresh-out-of-college developers would get a 120k salary and 300k in bonus and options. This is still absurdly high, if it's even true (and not exaggerated for the purpose of getting an article into the WSJ). I've noticed a sharp uptick in CS grads, and it seems starting salaries are actually nosing downwards. Or at least that's the case here in Boston. This article is nonsense, and whoever the author is, I guarantee you he has no idea what he's doing. I'm a big self-driving cars skeptic. Expecting humans to "drive less idiotic" is basically saying that google's cars won't work until human drivers are banned. Driving is something of an art, and it's full of edge cases. So many edge cases. I'll just keep reading articles that say they are 5 years away, just as I did 5 years ago, and the armchair futurists will keep dreaming... Anxiety and depression very nearly derailed my career (and my life itself) right at the end of college. I was working 35 hours a week at a startup and studying two difficult subjects at my university (computer science and Latin) while maintaining an active social life. I kept pushing myself harder and harder, and essentially collapsed. Somehow I managed to stay at my job while I entered the mental health system and started taking care of my mind. I had an extremely bad reaction to Prozac and then tried to manage my issues with diet, exercise, and meditation. For 2 years I was surviving but I certainly wasn't better. Then I decided to try medication again, and started lexapro. Within 2 weeks my mental state had drastically improved, and I was actually feeling joy and excitement again. The panic attacks disappeared, while the general anxiety is much reduced. It's been several years since then, and I'm still on a low dose of lexapro while eating healthy, exercising, and meditating. I'm much more aware of my mental health and don't push myself past the breaking point. Yet my output, productivity, and drive is higher than ever, much better than it was before entering treatment. If you are suffering from similar issues, I highly suggest entering the mental health system and doing everything in your power to try and get better. Stay positive and don't give up. Multiple panic attacks a day, irrational and excessive worrying, insomnia, depression, feelings of impending doom, loneliness, lack of interest in subjects and activities previously enjoyed, lack of confidence and self worth. The usual stuff I suppose. After dealing with these on a daily basis for a year, I added suicidal ideation to the list. Death no longer seemed scary, but a way to escape the nonstop overwhelming pain of continued existence. On the plus side, after entering treatment, and then understanding and overcoming my mental illness, I am without question far, far stronger than I was before. I live every day to the fullest and have no regrets. My life is full of what's important to me- satisfying work, nonstop learning, appreciating art in various forms, and socializing with friends and family. This is what gives me pleasure and defines my life. I also have enormous appreciation for being healthy in a way that my peers seem to lack. Every day is a gift and it shouldn't be squandered. > These are odd facts, very suitable for puzzle columns and likely to amuse amateurs, but there is nothing in them which appeals to the mathematician. I very much disagree with any statement which says a mathematical fact is unimportant. It is impossible to know which facts and theories will be useful in the future. People thought number theory and prime numbers was intellectual masturbation until cryptography and computers came about. Any fact about numbers that someone can figure out is worth publishing, no matter how "useless" it seems. You mean writing a series of logical instructions in order to solve problems is tedious? I wonder what future platform will be created that doesn't require an ordered series of logical steps to solve problems... That sounds like an interesting subject. Could you please link me to your research or other relevant information? If 1 million people live in a city, and you add 10 million more apartments, would that lower the price of each apartment? Of course, because you increased the supply. Adding housing absolutely decreases the average price of housing. This is supply and demand. Now, does adding a small amount of housing have any appreciable effect on average price? No. Therefore, the solution is massive construction of new housing. Reddit would be a better place for comments like this. HN is for reasonable discussion The comment you responded to was about the utility of quickly filing missing persons reports. Your response said that people with dementia filed as missing would be lucky to survive an encounter with a police officer. It seems like you have an axe to grind that is completely irrelevant to the topic of discussion. I don't know your political inclinations but your arguments are illogical and confusing. I said it would be better for reddit, because comments like yours are common there, while fairly uncommon on HN Decorators are very easy to understand. They take the arguments going into the decorated function, do work, then call the decorated function, receive the return values, and then take the returned values and do more work. This could mean validating function inputs, changing inputs, raising exceptions, doing cleanup, etc. I use them liberally for web service endpoints to validate security, data integrity, etc. It's cool that you like Texas and all but the stats speak for themselves. It's SV way ahead of Boston which is a little ahead of NYC. And Boston has tons of enterprise VC which is unique. I have no problem hiring talent in Boston, and the numbers I snag engineers for are high, but nothing like the "500k salary and 2 million in stock" articles I hear about happening in SV. Also, the whole argument that it's harder to raise money if you are in [insert any place except Silicon Valley] is suspect. My company raised money from investors in Boston, SV, and overseas, as investors were most concerned with our business, not where we were located. As long as you can hire good talent and have a solid business, you won't have trouble raising money as long as you can jump on a plane. The issue is when you are chasing dollars for a failing business, or have no revenue. I just think it's the wrong way to look at things. It's better to cut 30,000 to save the company, than to keep everyone hired and wait for every employee to be out of work. I find it very odd also. As a highly technical person who has drank the apple kool aid, use mostly apple products, pay for iCloud subscription, etc. it strikes me as a desperate move to attack your competitor on its home turf. Especially when you are literally the most valuable company on the planet. I'm a millennial and I go to parties all the time. I chose my apartment partly on party-throwing amenities. And my social network has parties too. Maybe it's just the city (Boston)? House parties have always been a big thing for me throughout college and after. Does anyone honestly believe that the government doesn't collect every single email, phone call, message, credit card transaction, etc. or have the capability to query a database to get it if needed? You need to accept that the war is already lost. When you are doing something that needs to be protected, use end to end crypto. And buy things in cash > We solve problems in cancer genomics that make trains run faster. Uh... sure... Despite what I would like to be true, I know from experience that alcohol cannot possibly be healthy for me. Even with only 3 drinks, I feel slightly off the next day, and if I binge and drink 6 to 10, I feel awful. Plus, my memory feels a little fuzzier for a bit too. I love alcohol and I don't plan on abstaining. But I don't fool myself that it might be healthy for me. Drinking is a calculated decision, that I enjoy it more than the risks to my health. My company, like most companies, relies on an enormous amount of open source code in order to construct a closed source product. We have also contributed to open source, and have plans to contribute more. There are certain things that help everyone without jeopardizing our business, and other things that are too valuable to share. We cannot force a company to open source code without an extraordinarily good reason. I believe in open source and support it, but at the application level it is a trickier issue. He said it himself - it took years of prep work to get that job offer. Why did it take so long? Because there is a strong desire to get into the industry, lots of potential candidates, and he didn't seem to have any connections that would get him an easy foot in the door. Plus zero experience in that role other than internships. In his situation, I would have just taken the offer and cranked for a year, then demanded more money. And if they refused, it should be far easier to find a new job with actual experience. A year of being frugal isn't that bad for entry into your dream career. Having a college degree sends a signal that you can dedicate yourself to education and follow through. I find employees with college degrees are better than those without, regardless of degree. I suggest getting a degree and putting in some hustle to get out with zero or little debt. Scholarship, side jobs, whatever it takes. In America, higher education is not free, unlike high school. Our society will always make you pay, that is reality. The way to get around this is to get scholarships, which are not that hard to get provided you work hard and dedicate yourself in high school. I think in the USA college is too expensive, but I'm not convinced it should be free. I like the idea of students actually having some skin in the game. Also I don't want tax dollars to pay for someone to study poetry for 4 years for free. You'll get into a situation like Norway, where it takes a master's to get a foot in the door, and no one gets a job until they are 30. Mobile Device Management (MDM). Blackberry got the ball rolling in the early 2000's, but it was the release of iPhone and Android that got vendors rich. Apple and Google created API's and enrollment processes to manage devices (device lock, wipe, etc.). Companies created software to consume those API's, the biggest being AirWatch, Mobile Iron, and MaaS360. AirWatch was acquired by VMware for $1.5billion in 2014 and Mobile Iron went public, rising 22% in the first day of trading. MaaS360 was acquired by IBM for several hundred million. At first, license fees were high, competition wasn't too fierce, and the market was booming. Then many more low-cost players moved in. Open source MDM software appeared. One company (Miradore) gives MDM away for free to hook customers on IT management fees and various other upsells. Mobile Iron stock is down 70% for the year. I was listening to an NPR podcast this morning and heard an advertisement for a product named Bushel doing Apple MDM. I think the definition of commoditized tech is when you hear companies advertising on NPR. My take on the situation is that it's risky to build a core business merely consuming other company's API's. Doing analysis and more advanced things, sure. But simply executing an API command is not special. The MDM list of features is completely controlled by Apple and Android manufacturers, and anytime they release a new feature, every MDM player instantly gets access to it. The only differentiation between products becomes how effectively they use the pre-existing API's (scaling, integration with other enterprise products, etc.) and pricing. This obviously becomes a race-to-the-bottom on pricing, destroying margins. The reason I know so much about this is that I work at a company called Apperian, focusing on Mobile Application Management (MAM). We use to compete with the MDM guys, but it's a completely different game now. All of our core technology is unique, most of it is patented / patent pending, and we solve problems that the MDM API's cannot. We dominate the MAM industry, although niche and much smaller than the MDM sector, is growing very quickly. It would be extremely difficult and costly for a company to implement what we do, in contrast to the MDM guys. It's been very interesting to watch the rise and fall of big players, as our sales keep booming. I will keep watching the drama unfold. MDM uses operating system level API's provided by the vendors (Apple, Google). These require the device to be enrolled with management software (Airwatch, Mobile Iron, etc.). MAM vendors like Apperian use various other techniques to manage the applications and their data only. The device is completely irrelevant, because we only care about the app. We do this through clever use of API's and a technology called 'App Wrapping'. This takes the mobile app, decompiles it into machine code, and very carefully injects new security features directly into the decompiled app. This allows adding security features like data at rest, analytics, etc. without needing any OS level API's. https://www.apperian.com/mam-blog/app-wrapping-lets-get-tech... Are you looking for a job? We are hiring now for solid engineers. seibeljames@gmail.com or jseibel@apperian.com. We are doing some very interesting tech for governments / corporations with high-security clearance needs. I can explain much more in depth if this interests you I simply can't trust or rely upon a country where laws don't matter. Sure, in the United States, money buys you better representation, as it does everywhere. But in China, Russia, etc. being disliked by the government can be a death sentence. Start your company in China, fine. You'll move to a western country eventually, if you get big enough, and China doesn't reform. You simply can't trust a society where the laws don't apply equally. There isn't an Apple, Google, or Microsoft coming out of China. Instead, you get Ali Baba and Weibo that clone American startups. I won't consider China a threat to American innovation until they get a true rule of law, democracy, and intellectual property rights. This is a tall order that won't be fulfilled anytime soon. IP rights are the least important. I strongly believe that a protocol needs to exist to expel the top government leader(s) using non-violence to prevent corruption. Any system that exists without transparency and checks & balances ultimately results in corruption. FIFA is a perfect recent example. Irrelevant to the topic of innovation. I strongly dislike how gun rights, black lives matter, anti-police, etc. people have tried to warp many conversations on HN to this topic. I get it, USA has issues, stop trying to force the discussion everywhere. USA does not put citizens in reeducation camps for tweeting about their dislike for their leader. China will have you murdered if you agitate enough. The discrepancies in the two countries in how they handle dissent could not be farther apart. I wish USA's police did not kill so many people. But Obama does not have dissidents executed for their thought crimes. You should be happy you can post open dissent about the USA on a public internet forum. In many countries, such as China, this is a dangerous move. This is good advice! First came my love for sushi, then the condo, then the BMW, and now I can't live poor anymore. I found serial interesting for a few episodes, then she started spending hours analyzing the memories and text messages of high school students and it quickly became exhausting to listen to. I hope the guy gets a fair trial but it was simply a slog to listen to. Sometimes I use pinterest when I'm looking for cooking inspiration. It is absolutely nothing like 4chan, I have no idea what you are talking about. I love my iPad. When I'm in bed or relaxing on the couch, it's the perfect form factor for screwing around on the internet. RoboVM has been free for libgdx users. Xanarin is disliked by independent developers for its pricing structure. Will RoboVM remain free to use? I hope so Thanks badlogic. Can you provide any details about why libGDX gets special treatment? I'm curious badlogic, I can't reply to a comment thread going as deep as your last comment. Did Xamarin specifically put in the acquisition that it will remain free for libGDX developers? Because my faith in Xamarin is not high that they won't remove free integration with RoboVM, as Xamarin loves charging developers high prices, and thus me developing games using libGDX and RoboVM becomes a risky decision. What kind of job would you get with a PhD in "Future Studies"? My gut tells me that this is bad. However, intellectually I know that our court system is heavily skewed towards people and organizations with lots of money. So if this is a tool to help level the playing field, I'm all for it. If this swamps the courts, all the better, because that will force legislators to act, which will then cause a debate, which will be useful to society. Anything any rich person wants to do to improve education, I'm for it. The system is so broken for so many people that I welcome any attempt at reform. And the rich have the best chance of fighting the entrenched interests that prohibit improvements to education. If a college has a huge communications program and a smaller engineering program, it would be ranked less because of pay disparities. This methodology is simply inaccurate Boston born, raised, now professional. Best city I've seen, although Amsterdam is a close second. If you like software and despise San Francisco (as I do), Boston has the 2nd most VC investment in the world, and is #2 globally for software development. And Boston focuses traditionally on B2B rather than vague B2C stuff which is rife in SF. Go Boston! apperian.com | Boston, MA, USA | Full Stack Web Developer | ONSITE | Full Time Apperian is the industry leader in Mobile Application Management. We help companies distribute and secure mobile apps to their employees without using public app stores. Key to our security model is "App Wrapping", a technology that takes a mobile app, disassembles it into machine code, and runs algorithms on it to automatically modify the code to add new features. This allows customers to easily add features to all of their apps with a few clicks. We are looking for a full stack developer to join the team working on the administrator portal. The stack is JavaScript (Backbone / Handlebars), Python, PHP, and a little bit of nodejs. We have lots of interesting problems to work on. We are at the cutting edge of enterprise mobility and are growing rapidly. Email me at jseibel@apperian.com with a brief cover letter and resume. I originally thought this was a bad idea, then changed my mind. I was going to contribute to the fork but decided not to. What sealed it was several competitors to RoboVM emailed me directly after seeing my posts in the RoboVM fork message boards begging me to help them. No one wants to pay for anything anymore. RoboVM made the right decision. What a pompous, ridiculous article. I feel like the author was smelling his or her own farts the entire time they were writing this I prefer to refer to myself as a software engineer rather than a developer, although I do use the terms interchangeably. I like to distinguish between my vision of engineers, who have CS degrees and understand software at a very deep level, and programmers, who use the tools that are provided to them. Of course, this is just semantics, and at the end of the day, it's all intellectual masturbation. Puff piece by a guy trying to get people to use his startup. I think it's actually way worse to use his technology to automatically move money around your accounts. I like to be on top of where my money is. And "emergencies" happen several times a year. In a few month span I had to replace a water heater, then a dishwasher, then tires on my car. Several thousand bucks of expenses in a couple months. Having to withdraw from a 401k for life's unexpected issues is insanity. I wrote a long argument but deleted it all in favor of this. Everyone needs to toughen the fuck up and stop being offended so easily. Someone insults you for being different? Welcome to real life, get some thicker skin. This company has 121 MILLION in funding [1]. Can this possibly be true? Why would I need my refrigerator to mine bitcoin? [1] https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/21e6#/entity All the encryption tools needed are public and open source. Putting backdoors into Skype, iOS Messages, etc. isn't going to get terrorists. My experience is that buying likes, views, installs, etc. works for niche products that need to rise in rankings. You rise a few spots, then organic kicks in, and you have just the edge needed to take over the competition. Let's say you find some hyper-specific niche, like calculators for some obscure section of the American tax code. Very, very useful for a small amount of people. So you throw together an app in less than a day and put it on the app store. The market is so small, that there really isn't room for more than 1 app, and it's so specific, people aren't going to really bother searching around. So being the first or second app they see when they search "section XYZ tax calculator" is critical to getting any installs. As the app stores algorithms for thinly installed apps basically come to down to total installs, followed by rating, followed by recent updates, paying $5 on fiver for a hundred installs can really make a difference. Once you rise enough, people start finding you organically, they install, you rise higher, and it becomes a feedback loop. This is a contrived example, but if you can make apps and want to sling ads as a way to earn money on the side, it can really help. Remember HN, this blog post was brought to you by 121 MILLION in VC funding! As someone who has spent years building software on top of compiled android binaries, as in, adding features to apps with nothing more than the APK (no source code), I can say that what they are building is not only difficult but quite fragile. I have the benefit of customers who agree to certain OS versions and specific app versions. MS wants it to work universally with every app. It's possible to get it close enough that getting any single app to work is a few tweaks, but very hard to get it to the last mile, where every app "just works". My current company, Apperian, is the industry leader in a technology called "App Wrapping", for which we have several patents pending (I'm only there for another week, I'm leaving after nearly 6 years for a new adventure). Read more here: https://www.apperian.com/mobile-application-management/mobil... iOS is different, but on Android we run the decompiled binaries through software making heavy use of finite state machines to alter the Dalvik VM code. These alterations allow us to automatically add features like SSO, analytics, security, self-updating apps, etc. to native apps without the customers making any code changes. Because the binaries are provided to us by customers, and distributed 100% outside of the official App Stores, the risk of app-breaking updates is much reduced. Over the years the technology has matured a great amount, and most apps "just work", but we still get apps that have some edge case we didn't think of, that requires manual intervention by engineering to update the wrapping software. Now, the use-case that MS has is different from Apperian's, but similar enough that I can imagine what they are going through, especially trying to re-map the UI elements to native MS widgets. This is a hard problem that is difficult to nail seamlessly, and it is infeasible for them to tweak their code for every app. Even worse, the apps people want most (FB / Messenger, Google Maps, etc.) are the most complex of all, so their tech needs to be super advanced to get value out of it. If you are so weak that words hurt you, that the mere speaking of words makes you damaged, I am afraid that you need psychological help. I feel for men and women who face real dangers. I don't feel for Yale students who must listen to scary ideas. This is anecdotal (is it really that anecdotal?), but I have been called so many names throughout my life, and my response is almost always "go fuck yourself", whether said out loud (in so many words) or internally. I honestly don't care, and the bullies don't stop me. Adults don't need institutions to protect them from name calling and hurtful words. Children do. Should someone be arrested for saying a racist slur? I'm honestly curious about your opinion. An email about costumes and culture vs. hundreds of 4channers threatening physical violence and assault are entirely different things. An idea, which is free speech, and harassment, which is what you are suggesting, are entirely different things. I think it would give me a good perspective on the comment author's mindset, which is why I am curious. But do you, vacri, see a huge gap between completely destroying a professor's life, i.e. forcing them to resign their position, give up their salary, tenure, and reputation (which is what these students were asking), and going to prison? Going to prison implies all of the former, it's just an extra debasement on the other penalties, although an extreme one. The Economist has its quirks, one of which is to never assign attribution. The newspaper itself stands behind everything printed. If you disagree with the article, you disagree with the institution's opinion. Shouting fire in a crowded theater is not covered by free speech. An email explaining an idea about halloween costumes and culture is. Yeah, I mean, sorry they closed down, but an Android only niche product doesn't scream "sustainable business model" to me. In a previous article about crazy rents in SF I argued that increasing supply of housing reduced the price of rent [1], aka, supply and demand. HN commenters went apoplectic. It amazes me how basic economics is so hard for many intelligent people to understand. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/threads?id=seibelj&next=1018868... If you disagree with the sentiment that having 200k more units in SF would reduce prices, then you fail to understand basic economics. Now, if you are saying that building 200k more units is impractical, I wouldn't disagree. I'm just saying that the solution boils down to 3 options: increasing supply, reducing demand, or both. That's all there is. You can warp natural economics and impose rent control, mandated affordable housing, etc. but nothing but those 3 options will make any real difference. I was a loyal giganews user for 10+ years. Then the content creators started getting content pulled very quickly, sometimes within days of upload, and the whole thing started becoming a huge hassle. By this point I was making enough money that $30 a month split between a few streaming services and a few bucks occasionally for a movie on amazon prime wasn't a big deal. It feels good to pay for quality. But as a young kid, who wanted to experience so many types of media and no means to pay, usenet was the best. Piracy is the perfect thing for kids interested in computers to use. It's complex, you need to figure stuff out, takes a lot of time (which kids have), and the reward for doing so is free content. But once you get old and are time-poor and have the money, it's not really needed anymore. Could this have anything to do with the crackdown on for-profit (and often poor quality) universities that used to vacuum up low income students? Throughout the history of innovation, eliminating jobs did not eliminate work. New jobs sprang up. This has happened over and over. If you think that the deprecation of hundreds of thousands of jobs will mean that hundreds of thousands of people can't work anymore, you are sorely mistaken. This is a fallacy intelligent people have fallen into throughout the centuries. Automation and computers have been doing their jobs for decades now, and America is still at 5% unemployment. I'll keep betting on capitalism while others continue to think, "this time is different". It used to take many people to plow a field. Then the steel plow was invented, and it only took 1 person. The work got done with only 1 person. Now if a robot can do it, that's only 1 additional job eliminated. It is certainly precedented. It used to take a professional to work an elevator. Then it became so easy that we didn't need an elevator man. The work got done without any person. Do users actually hate "app clutter"? I have plenty of apps I only use rarely, but when I need them, I need them. Space isn't a concern unless it's a huge game or downloads tons of media. 100MB or less is nothing. Many companies have built software products on top of this tool. I was heavily involved in enterprise apps for several years. It's a great tool One reason I prefer college graduates to the self-taught / bootcamp types is that the college grads had years to let the concepts simmer in their minds. This is because of time. You can't cram for 8 weeks at a bootcamp and truly understand things, it takes years. But a prisoner, all they have is time. All the time in the world. Someone with a passion and desire to learn to code while locked up, and with access to the correct resources, could really learn this stuff and learn it well. I hope this spreads. AdMob, interstitial (full screen) mobile ads, holy shit. Highest pay rates I have ever seen. The clash of clans style freemium games pay through the roof. Finally! The ban doesn't make any economic sense to me. It's a free market, let them sell it globally. There are plenty of open source projects to help you do that (re: github). Proprietary software's source code is not meant to be read unless the developers specifically want it to be. The web allowing it for JavaScript was a happy accident, that is basically gone now with the uglifiers. ... or at night, in the rain, really anyplace except the perfect sunny days of mountain view and Austin ... And now we must rely on each OS to implement their own version of a virtual firmware, and do comparisons between different implementations, etc. etc. etc. The whole thing sounds so pendantic, like "See? We are TECHNICALLY CORRECT!" Compared to the other theranos article on top of HN right now, this one is far more damning. The whistle blower is claiming that even the herpes test, the only test the FDA has approved, had its results altered in some way to pass the FDA's requirements. If this is true, what does theranos even have left? I went to Boston University for my undergrad degree, one of the most expensive schools in the USA. Current tuition / room / board is $63k, and another $3k is estimated for expenses [1]. If you could lock in these rates, a 4-year degree would be $264k. But that is assuming a lock-in. Costs increased 3.7% this year [2]. If there was a 3.7% increase every year during your 4 years, you would pay $279k for a 4 year degree. This is a $15k increase over 4 years. What's even worse, because of the magic of compound interest, only 9 years after you graduate, yearly costs would be $102k per year. I personally see this as insanity. It will have to self correct itself, because no one can afford those fees. So how does BU get away with it now? Primarily through allowing any foreigner with the ability to pay in, regardless of their educational merits. BU has a massive amount of Asian, Indian, Eastern European, and Middle Eastern students who pay the full costs. Anecdotally, a man in my freshman dorm was the young scion of a wealthy family from Dubai, worth over $100 million. US students rarely pay the full tuition, which is why the outrage isn't so large. [1] http://www.bu.edu/admissions/admitted/tuition-and-fees/ [2] http://www.bu.edu/today/2015/bu-tuition-and-fees-to-increase... McDonald's: "With all of the antibiotics in our livestock, you can be sure we killed the E-Coli" A puff piece about a struggling online retailer. Seems like a typical submarine article to me [0] [0] http://paulgraham.com/submarine.html Perhaps the issue isn't that a STEM career is a vow of poverty. I have met many people who are quite wealthy in STEM. I have personally done very well. In America we have become good at identifying talent, and promoting it. And we reward people higher up much more than people lower down the ladder. I'm not going to say whether I think it's good or bad, but it's quite clear the the rich are getting richer, while the rest stay the same. It just amazes me that you could spend your whole life working as a tax panner in a family office, when you aren't even related to that family. An entire career devoted to helping a single super rich family avoid taxes. What a life! $30m in funding and all that's left is an SDK that could be done in a month in a lean startup, implemented by contractors. That CEO's career is in tatters What was up with all the racist stuff? Totally bizarre Source for that slogan? Can't find it anywhere Absolutely delivered, one of the reasons Boston is such an amazing city. If you like European style cities, Boston is the only one USA has and it's awesome. Boston is filled with college students and skilled professionals. The skilled professionals work in tech, biotech, finance, and healthcare primarily. Boston is an amazing city that any one who is tiring of the SF/SV scene should seriously consider. Even if that's true, so you really want to move (potentially) every month? And actually live in a hostel for an entire year? There's more to life than money For all of you dreamers with side projects (like me): red hat open shift has a free tier with free ssl I strongly dislike cities that are primarily sprawl that are common throughout the USA. For example, Oklahoma City is essentially a giant strip mall with few buildings above 2 stories. It depressed the shit out of me. I very much like dense dense cities with good public transportation. Removing the disgusting sprawl is the only way I would move to Atlanta, Houston, DC, etc. I can imagine the photographer saying, "We need a hacker shot, look like you stay up all night coding alone in your dark apartment. Excellent" how would your website ever make money? Why would someone post a sweepstakes? As much as NYC people want it to happen, they don't have the universities or the concentration of talent that Boston does. The numbers prove reality http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/228709 > This is not bragging. The most absurd statement ever written by tucker max Thank you for this very detailed and interesting write up. Tried the boot camp route, went to demo day and chose our 6 favorite, out of those 6 interviews we hired 3, one turned out to be pretty good but honestly needed so much hand holding it wasn't worth it in the long run. Plus all of the boot camps have been putting 6 figure dreams in their head which is truly unjustifiable for their experience. If I want entry level, I'll go with college grads, just way less headache. No, the number 5 is prime, yet in binary it is 101. The new prime number could have many zeroes interspersed with ones, so you don't know how many 1 digits it has. EDIT: I have realized my mistake in the representation of 2's complement. However, I will leave this here for posterity. Interesting article, but my opinion after seeing the documentary is that there is enough reasonable doubt to declare Avery not guilty. Maybe he did do it, but with all of the bullshit that happened during the investigation (the car key in plain sight, the cop calling in the license plate days before the car was officially found, the evidence tape cut on the blood vial, absence of blood in the bedroom despite the bloody and vicious confession from the nephew) the whole thing is beyond ridiculous. IBM has an incredible salesforce with connections to every government in the world. They were resellers for some of my last company's software and the countries and companies they closed were unbelievable, and impossible for any startup to have a chance of selling into on their own. The big companies and governments that is IBM's bread and butter do not purchase hot new SaaS products from 10 person companies. They want stable, functional, enterprise software that integrates with a bunch of ancient systems and can run on-premises (private cloud). My drug of choice is placebo. The more I use, the better it gets. I recommend it to everyone Whenever I see a highly technical article on HN with many upvotes and few comments, I know it will be quality. Nothing much needs to be said, it stands on its own. Great work. "Certain types of people", you mean non-citizens? The H1B lets non-US citizens into the country, ostensibly to fill a supposed skills gap. In reality, most H1B's issued are to replace high paid citizens with lower paid, low benefits immigrants. Whether you think this is good or bad, it isn't xenophobia or racism, it's a dollars and cents issue. I started drinking in 8th grade, moved to marijuana soon after, and did many drugs in high school. I did many stupid things, and graduated with barely a 3.0. I was a "wild child", and although I was raised by a very intelligent and successful single mother, she said I couldn't be controlled and thought giving me freedom was the best solution for me. In college, I had sort of a "been there, done that" attitude to parties and substances while many of my peers were just starting to experiment. I realized that this was my chance, and if I didn't buckle down and study, I was going to wind up a failure in my own eyes. Would I want what I went through for my own kids? No. In hindsight I would have put more boundaries and controls on myself. But I turned out OK. There's hope for everyone. Start with the premise that the single most important factor that determines startup success is hiring quality talent, specifically engineers and scientists. High quality engineers and scientists are currently a small percentage of the entire world's population. They are attracted to areas where they can find jobs, and usually stick around universities. Going with that premise, would you rather start your company in Oklahoma City or Boston? And if you are an investor, would you rather invest in a tech startup in Oklahoma City or Boston? Finally, as an engineer, I highly value the quality of the area I live. There is literally nothing that could make me move to sprawling city like Oklahoma City, Kansas City, Atlanta, Houston, Phoenix, Detroit, etc. Nothing short of an environmental or man made disaster that made all highly desirable, walkable, densely packed cities unlivable. And so it is with many people, I'm sure. Have you ever actually lived in OKC? It is an awful quality of life for many reasons. I highly recommend not living there. If investing is only about rent and salaries, you may as well hire in Sub-Saharan Africa. Lots of tech talent lives there, I'm sure. Has anyone tried out this technology? What is it like? It's just so hard for me to imagine investing so many billions before any product is released 1 hour of work per month, $100k per year, each hour of his time was worth nearly $10k. Cool story but I never would have sold. This is the ultimate side business. Sorry to do a hit piece, I just have never seen such a difference between what was promised and what was delivered. If you are just doing a wordpress clone and never ACTUALLY promised to use AI, why dress it up in all this AI nonsense? I seriously doubt you are auto resizing your CSS using neural networks. Atlassian bitbucket is fine for me, and it gives free private repos. If you just want something for side projects without all of the bells and whistles, bitbucket is fine It is logical to require you to have a license to fill a cavity for safety reasons. It is not logical to require a license to cut hair. Yes, it will boost earnings of barbers, who are generally lower-middle class, but it simply doesn't make logical sense. If you want organic growth, don't charge money for your app. Period. No one wants to pay money for something they can't even try, unless they are positive they know it will work for them. For example, I paid money for the Pure ad blocker because it had tons of positive reviews and coverage in the NYT. But this will not be you. Make money on ads, paid upgrades (remove ads, get premium features), and subscriptions. Show that you have value first, then it becomes very clear how much more value someone can get by paying a little extra. Especially for mobile apps, ad revenue is very high right now as freemium games and VC money has flooded the market. I get as high as $5 per click, usually around $1-2, which is much higher than it used to be. Admob, finance category apps Banner and interstitial, interstitial happens every 5 minutes. Often people open my app several times a day just to check their financial status, triggering an interstitial every time. I'm sure finance ads pay very well. What mobile ad networks do you recommend for higher payouts? I would love to experiment. Haven't used them, will check it out, thanks for the tip I worked in government mobile security for many years, until last November. Many agencies are indeed rolling out iPhones and scaling back on blackberries finally Aren't there terms of service that prohibit you from reverse engineering their software and profiting from it? I want to build a mobile app on top of a private reverse engineered API and my lawyer says it could jeopardize my LLC's assets if we get sued Seriously? When the entire country has been forced to endure decades of stagnant wages, crippling debt, and the two major presidential candidates are a socialist and a fascist, you are surprised that people want the most babied, prima donna group of workers to ever walk the earth to get their comeuppance? An entire group of engineers who complain about 6 figure salaries and how hard it is to live on them? I'm one of the group, I'm exactly the person I just described, I'm just not shocked in the slightest. I hear a voice when I read, but what's amazing is that I hear a British voice when I read The Economist. TE uses various britishisms, but even in the parts that don't, I always hear some brit reading to me. It's partly why I like reading it so much. If it's scientifically proven that a drop of blood can't be accurate, what is the alternative to going into the vein? Maybe you wipe down the wrist with alcohol, then put on a cuff link apparatus that simultaneously takes 20 drops of blood. I think this works better for people who don't want to schedule their entire lives around an airbnb calendar. If you have a room / guest house to rent, and you don't have hired help, you need to be there. Ruins the spontaneity of life, like if I want to take a few days off to go on a getaway. I could see this being useful as a seller. However, as a buyer, it's risky. You need to trust that a room will always be available with your expectations, and you won't know until the same day. It would stress me out. You cannot use the strip SDK for iOS devices. IAP only. And by that I mean, any situation where you want to purchase something in-app (an upgrade, premium service, etc.) and not a transaction for a real-world good. Real world goods can be purchased using whatever, but digital goods must use IAP. The fact this decision was made shows that non-engineers are calling all of the shots. Would love to hear from any engineer at venmo / paypal who can give the inside scoop I just have a lower risk tolerance than a lot of people. I am totally down with creating something new, I just refuse to leave a job that pays the bills to do it. If you work 40-50 hours a week at your real job, that still leaves 10-50 hours per week to work on your own thing, depending on how driven you are, how much stuff you scheduled that week, etc. Startups are so risky that it's way better to reduce your risk any way possible. Of course, if you go the VC funded route and want to be huge, then go for glory and quit your job. But if you want to build a smaller, steadier side business that you grow over a longer time, don't quit your day job. Indeed, but I found it amusing. Ally Bank? Lexapro (Escitalopram) saved my life. I don't care what any meta-analysis says: years of diet, exercise, and meditation did 5% of what 1 month of Lexapro did for me. I will take it until I die. For those interested: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8863 Once everyone and their grandmother started investing in index funds, I knew it was time to pull out. I do Greenblatt's magic formula [0] strategy now, it's doing pretty well even in this down market. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magic_formula_investing Yes, chrome extension so that next to the +1 button is a way to chip in money, and adds a comment to the issue like "seibelj pledged $10 to this issue". paid informants != agents Many speech tech startups are sued endlessly over patents [0], primarily by Nuance, and then when things look hopeless, Nuance offers to buy and make all the lawsuits go away [1]. How do you view this situation, and how will you fight the lawsuits? [0] http://techcrunch.com/2011/06/09/nuance-sues-vlingo-again-ov... [1] http://techcrunch.com/2011/12/20/after-years-of-patent-litig... Insane? http://www.bizjournals.com/boston/blog/mass-high-tech/2008/0... List of all acquisitions: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nuance_Communications#Nuance_a... In the Boston tech scene, it is pretty well-known what Nuance does and why, and is one of the primary reasons I am very against software patents, despite having several to my name. Does anyone know anybody who has ever ordered something from jet.com? No one I've asked has ever heard of it, and they did an enormous media blitz in Boston. I honestly have no idea what this website does or what its purpose is. Is it for commenting? I couldn't figure that out. It seems like you've glued together various websites and search engines into a single page. Why would I use this? The article is a chain of economic fallacies. > Modern economies are increasingly based around information. Information "wants to be free"—as the saying goes—but free things are bad for capitalism, because capitalism is about competition and making profits. Tons of companies are based on providing information. Even if the information is public, sorting it and providing it efficiently has real value (such as google). Others do their own private research and re-sell it. Capitalists use and contribute to open source software. This statement is absurd. > In time, technology is likely to drive many things to "zero marginal cost." Energy, for example, won't be subject to market forces. We'll just have a solar panel on the roof and each kilowatt hour will essentially be free. In this "energy is free" economy, who will be building and providing me with my free solar panels, and then installing and maintaining the electrical system in my home or business? What happens when it's cloudy? This whole article is like a undergraduate philosophy student who thinks he or she has the silver bullet for humanity, if only people would listen! And this is why Americans have such an issue with socialism, it's the exact ethos that makes people want to reduce / remove the welfare state. An able-bodied 30 year old, who has never had a job, lives off the state, and feels justified in this situation. So are they building their own plane, and launching a new airline? Will they also sell the plane to other airlines? Or is this trying to be vertically integrated, like Apple / Tesla? Also, I echo the other sentiments here about the name, really don't want to fly on an airline named "Boom". Nor "Explode", "Kapow", or "Blast". And god forbid if one of their planes crashes during test flights, the PR nightmare that would result. I know people who work in enterprise customer support, on expensive software applications, that are far more complex tickets than just refunds and bug reports. They make good money. Another guy I knew moved from support into being a "sales engineer", which is basically helping to sell software to the more technically minded, demo it properly, assist with integrations, etc. That's also well-paying. Bottom-line is, if you come out of college with an English degree and want to work in tech, you need to get your foot in the door somehow, and support is an option. No idea why you are being downvoted. Supply and demand, this is Economics 101. I have made the same arguments about SF and people downvote me too. The #1 way to decrease rent is to build more supply. If there was double the apartments in SF, the rent would not be as high. The large amount of python standard packages is clearly a benefit for Python. Node should start a vetting process to be included into a standard package system, and start moving in key libs, then host official doc. I guarantee that the weaknesses of the NPM ecosystem are already known and exploited by bad actors. There are people who earn large 6 figure salaries / consulting fees for finding and exploiting these issues. This is a wakeup call that we need to do something about it. Wow! This guy has no idea what the fuck he's talking about Do you buy a single one of these as a consumer, then put a bottle into it? Or is every bottle like this? Or do you buy a unit, then special bottles which only go into the unit? If you are a founder and go out to raise money with the goal of becoming a unicorn, whether for ego / PR / hiring purposes, you are an idiot. I think a lot of companies wanted this label for no rational reason, and this is a symptom of that craze. Uhhh doesn't a VC need to close out their position eventually? And mark a return on their fund? If you take VC money you can't be private forever, you need to be acquired or go public. "We have a lack of supply, I agree. But building more supply makes it worse!!!" You are sorely mistaken Not enough companies bootstrap. Some people work 45 hours / week at their job and 55 hours / week on their side business. That is less risky to me than taking investment and working 100 hours / week on a VC funded business. > realistiic reloading, slide action, [0] Typo alert, right on front page, first paragraph [0] https://iliumvr.com/ I worked at a company that had to resell its software through a disabled, veteran-owned sole proprietorship so that the TSA could find budget to purchase it. The way it was described to me was that a portion of the budget is earmarked for these businesses, so if the primary technology purchasing budget runs out, you can still sell to the TSA if you resell through one of these businesses. Essentially, the reseller took a cut for doing nothing, and fleeced the American taxpayer for a few hundred thousand dollars. I'm sure this happens all the time. Don't have an opinion on any of this, but how many of the population you calculate are citizens over the age of 18? And what would be saved from the US budget by eliminating various existing programs that would be superfluous by UBI? Red Hat Openshift has a solid free tier, free SSL, git push deployments, node / ruby / python / java / php / etc., mysql / postgres, redis. Why would I use this over that? https://www.openshift.com/ Valid point, but there is a fairly robust open source community that provides many more packages (called cartridges in openshift lingo) than are officially supported [0] [0] https://github.com/icflorescu/openshift-cartridge-nodejs I'm intrigued, I live in Boston and am a software engineer, shoot me an email if you'd like to get coffee. seibeljames@gmail.com Follow up - I met with Alex (suncho) and he is a rational, reasonable person with a strong passion and belief in his idea. The idea fascinates me, I will be thinking about it for some time, and personally investing when it is released. Alex - I recommend you get a website and white paper out, and a forum to discuss this with like minded people. You can always sign an offer letter, and reneg later if a better offer comes along. I've done that before. The recruiter even had the balls to say, "You know, you signed a contract, it's a legal document." And I replied, "Massachusetts is an at-will state, just imagine me starting at 9:00am on the start date, and quitting at 9:01am." No one can force you to do anything, this isn't North Korea. I work at startups, the company I pulled this with folded 2 months ago. As someone whose been both an engineer and a manager, I really don't care about feelings when it comes to my life. I'm not going to work some place out of "honor" and waste years of my life if a better opportunity comes along. I like to push the boundaries of what is acceptable to say in public, both online with accounts tied to my real identity and with friends, coworkers, etc. This is a dangerous game and I'm sure someday it will get me in more serious trouble than the occasional hurt feeling. If someone is motivated enough, they can take offense with every little thing you say. I'm not commenting on any aspect of what Greg said or did. But kudos to anyone anywhere who says something that isn't 100% politically correct. The term "politically correct" means following and believing a view that is in the majority of your area. I disagree with political dogma from both ends of the spectrum, and people hold various beliefs without ever really thinking of why they have them. In relation to the article, I agree that America is capitalist, and I don't have any issue with gentrification and forcing out poor people from an area that becomes expensive. What drives me nuts is that people accept that they need to move to SF, NYC, Boston, etc. in order to get the job they want, but you are morally obligated to feel bad about doing it, and pay lip service to the people you forced out. If you really agreed with this, you wouldn't have moved in! I think it's the hypocrisy that drives me bananas. Engaged to woman met on Tinder, met her at 26, disagree I read an FAQ on neo-reactionism and it's totally insane. But I would be fine with the guy lecturing about computers if he knew his stuff. Honestly I find intelligent, rational people who come to radically different conclusions about society to be fascinating. On the other hand, if Hitler himself was alive and gave a speech on art, I wouldn't want to hear it because of his politics and actions. So clearly there is a spectrum for me, and at some point the politics become so bad I can't stand the person. Also, by giving this person a speaking role, he becomes more authoritative in all subjects, so it probably is better not to help him. In summary, lots to think about! Somewhat unrelated, but a lot of people complain about Boston being too expensive, like SF or NYC, but honestly you can live downtown inexpensively if you live in Chinatown, or within subway distance if you live in Jamaica Plain, Dorchester, or Roxbury, which become cheaper (and less safe) in that order. You don't need to live in Cambridge / Somerville / Back Bay / Seaport. If you are seriously considering moving to Pittsburgh or someplace similar because of cost, look at Boston, which is way closer culturally to Silicon Valley than any second tier tech city, and don't focus on living in the prime locations. But compared to SF or NYC, it's significantly cheaper, and you can receive a salary close to what is expected in SF or NYC. Sometimes my significant other and I go out, sometimes we stay in! It's almost like we do different things depending on our moods, schedules, and the weather outside... It would be a travesty if RoboVM, a formerly open source project, did not re-open source their code before shutting down. I can't imagine there is any value to their code sitting in some closed Microsoft repository until the end of time. My personal theory that the path to becoming one of these 'red pill' people goes like this: -Naturally unsuccessful with women, because of personality / looks / etc. -Sense of entitlement, where this person "deserves" to have women desire them, specifically attractive women. -Discovers some sort of methodology that is supposed to help them get women, such as pick up artist communities. -Techniques fail to help them get women. -Warped sense of reality develops, where it isn't their own fault that they can't get women to love them, it's society's / women's / feminists / someone else's fault. -Intense hatred and fear of the opposite sex, supported by a reactionary ideology that permits their beliefs and behavior. Anyone can have an attitude of entitlement. I have observed it in both genders and in various life circumstances. Focusing on women shows your bias. Reviews are easily gamed, which seems to be the number one way to rank higher, and releasing a new version of an app wipes out reviews, which penalizes apps that are frequently improved and rewards forgotten apps. This is also driving the development of frameworks and tools that allow app updates without going through the App Store, such as react native, which I assume Apple doesn't want to encourage. Please reward apps that provide real value, that people constantly use after installing, rather than apps that game the system. Why would people use his property to park cars? The developer would purchase property and include a driveway / garage. You are being ridiculous. The problem is that regulations wouldn't allow an 8 family home. I live in a dense area and there are single families, triple deckers, and apartment complexes all around me. Welcome to Boston Curious what the head gear looked like. Also, the vibrations of the models were very jarring to me, I could barely look at it anymore by the time the video ended. Obviously this is amazing technology, but I can't adopt it until 1) It doesn't make me sick, and 2) I don't look like a total doofus while using it. I don't think the article fully articulates many people's visceral hatred for medallion cabs. Everyone I know who used to take cabs regularly has a horror story. It was an industry begging and pleading for someone to disrupt them. Most people don't feel the same way about restaurants and grocery stores. The solution is so blindingly obvious: You are creating AI not to replace humans, but to assist humans. If your humans can manage 50 emails per hour, you judge the quality of improvements to the AI on how any more emails per hour they can handle. This is from improving the tools humans use to completely eliminating the human from the equation in certain cases. Then your customers need to rate the quality of the service to see if automatically handled emails had the side-effect of reducing quality, which then needs to be weighed against the cost savings. Did he really have to pay for his daughter's wedding? It's like 4000 words about how poor he is then somehow he finds many thousands for a totally unnecessary expense His comparisons of computer files to public goods are meaningless. Think of a web service. It is the same as any other type of service, physical or virtual. It does a job. It costs money to maintain. It charges money to users. Competitors can create competing services. No where in here is the web service a public good. The point the author was making was that computer files are fundamentally different than physical goods. But software engineers don't produce "computer files" for sale. They make products and services. Whether it's a file or not is meaningless, and the abstract idea of a "computer file" being a public good is inaccurate. If self-driving cars become anything like what armchair futurists are predicting within 10 years, I'll eat my hat. The on-demand car that picks you up and drives you around while you sleep is a long, long way away. Pleading with people not to mess up your data is guaranteed to lead to problems. You can't rely on the goodwill of anonymous internet people. You will need a flagging system, moderators, etc. Thanks for your write up. After my own failed attempt I came to the conclusion that any product based primarily on aggregating products that others sell is a failed model. You are a middle man in an already thin-margin industry and are competing directly with shops (who are incentivized to have customers come directly to them and bypass you) and other aggregators. It would be better if you became a drop shipper and sold the products yourself. Much more control, and the audience you were building with ads would have stayed. eBay is not forwarding you to third-party websites in order to purchase products. They are listing products directly. The company the author was creating forwarded you to someone else. In return the store paid a monthly fee. Essentially this company was targeted lead-gen, and stores paid a fee for them to do the work and drive traffic. Yes I understand the thought process, but as you wrote in detail, it was a failed model. The benefits to being an aggregator (lack of stock and shipping headaches) is far outweighed by the negatives (lack of control, competition, lack of loyalty, little money). If you were building a shopping platform, and getting loyalty, perhaps you should have just sold the items yourself. The experience would have been much better, for sure. Bot / human hybrids are so obviously the future, not bots only, as the experience they provide is shit except for specific things which are easier done with menus. Reducing the complexity of app notifications is worth forcing your users to interact with you like a bash terminal? There is a reason we have modern UI widgets, windows, buttons, etc. This is amazing! But question - where is RoboVM? Please release to MIT license so it doesn't waste all of the work done so far. Perfect, so open source it so the community can continue, it's still #1 for the moment and libGDX might be better served by it than intel This means that anyone who uses freenet can have a warrant against them. I would attack the warrant itself. From what I remember about freenet (it's been many years since I looked into it), plausible deniability is given because each node is requesting keys that another node requested. For instance, if node A wants file X, then A will request X from B, C, and D, who will in turn request it from more nodes, and no one knows who the original requester was. So every person on freenet is holding a cache of data that other nodes have requested, and has no idea what was requested, and are themselves requesting files on behalf of other nodes which they have no idea about. In summary, if you are on freenet, you are not only requesting your own files, but files on behalf of others, some of which could potentially be illegal material. If being on freenet and requesting a key (even for someone else) is enough to get a warrant, all people using freenet from a traceable IP should immediately get off freenet . I don't know anyone who uses it, I thought tor superseded it, but this sets a very dangerous precedent. The defense should be reaching out to a computer scientist who can explain the fundamentals to the court. Perhaps the next big change could be in transportation and infrastructure. If someone could reasonably commute to Boston from NYC (or vice versa) via a 250mph bullet train, wouldn't that increase productivity? I can't follow any of this. I'm not sure how moving some place, getting an apartment, getting a job, paying taxes, etc. (aka "living") constitutes "mooching and freeloading". I think you need to take Rhetoric 101 again. Did you build Austin? What constitutes a "local"? No one anywhere in America (or anywhere on Earth that I'm aware of) is required to pay a "foreigner tax" for moving into another city within the same country, which they are already a citizen of. Everything is supply and demand, everything is a push and pull. If Austin is bursting at the seams, it will take a few years for investment and policies to relax it. If Austin starts to empty out, slowly the city will shrink. The ebbs and flows of change are always happening, nothing is constant, everything is in motion. Austin is better served by attracting people than it is by pushing people away. If rust can be compiled to LLVM, then emscripten can be the backend to asm JS This is the last piece needed to allow multi-threaded code with shared state to emscripten [0]. A very good thing indeed [0] http://kripken.github.io/emscripten-site/docs/porting/guidel... This is the last piece needed to allow multi-threaded code with shared state to emscripten [0]. A very good thing indeed [0] http://kripken.github.io/emscripten-site/docs/porting/guidel... Hopefully my side business won't tank! Plug for LendingClub mobile apps: iOS: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/lendingclub-order/id10461141... Android: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jamesys.le... Thanks dang, I thought the community was OK with self promotion provided they followed those guidelines. "Trivial as a text editor" I wonder if you spend 8 hours a day staring at a text editor... I recommend you make your own if it's so trivial I have no comment, but that was a poorly written, rambling article. It's also 3 years old. The Atlantic usually has higher quality content. Well, a focus on profitably is much better than a focus on becoming a unicorn (no matter how bad the terms) As a Boston native, I have spoken with multiple people who worked for / knew people who worked for karma loop. It (was?) a company that grew in spite of its culture / founder. Lots of drinking, open drug use, sex in the office, etc. Apparently the parties were wild, though! It's also described in various articles about the company, if you want to read more. I post with an account linked to my real life persona and I stand by what I say. So all of that drama, name calling, sam altman posts, etc. ended with them agreeing that he was indeed a co-founder? Honestly the only people who really know what happens between two people, are those two people. So you are saying, without in-depth knowledge about the situation, that even though they settled and publicly agreed that he was indeed a cofounder, that he is lying and Cruise is wrong? I choose to believe the court record. If you found a security flaw in ethereum / DAO and stole a bunch of money, is it even illegal? Also, that guy who put 1/3 of his life savings into DAO is out of his mind I'm not disagreeing with you, but it's ironic that the article states he also lost his shirt in Bitcoin when mtgox was hacked. yes Yes YES! One thousand times yes! I previously worked at a SaaS mobile device management company (apperian) that took the on-prem plunge to score big enterprise / government contracts. The ops / support team quadrupled and there were so many headaches. This article nailed it. I made my side project profitable quickly with a relentless focus on costs. The only fees I have are to Apple (dev license) and Delaware (for the LLC). Any service I wanted, I found an open source project and figured it out. I use the free tier at red hat open shift for hosting. If you let yourself get nickel and dimed by layering on SaaS products, you won't get anywhere. Of course, I'm talking about building a profitable, low-touch side business, not a mega company. This is where business sense comes in. If you want to make money, your number one goal isn't to have fun and learn something. If you want to work on something fun, then build what you want to build but don't expect to make any money. If you want to make money, you need to build what the market needs. If your enjoyment and the market intersects, that's amazing, congratulations. However, this is unlikely. Once you accept that you are building a business, not a fun side project, you can start to think about how one lonely developer can make money. Preferably with spending as little money as possible to reduce risk. So to answer your question specifically - you target a market that people organically search for in the app store, with zero (or totally inadequate) options currently available. You will then immediately rank #1 or close to it, users will find you, and you will dominate without spending anything on marketing. How do you find a niche like this? I could keep writing, but really this needs to be in a long blog post to summarize all of the different pieces of the "successful one-man side software business" puzzle. It isn't impossible but it's much harder than you wish it would be. No one pays money for something that is easy. My interpretation of a business is a repeatable mechanism for generating profit. Starting a business takes lots of effort and time. Once you have it running, a good software side business should take very little time. You put the time in at the beginning. Once it's working, you should be able to make money without trying. By using pay-for SaaS companies, you might save time, but as a one-man developer, I'm not in a race for success. I want to build something that lasts ideally for years if not decades that sends cash directly into my bank account. If you rely on an SaaS product, you will be paying them money for decades. And if they go out of business, you need to put more effort into finding a replacement. By building everything myself, I pay nobody anything, and the only risk is that I go out of business. And if I build more side businesses, I can reuse my existing infrastructure and reduce their costs as well. You want to build something that people find and continuously use. So even if you only get 5 new users a day, after a few years you have many thousands of users. What do people continuously use over years? Think tools, things that improve their productivity, things that help them. Monetization is pretty easy, as mobile ads pay well, and you can charge an SaaS subscription to remove ads, or consumables to get extra features. A free install is critical or no one will use it, charge on upsells within a free app. This is an inexact science. This is inherently a risky endeavor, with a high probability of failure. You need to be mentally prepared to fail. Good luck For many things building it yourself doesn't take that much longer than doing an integration with a SaaS product. Usually I need 1 or 2 features that are a small piece of a much larger product. server monitoring to ensure that it responds and is running. I solved it with a cron job. Lots of other server monitoring software with bells and whistles, didn't need it Interviewed at a company called Rakuten Loyalty in Boston a few years ago. At that time it was the exact same thing, a malware / adware browser toolbar company, and they also sold white label toolbars. Took me the entire interview to figure out what they actually did. Their website [0] now has very little information about what they actually do, with a generic contact form. But an archive.org [1] of their old website shows the truth. Funny how they hide what they actually do now. [0] http://www.rakutenrewards.com/ [1] https://web.archive.org/web/20121216021038/http://rakutenloy... I think it's more that all types of software tech companies have been overvalued, rather than a specific cloud-based company problem. If it's a pure software product that works in a web browser, like marketo and zenefits seem to be, then you could stop innovation and maintain it with minimal development for a good long time. Anecdotally, my father has been doing tech support for a product that hasn't seen any new features in over 10 years, but customers keep paying for it. His team is only 5 support people and a part-time developer loaned from another department who fixes an occasional bug. It makes many millions of dollars every year, and my dad doesn't even make $60k, so you can do the math. If a company wants to sell-out to PE and stop innovating, good for them. That's the nature of business, and it opens up the market for a more innovative company. If you like this sort of thing, the Unresolved Mysteries subreddit [0] is a great resource. Some plausible theories include avalanches and military experiments [1] [2]. You could waste many days reading through Wikipedia's Unusual Articles [3]. If you like aliens, here are two worthwhile reads: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barney_and_Betty_Hill https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Travis_Walton_UFO_incident Good luck sleeping with the lights off tonight :) [0] https://www.reddit.com/r/UnresolvedMysteries/ [1] https://www.reddit.com/r/UnresolvedMysteries/comments/1u031h... [2] https://www.reddit.com/r/UnresolvedMysteries/comments/2q5bih... [3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Unusual_articles Please don't down vote this comment. He is making a salient point about why it might not be a good idea to quit at such an early stage. Whether it was the right decision for Contract Beast or not, he is trying to provide a counterpoint to the idea of giving up by providing an alternative anecdote. Some people in a similar situation could use the boost. Here's my idea for getting more money to open source. Someone please implement it, I'm too busy right now. Central repository (database with website and API frontends) that contains links to donation pages for all open source software. This is crowdsourced information. So if you search for "spark", apache spark appears with link to donation page, and of course more obscure packages will be added as well. Then a CLI tool is written that scans your code base. This is an open source tool, so for node it will look in NPM packages, for C projects it will look at the make files, etc. Developers can write custom code to detect their own packages if it's not standard. The output of the CLI tool calls an API at the central repository that creates a report, so you can go to the URL and see all the open source packages you use and links to donate to them. Now, here is the final piece that would make it so much better, but is more difficult: the central repository itself is a non-profit organization, so instead of having to go to each library's donation page, you donate directly to the central repo (perhaps a set amount every month), and once a month the central repo donates all of the amounts taken in. So if you only want to donate $10 a month, but use 500 open source projects, that's OK, because once a month the central repo will add up all the donations and donate one lump sum. Of course you can change the ratios of donations if you want, so some projects get more of your donation per month than others, and you can remove projects you don't want to donate to even if you use them. In this way, individuals and companies can fairly compensate all the developers of the open source software they use, easily and fairly, in the amount they can afford. At the end of the year, you only have to write off your donations to the central repo, and not the hundreds of open source projects, as the central repo is a non profit. Thoughts? I think the first step is a website that has all of the donation information. This has a search engine to query projects, and the ability to submit / edit information like a wiki. This step needs to happen first. Once this is working, you can start building tools off of this information, like the rest API and the scanning tool. That's a superb idea, but I think that would happen after first getting the basic donation information. I will set up a website to gather this with a description of what the project is trying to accomplish, and see if it gets any traction. Thanks! I'll shoot you an email I'm not sure I follow your example. Why would a cleaning service use uber? The cleaner doesn't have a car, or the uber driver will also clean your house? Edit - I see what you mean now, more companies will make physical service API's We don't even know how the story ends! How can you write a movie script on this? I guess they want a trilogy? You can try an e-cigarette I'm in the process of porting libusb to chrome apps via emscripten. Once that's complete, you can port anything using it (SANE, libimobiledevice, etc.) to chrome apps I have met some good bootcamp devs, and many bad ones, but I can say for sure that good ones do exist. That being said, I wouldn't give a fresh MIT grad a dime for a new startup. Some people will (I've met them) but it's just too risky. You need to learn from senior devs, I learned the most from grey beards. I'm not sure how this works. I submit random snippets of my own code, then others get paid for reading it? Then if enough people read it I can approve people for jobs? Very confusing landing page Finally, an explanation of ethereum that makes sense! I am fascinated with prediction markets, is there an existing place to do this now with ethereum? There are many options for mobile app debugging / analytics already, I feel like these founders just want to start something... anything... Maybe it's time to take some time off and reflect? I've never started a company so I don't know these things, but it seems like a desperate move to me. Bored computer scientists: analyze contracts that are less popular but still have money attached to them and see if you can locate a bug. Apparently you can get the money legally and the only way to stop you is to hard fork the entire currency. No one forces anyone to live anywhere. You don't have to pay the rent. Move somewhere else, buy in an inexpensive area, etc. The mortgage interest tax deduction is a handout but otherwise the government isn't propping up anyone, and there are government programs that help first time home buyers into houses with 0% down (which I think is a big mistake). On the NPR program On Point last week, a guy called in complaining that he couldn't find anything in Nashville for under $400k, and the guest responded that the average home in Nashville was around $200k. People need to realize that you don't get to live in the most desirable places just because you want to. No one has the right to live someplace, you need to pay for it, and if you can't pay then go somewhere else. Bitcoin is not going to make fiat currencies obsolete because I pay my taxes in US dollars and will always have to > The dirty rich You have no idea what you are talking about and your bias is plain I think you need to peek outside of your bubble You mean socialism didn't turn out to be a grand utopia where no one is poor and the government efficiently distributes resources? I'm totally shocked! Maybe they should nationalize a few more industries and throw more capitalists in prison Socialism requires that the government has more resources and thus more power. Therefore socialist governments are more likely to become corrupted and mismanaged. For me, lots of failure, some moderate success, hang in there. You always learn from anything you do Where are your [citations]? I was arguing with a friend that convicted felons shouldn't be discriminated against in job searches, or they will never become upstanding members of society. Then later I was thinking about how someday I'm going to rent out my apartment. And if I do a background check on a tenant, and it turns out they are a convicted felon, I honestly couldn't let them rent the apartment because it's too risky. I feel bad about it, but when it comes to risking my own assets, I can't do it! I love Boston, I grew up here, went to school here, work here. The transformation taking place over the last 10 years has been incredible. Disregard people who want things to never change. At least Boston lets people build, unlike in SF. If you aren't a total pussy you can buy in JP or Roxbury and get an affordable place [0]. Everyone wants to live like their rich, and if they can't all they do is bitch. Yes, rich people have money and therefore buy nice things. There is still plenty to go around. [0] http://www.zillow.com/homes/for_sale/Roxbury-Boston-MA/54232... in a thick boston accent yah get the fuck outta here kid! ;-) pussy because people whine they can't live in the single most desirable part of the entire city, and are too afraid to live where they can afford bitch is a verb, pussy is an adjective for someone who refuses to live in an area because it's "too dangerous" > all they do is bitch verb Think critically when reading this book, it contains a lot of fluff and self aggrandizing. It was self published, and the author(s) claimed it would be a "paradigm shift" in science, with very little impact after a decade+. [0] [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_New_Kind_of_Science#Receptio... I don't think it's that crazy, it's five 12 hour days and then 10 hours over the weekend. It's a lot of work, but without kids and other responsibilities it's doable. 70 hours of working is usually only 40-50 of real programming / hardcore thinking, there's always internet surfing, lunch, chit chat, etc. mingled in. Penalizing a single industry makes no sense. Either increase payroll taxes across the board for every industry, or you are literally saying that tech jobs are "worse" than other jobs and must be punished in order to make up for how they harm the city. Totally ridiculous, populist idiocy. I also disagree with targeted tax breaks to specific industries, but at least they entice rather than repel companies. Taxing a specific industry via referendum smacks of pandering for votes. A city tax makes far more sense than saying, "Anyone who works for a company in industry XYZ pays more taxes because we hate your entire business category". I have no comment or opinion about your "social safety net" idea. What kind of signal does this send to tech companies? Also, see the failed Massachusetts tech tax that caused lots of controversy before being repealed [0] [0] http://readwrite.com/2013/09/27/massachusetts-tech-tax-repea... As someone who built the most popular iOS / Android app for Lending Club investors [0], I can tell you that since the CEO resigned - New users have fallen by 50% per month, although of course users to my app are a fraction of total new users, but you can extrapolate - Total net, users are withdrawing about as much money as users are putting in - The amount of loans purchased has dropped significantly So without a doubt, retail investors know what's going on and fear for the safety of their investments. [0] https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/lendingclub-order/id10461141... There is a rich ecosystem of LC apps and services because of LC's open API. The only thing the API's allow you to do is invest in loans and transfer money in and out of your account. I would be quite shocked if any service (such as lending robot) is able to operate without recording any transactions occurring. I hope users wouldn't be offended by the (very general) information revealed above, but I suppose some could. That is amazing! Some killer instincts in you, make your own competition to kill the other competition. Incredible That language is atrocious! That has to be compiled / transpiled from something higher level Ethereum is such a mess! I have a close friend that invested $12k in ether, then the value increased to $40k, then he invested a ton into the DAO, which tanked, then he doubled down and purchased even more DAO at a discount on the assumption of a fork that would reimburse DAO tokens to parity and he would make a killing. He's sweating bullets over all of this. Last night he was going nuts over the soft fork crisis. I don't know how he does it, $12k is a lot for him It isn't the normal driving that makes self-driving cars so difficult. It's the edge cases that will be multiplied significantly when a large fraction of the cars are self driving. It will take decades, not "5 years from now" (which I have been hearing for years) to get these systems to work. Stealth Startup | Marketing Help Needed I'm a full-time software engineer who works on many different side businesses (with some success). I need someone to help with marketing a new technology product I'm building. I'm interested in an equity partner rather than an employee, but a contractor is OK too. The product is in the reputation space. I'm located in Boston, but any remote person is OK, provided you speak English and know about marketing. I can provide more details over a phone call. Email in profile I read it a year ago and just reread it now. I thoroughly enjoyed it, the author sounds like a very unique person to do this. I read through some of the high level docs, but can someone simply explain how a user discovers other nodes in the network? I started reading the netDB docs [0] but it was pretty dense. [0] https://geti2p.net/en/docs/how/network-database OK, so you put your IP address into several centralized DB's on the regular internet, then when I2P starts it randomly fetches from one of those repositories. That's really cool! Do you have any visualization of it? I have yet to meet one single person who can logically explain to me why drugs should be 100% illegal. I've heard, "Would you want cocaine available at 7/11?" No, I don't want cocaine available at 7/11. But if you can already buy any drug on the street, a doctor should be able to prescribe medicinal heroin to an addict and get them into the system to monitor them for treatment, with the end goal of getting them off of drugs. Putting unknown chemicals of varying strength and quality into their vein is what kills addicts. They do not typically OD because they are suicidal, it's because they unknowingly bought an extra strong stamp and then die. I grew up in Massachusetts, and had a high school graduating class of around 300 people, and 6 people have died of overdoses in the last 10 years. One of the most popular girls in my class died a few months ago. I firmly believe that allowing her (and everyone else) to get her opioids prescribed would at the minimum keep her from overdosing, and let people who care know she has a problem. Dying on a toilet with a needle still in your arm is a terrible, useless way to die. I don't follow your logic. A 7 year old swallows drain cleaner, so we should ban drain cleaner? A shame that happened, but irrelevant to the discussion. You think that by banning opiates no one will get opiates? The methadone clinic two blocks from my apartment, and the people who panhandle around it and the subway station, and the needles I walk past when I cut through the tennis court, do not show the government's laws are solving the problem. As a physician you may see the emotional side, but logically I would love to hear your solutions to the problem. Yes, my logic is simple: stop trying to ban victimless crimes like drug use. A grown adult wants to inject himself with heroin? Let him. By banning the drug you create a black market, and all of the crimes that entails. The USA tried to ban alcohol, and the bootleggers won. Take all of the money we put into the war on drugs and redirect it to treatment, and tax the shit out of the drugs to pay for our schools. Banning stealing, rape, and child pornography is nothing like banning drugs. Completely, totally, 100% unrelated and by trying to loop all of them together you disregard logic and sane, rational arguments. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin%27s_law I wish this was parody, the whole thing reads like an engineer's nightmare. You know what makes me happy as an engineer? Never having to work at expensify. EPA allows biodiesel refiners to make up their own serial numbers. They sell the numbers in excel spreadsheets to oil companies. No one ever verifies that the numbers match real barrels of biodiesel. Criminals moved in I highly recommend reading Life and Death in Shanghai by Nien Cheng [0]. It's a factual, first-hand account of the China's Cultural Revolution and what living in a communist / socialist society is really like from an educated person's perspective. My inlaws escaped Saigon when it fell and say the picture is very accurate. The socialist downfall of countries are all unique, but follow similar paths. I encourage people to understand the causes of them and how brutal and arbitrary these governments are. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life_and_Death_in_Shanghai The China during the Cultural Revolution was not a success. Millions were murdered, people starved, and a terrible stain marks that period of China's long history. It was the pro-capitalist reforms that turned China into the success it is today, and as China starts to falter with it's unmanageable debt and unproductive, government-directed parts of the economy, the reforms will inevitably be capitalist, pro-market solutions that remove the state and promote competition. So yes, some economies can succeed despite their socialist, government-controlled economic policies, but when things start to fail, solutions all point to the markets. When I say socialism and communism, I mean that the government regulates the economy or large pieces of it. Successful "socialist" western democracies are free-market economies that have higher taxes to provide a social safety net. I wish we could call that "empathetic capitalism". It always amazes me when people vehemently defend the USSR and similar, especially in a place like HN. The USSR was nothing like the United States. You did not start a "radish and milk" store in the USSR without approval from the government. To argue that the USSR was anything remotely close to a free market is absurd and a dangerous reinterpretation of established history. I'm afraid you have very skewed, incorrect understanding of facts and of human nature. No one had a monopoly on "creating the internet". The government pays for basic, fundamental research, and as a consequence of those investments a new technology we call The Internet was created. A good use of public money, but trying to use the invention of the internet to argue that the US government is controlling the economy is a total misunderstanding of basic facts. Amazon has earned my trust in every serious interaction I've had with them (live in USA and have prime subscription). Package never arrived? Reimbursed. Next day shipping and it took 2 days? Reimbursed. "New" book from reseller is clearly marked up with underlines and notes? Free book, no need to ship it back. The trust I have with this company is the reason why I order from them so consistently, even if they are more expensive. People in India are surely learning the same thing. I am confident they will handle it based only on the history I have with them. Killing the golden goose to protect a bunch of thieves makes zero sense. But companies have made worse mistakes, so who knows. We used this for a project before, just be aware that the DOM changes regularly for gmail, and if an API you rely on breaks you will be SOL until someone fixes it. We were creating a chrome / firefox extensions to manipulate the gmail UI, the project was unrelated to email protocols (but I understand the snark ;-) ) Someone probably has another exploit queued up, so they can immediately create the need for another fork. Ethereum contracts have a giant target on them for security researchers who want to earn money. The issue is that gmail will update at anytime, without warning, so there will always be a period when your service will break. And you need to have unit tests running often to figure out when it breaks, and have a dev on call 24/7 to ensure a speedy fix. This is a universal problem with extensions targeting website DOM's, but worse if you have an SaaS product that has an SLA. An MVP for a startup we never got any traction on :) Totally my opinion but react is simply the best way to create user interfaces, regardless of language. If someone made react using Python targeting GTK components it would be the best. The one way data flow and flux architecture is superior to other UI frameworks I've used. All of the components are totally independent. You pass functions as props for events that happen inside of the component, and choose to use whatever storage mechanism you want. Maybe you don't fully understand how react works. Or you can earn $150k a year, put the excess into savings, and retire N years earlier. Which is part of the reason I find the "once you hit $75k a year money doesn't make you happy" arguments meaningless. Please, anyone with too much income, shoot me an email. I just disagree with the entire argument. What is "baseline"? I would be so much happier if I had a private sushi chef who made me dinner every night. I would be so much happier if I had a personal trainer who gave me a workout twice a day, every day. I would be so much happier if I had enough money to only work on topics that interested me, and quit anytime I feel like it. I would be so much happier if I could pay for college for everyone in my city so that everyone had equal access to higher education. My answer to "how much money would make you happy" is infinite. There will always be something I spend money on to make myself happier. I use the Magic Formula[0] strategy because index funds are too boring for me. It's a value strategy and you have to hold for a year, but it's fun to see your stocks rise (and fall). [0] https://www.magicformulainvesting.com/ I work for a very wealthy man, and he bought everyone in the company an Amazon Echo because he thought it was a fascinating device. Honestly I agree, it's a very clever gadget and I constantly find more things to use it for. For instance, I just fit out my apartment with Phillips Hue lights, and when I walk in the door I ask Alexa to turn on the lights, and the whole place lights up. Give it a try I seriously doubt the returns. The publisher calculator said that switching to them would earn 7x what I make from normal ads. If anyone could accomplish that, they would instantly be successful and bought for a huge premium by FB, Google, etc. You could try to make a non-trivial application in C, such as something using IPC / sockets. You could try to make a game. You could try to make a UI application using GTK or similar UI framework. You could start contributing to an open source project (there are so many official GNU C projects). You could try to write a server that implements a simple protocol from the RFC (such as socks5)[0]. Also look into C build systems like cmake or autotools. [0] https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1928.txt Mobile app ads keep paying more and more. I'm regularly getting $1 per click, and sometimes as high as $5 (finance category). I can't remember ever getting this much for websites. I'm using google admob Its mobile apps, not websites. Banners and interstitials in finance mobile apps. I live in Boston. Until uber, the minimum taxi fair was $6, they always had broken credit card machines, and there was never enough cabs when you needed them. I remember s New Year's Eve where we had to promise the dispatcher we would pay a $100 tip to get anyone to pick us up. The "reducing drunk driving" theory was a happy side effect but ultimately not important. Über destroyed a a BS industry full of idiots and made it professional and reliable. Holy shit - I just read this entire thread. The taxis services in Boston "have an average-to-good reputation"? What planet are you living on? Yeah, most of the time it can be OK, but the fact that everyone who regularly takes cabs in Boston has some horror story, shows you just how bad the situation is (or was, rather, thanks to Uber). By your own admission, you live(d) in Cambridge, which is not Boston! Completely different cab companies, rules, medallions, etc. I can't say shit about it up there. But in Boston, where I've lived for over a decade, it totally sucks! You are out of you god damn mind! Stop talking about things you don't know! As your mass amount of down votes show, you are talking out of your ass, so don't even bother. As we say in Boston, get the fuck outta here with that shit, kid! Taxis are the WORST This is exactly like The Grid, even down to their landing page marketing. The grid was such an obvious fuck-up I wrote an article about it several months ago [0]. I have never seen such a difference between hype ("AI Will design your web page - Never hire an engineer again!") and reality ("Everything looks like shit and takes forever, get your refund fast before we go broke"). [0] https://medium.com/@seibelj/the-grid-over-promise-under-deli... Lola Travel https://www.lolatravel.com/ | Boston, MA, USA | Full-time, ONSITE | Front-end / Node.js / JavaScript software engineers Lola is a modern travel agency. We are trying to bring humans back into travel planning. We are a 24/7 chat-app using real live travel agents, assisted by AI and a very sophisticated back-end control panel to help them efficiently plan the best trips possible. Our front-end uses React, Node, and soon a React-Native stack to build tools for our travel agents. We are well-funded, and are approximately 50 people and growing quickly. Our founder is Paul English, co-founder of Kayak.com. Email james@lolatravel.com if interested > On the desktop, Brave provides a 40% to 60% speed increase, and a 2x to 4x speed increase on mobile devices. Mobile users see a direct reduction in both battery and data plan consumption. Brave also protects users with privacy and security features such as HTTPS Everywhere to encrypt data traffic, fingerprinting shields, phishing protection, malware filtering, and script blocking. Maybe this is a good enough argument to get people to install it. But I seriously doubt you will get people to voluntarily pay money, which is slowly paid out as they surf the web, when the alternative is a free browsing experience with a standard ad blocker. Also, all of their listed benefits to users is accessible on all other major browsers now with existing extensions. This person's phrasing of his / her sentiment is a tad off-putting, which is why I imagine people are downvoting, but honestly I see it as the same way: I made a TCP request and fetched your data. How my data display device (i.e. web browser) displays it is up to me. If I choose to alter it or enhance it, that's up to me. It was your decision to send me your data, not to tell me how to display it. Well, if they made me register an account and agree to a ToS, I think it changes things. I have now signed an agreement, and the data is only delivered through an authenticated manner. But if it's publicly available, like a blog post, I don't see how you can place any restrictions on me. I think you are speaking about ethics, and you can try to convince me that my ethics are inferior to your ethics, and I can try to convince you that my ethics are better than your ethics, but that becomes a parlor game. Surely, a blind person has a need to display the data retrieved differently? Perhaps your ethics change for the disabled? I've gone off topic, but the point is, if the ad-supported business model is failing, that's a problem for business to solve, not pleas to my "morality". Let me shift the conversation, and say that by the time you are trying to save an industry by arguing about morals, it is effectively doomed. A simple technical fix (installing an adblocker), a fix which is not illegal and in fact hundreds of millions of people do, renders the whole discussion moot. I think what many adtech companies have done is immoral. Excessive data use, tracking, distraction, and so on. But that's my opinion. Whose really in the "right" here? Does it matter? A new model will have to emerge, or at least a tweaked one. The adtech industry destroyed trust and angered people, thus motivating people to find a solution. Now businesses are springing up, like Brave, to solve the issue. Can you outlaw ad blocking? No. Can you force me to use a certain web browser? No. So what are you going to do about it? Whine on HN about unethical assholes like me? I think innovation and creativity will have to crack the nut. While there are certainly nuances and specifics to marketing independent software, the truth is that market research, market validation, business plans, customer service, etc. are skills that are independent and not tightly coupled with software. Reading entrepreneur / business / marketing books can be very useful. You can take lessons learned from one business and apply it to your software business. But yes, I've been looking for a a place where sharp solo tech entrepreneurs can talk, and even created a failed slack channel once, but I have yet to find it. FB shouldn't even bother, it's their company vs millions of extremely motivated people who hate their ads. My bet is on the adblockers A few years ago I worked on a project where my company was contracted to build a small piece of a much larger system by IBM. IBM was managing many different contractors. We needed a way to "securely" show a picture, aka not using the pre-installed image showing app. So IBM spent tens of thousands of dollars to build a new Android app that displayed a picture passed to it via an intent. I told our product guy that I could build it in an hour for free, but he said it wasn't our problem. In our twice-weekly status calls, we would ask about when the "image showing app" would arrive, and we heard all about the minutiae of building that app, from getting a PM, to finding a partner in India, to QA, to issues with the app, back to the contractor, and finally to us, where it was buggy as hell and never worked right. Completely mind boggling, and very enlightening about how IBM (and I'm sure other big vendors) operate. I don't think you're wrong, it's just amusing that something so simple became such a gigantic mess when put through the IBM process. It's food for thought. I always use Zoho[0] for email on new websites I start that need a custom domain. It's the only web-based email provider I've found that is free for custom domains and modern looking. [0] https://www.zoho.com/ In a portfolio as large as Calpers, doesn't putting some money in an asset that has a 10 year return of 5.6% not a bad idea? I'm sure they need to be diversified. Dokku is the greatest, makes personal projects so pleasant to manage Can anyone succinctly explain the benefits of having a market for private health insurance companies, rather than a single provider of health insurance (government, aka "public option")? Can a capitalist case be made for their existence? Does the lack of a large private insurance market in countries with government-provided health insurance cause lots of inefficiencies and waste? I am launching a new product (VPN router permanently connected to anonymous VPN) within a month, I don't want to link to the website yet because it's a WIP. Send me an email (in profile) if you are interested. My understanding of a hedge fund is simply an organization that is given the freedom to make any type of investment using any type of strategy they want[0]. They raise millions, and for a set period of time the people who gave them the millions cannot pull it out, allowing them to execute strategies that may not make any money for several years, which is different from a traditional investment organization. So all the author is saying is that giving a "black box" a lot of money, and letting it opaquely invest however it wants, will be a winning investment strategy in the future, even though right now it isn't working out so well. [0] Of course they have documents that explain the strategy, agree to certain things, etc. I'm simplifying it a bit. Is it really possible to have an "observer" of a self driving vehicle step in to save it in the event of an emergency? If you trust the vehicle for thousands of hours, and it never has a problem, you would of course start sleeping, reading, watching movies, etc. while it drives. The act of driving keeps you engaged, watching a car drive itself would be beyond boring. How to pick good Lending Club loans: C or B only. 3 years only. Minimum income 70k. No defaults, late payments, public records, collections, etc. (not a single one! even from 5 years ago!). DTI no higher than 70. Do not lend for medical, business, or wedding. No monthly payment higher than $500. No one with less than 2 years at current job. If you want to do the machine learning analysis, go ahead, you'll come to the same result I did. This is optimized for minimal defaults while still getting a solid return (~10%). I keep LC as a small amount of total investment portfolio, but there is certainly money to be made. Neat trick - the only change I made is to exit the while loop by typing "exit". That way the enter key runs the command with no arguments, and you can exit with control+c or by typing "exit". People are way, way, WAY underestimating how long it will be before "self driving car picks you up, takes you to location". If we don't have self-driving cars everywhere on highways moving cargo, then we won't have self-driving taxi cabs for many years after whenever that happens. City driving, where Uber can actually make money with the density of people, is the hardest driving of all, and will be the last place where self-driving cars without any human operator take over. Yes, if you have a commonly used command that has "exit" as a commonly used flag that means something other than exiting, then by all means use something more specific like "exit2". I recommend the associated book[0] to everyone who asks me about programming book recommendations. The book arrives, and you are shocked at how small it is, just a few hundred pages. If you follow all of the exercises, you get an understanding of how logic works inside of processors (logic gates, adders, etc.), how machine code drives them, how assembly maps to machine code, how a basic virtual machine language (like the JVM) can compile to assembly, then how a higher level language is designed and compiled to the VM. After doing all of this, you make Tetris in the high level language. It's a badass book, super well-written, and what I consider an essential text. [0] https://www.amazon.com/Elements-Computing-Systems-Building-P... That makes absolutely no difference. Nothing about the fundamentals of computer systems has changed significantly in 30 years let alone 11 I have met people who not only police everyone's behavior and speech for minor deviations from political correctness, but are constantly worried about how their thoughts are not meeting their own high standards. There is a difference between saying things in a public forum and thinking them when you see something crazy on the street. I just think living that way would be totally exhausting and remove a lot of fun from life. This is another reason why activists decry "old boys' clubs" or cliques that form at school and work. Some people just want to hang out with people where saying an off color joke doesn't ruin your fucking life. I believe that the purpose of YC is to start new businesses. Starting a new business that successfully penetrates an existing market or creates a new market is extremely difficult. The new business brings something unique to the market. In YC's case that is usually technology. For example, if a company creates a website that brings new efficiencies to a market by applying the latest open source technology, that's a great boon to society and absolutely should be funded by YC, even if it isn't "cutting edge" in your definition. If your desire to create slightly more work units causes you to drop acid daily, maybe you should re-evaluate your relationship with creating work units. Some 18 year olds fight in wars and die. Other 18 year olds cry and throw tantrums when someone says a word that they don't like hearing. The world we live in! If someone denies the holocaust and promotes slavery, don't they have the right to express their views? It's a very slippery slope when you let someone (you? me?) decide what speech is too dangerous to hear. Shouting fire in a crowded theater is dangerous, but letting some whacko spout about why slavery is good is entirely different. Last time I commented on something similar to this[0], the downvotes came in strong and some physician told me I was out of my mind to want drugs legalized. I guess an article that makes the same argument more effectively keeps all the drug warriors from commenting. [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=12067684 Are affiliate links allowed on HN? I thought they were banned Landing page: > WrkRiot pulls signals from your resume and matches them to job posts. That's right, we do the searching for you. We'll be updating this section with videos, walk thru's and more. "walk thru's"? This website looks like garbage That is DEFINITELY the company The issue is that I trust Google more than I trust "random startup XYZ" with all of my email, which contains personal information, medical documents, financial statements, etc. I hope to god they make testing them easier. If you set a subscription to annual, then your test account can only test it every hour (and it used to be every 4 hours).[0] Imagine during development and testing only being able to verify your code flow every hour! I changed to "non-renewing subscriptions" to avoid this, which are essentially one-time purchases that don't require using their ridiculously awful subscription API. [0] https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/Langua... > My lead developer, Krypton-Dev, remains anonymous. I have known him and yet not known him for over two years now. Ironically, he is one of my best friends and the person whom I trust the most, by often placing the entire success or failure of Krypton in his very capable hands. > Just two days ago, I did this very thing, trust this anonymous friend with not only my business and entire life savings (don’t get me started about using personal funds to found a startup!) but, also with the investments of everyone holding Krypton’s blockchain coin, KR. > In a single sleepless night, Krypton-Dev coded this POS blockchain and Windows and Mac wallets for KR to be moved to. Can you understand why I trust this man with my business and KR holder’s investments? My admiration for his tireless dedication to Krypton knows no bounds. Holy shit this is hilarious. My understanding from this article is that the founder is not a programmer, barely understands the technology, gave her life savings to someone she knows only as an online alias, who then used it to develop their own crypto currency, and thinks that a client rewrite in C will solve all of their problems. This is truly amazing. Also, she considers this online persona her best friend. The founder is so far out of her depth, so naive, it hurts me to even consider that someone like this exists. The blog post is painful. > Rosenthal sketched a design and consulted with his parents, both of whom work in the medical industry. > By December, he had a working prototype and had acquired a patent. Parents did all of the work, and are using their kid for marketing purposes. Look at all this free press! Buyout offer doesn't exist. Pretty good marketing plan but I think the business idea is stupid. I have similar ideas, and want to start side businesses. I have succeeded a couple times. I'm about to launch a new one, send me an email (in profile) and I'll show you what I have, maybe we can bounce ideas or collaborate. I do software and certain types of hardware. This tech / company was profiled a few years ago in the NYT http://mobile.nytimes.com/2011/03/24/business/smallbusiness/... Essentially no way to profit from it, so the founder gave up I would like to buy an electric car. I live in a city, so range issues aren't a big deal. But I don't want to pay too much of a premium for an electric car, and I don't want it to look "weird". Just make your normal cars electric. I don't want to drive in something that attracts unnecessary attention for looking strange, like the i3 does.[0] Obviously the price issues won't be solved for a while, but in 5 or so years I hope to be purchasing an electric BMW, Lexus, etc. without too much of a premium. [0] http://www.bmw.ca/content/dam/bmw/common/all-models/i-series... Fair point, but I still think it looks a little off. Why not make the 3 series electric without any significant restyling? It is a well liked, high-selling model, and I don't see why you need to "weird-it-up" with odd angles and styles. You mean the same amount of quality twinkie product was created at a fraction of the cost? And this is why the old company went bankrupt? Sounds like a success story to me! What is your calculation for the proper amount of workers at the Twinkie factory? Modern technology allowed 1200 to do the work of 8000. How many workers would you mandate work at the Twinkie factory in your ideal vision of the world? Your comment is both ironic and hilarious but I'm not sure you have the perspective to understand why. Thank you for "explaining reality" to me with your "what makes the most sense" argument about why the successful turnaround of Hostess is a "crock" that is ethically dubious and screwing the common man. The bottom line is that in a capitalist society reducing costs is required to stay competitive. The only way to artificially inflate employment is to mandate it with regulations. I was curious what mandates you would have, perhaps banning robots so that all baking had to be done by hand? Or if it's not the raw employment numbers you object to, but rather the pay differential between management and labor, how would you force a multiplier that is fairer to without being gamed? I talk to people who argue views like your's regularly and they collapse when logically analyzed. I am hoping you can explain it to me better. Regardless of whether the rant is good or not, I agree that the "airpods" make you look like a huge dork, just as google glass did. I expect the SV tech types to wear them around as a badge of honor, but I doubt the urban fashionistas are going to embrace it. And the same argument was made about google glass! It will take time to see if the airpods win, but my gut says 'nope'. I know many languages but JS is what a lot of new companies need, therefore I have devoted myself to it. On my own time, I like to code in C, because it is a pleasure to use something so fast and close to the metal, and requires such a different style of programming (disciplined paranoia) and allows me maximum control over application resources. This is one of the most preposterous and masturbatory comments I have ever read on HN. Congratulations on GOING TO BROWN!!!!! and being smarter than everyone there I swear, the HN front page algorithm is easily gamed, this gets a few points quickly and it rises straight to the front page. I don't know if HN is accounting for vote rings but some penalizing should be implemented. They didn't mention blood spatter analysis! Even on the show Forensic Files, a show (which I love) that always tries to make forensic scientists look like geniuses, the blood spatter "experts" essentially throw horse blood at a wall and see which drops look like the ones at a crime scene. If they make a stabbing motion and manage to cajole the drops to look like the pictures, they say it's clear evidence that the person was stabbed. Totall bullshit. It's no longer admissible in court, but I'm sure tons of people have been wrongly convicted because of it. As someone who supports all business large and small, the #1 thing the government needs to do is get everyone taxed at the same rate. Large companies who can play games with taxes, moving profits offshore, loopholes, etc. wind up with 0 to 20% corporate tax rate while small businesses who can't afford to figure that out pay full freight of 35%. I don't know what the solution is, but until this is figured out, an enormous subsidy and competitive advantage is given to big business which small businesses cannot possibly match. Sneak, which country did you move to? What software is even patentable anymore? Some light reading of articles and wikipedia[0] makes it appear that post-Alice Supreme Court ruling anything mathematical, or anything that is an abstract idea implemented by a computer, is not patentable. I'm struggling to think of what is left. Cryptography is pure math, as is data compression. Is a specific type of UI patentable? [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_patents_under_United_... Thanks for your detailed response. I'm still confused unfortunately. So my algorithm needs something more that is subject-matter specific. As a contrived example, let's say I take the quicksort algorithm. If I add something extra, like quicksort applied to data objects tagged in a very specific way that I design, that could then be a patent? I think he/she is arguing that what people are "ooing" and "ahhing" about is not really that amazing or novel, it's the infinite number of edge cases that will kill people regularly that is difficult and will not be solved for quite some time. I'm a regular Boston driver that enjoys driving here. On any average 15 minute drive, you will see numerous examples of cars, pedestrians, and cyclists breaking laws in sometimes shocking and life threatening ways. The drivers are also extremely smart and competitive, looking for any edge they can to get where they are going faster. If self driving cars start driving here in large numbers, they are going to be the most slow, weak, taken-advantage-of cars on the road. If tailgating a self driving car makes it pull over, everyone on the road will do it. If a honk makes it pull over, everyone on the road will do it. You just can't understand the mindset of drivers here until you experience it. This is just Boston, but wait until forums, youtube, etc. of people trading tips on how to fuck with the people sleeping in their cars spring up. In a tech utopia where everyone has a self-driving car and human operators are banned, maybe it can work. But in the real world, where not everyone is a college educated rich HN user, self driving cars are going to require a very difficult-to-accomplish change in behavior to succeed. If every self driving car drives like a grandma (which they will be legally required to do, I assume), they will not be allowed to ruin the commute of Bostonians. Why do you think there are zero red light cameras in Boston, despite an epidemic of running red lights? The voters here are very particular regarding driving. I'm not arguing about the objective benefits in safety. I'm arguing that your average Joe is not going to let the nerds create a huge hassle for everyone too poor / not wanting a self driving car. This is a social issue. Anytime you put yourself out there, a not-insignificant portion of the commenters will have negative things to say. I think there is a lesson about getting thicker skin. And yes, there is no doubt that being a woman in the internet, especially a young woman, gets worse criticism and creepiness. It's a tough world I'm not approving what happened. I don't think we are going to solve this issue, as it's a problem on every website everywhere and no one has been able to keep a forum anonymous and civil at the same time without heavy handed moderators policing all speech and manually approving every comment. The easier solution is to say to yourself, "by posting this on the internet some people may be mad at me and voice their displeasure, but it's a risk I'm willing to take". It's great that you will downvote comments and encourage other to do the same. This is what non-trolls have been doing forever and that will not solve the problem on its own. The best solution is to either accept reality and ignore the haters, or even better, think up some novel, innovative solution to crack the nut of online trolls. But that is very, very hard and no one has yet succeeded. Facebook does well because no one is anonymous. Reddit is a cesspool for the opposite reason, where each subreddit is only as strong as the moderation team and the users regularly flagging content. There is a difference between "wanting other people's stuff for free" and believing that the length of copyright (life of author plus 120 years), the penalties for stealing content (5 years felony conviction plus $250,000 fine for each movie downloaded), and the techniques content owners use to get violators (mass sending of dubious lawsuits based on IP address then immediately offer to settle, similar to extortion) has made people angry at IP laws. It's actually $500k https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copyright_law_of_the_United_St... Uhhhh I forgot to respond to this before now, but hundreds every year? Here is one[0]. Another from the Media Institute shows the number of convictions per year through 2011[1]. I don't even understand your arguments. First you didn't believe the penalties were that harsh, then I showed you, then you didn't think anyone actually went to jail, then I showed you. I guess next you'll say no one has ever been executed by the state for downloading movies, so the laws are fine? [0] https://torrentfreak.com/87-months-in-prison-for-copyright-i... [1] http://www.mediainstitute.org/IPI/2011/052511.php Do not use Freenet without additional precautions like VPN. Merely using Freenet is enough to have the cops raid your house, whether guilty or innocent.[0] [0] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11590880 The documentation is more lines than the actual code is. Essentially it provides a uniform interface to multiple socket libraries. Why you would need this... I have no idea Rich people buy assets that allow them to influence the world or simply have it as a trophy. See Bezos and WaPo, John Henry and Boston Globe, Carlos Slim and the NYT. I totally see someone famous buying Twitter just to own it, or another company like Disney who just wants it to break-even. It has cultural and influential value now separate from profit. This is awesome! I like FE so much more than Flippa which has cheaper businesses but appears rife with scams. I may buy a business here someday. Even if you are morally opposed to prostitution, is there really any benefit to authorities when you remove a centralized location and move it to the street or many different websites? If you really want to manage the prostitution "problem", having it all on a single website seems like a benefit for managing and researching the issue. It's amazing how a cat will learn something in 5 seconds if they are truly motivated. They will learn a squirt gun so fast they will spook if you make one with your fingers. My cats learned what "treat" meant in a day and run to the kitchen if we say the word to them. If you are extremely paranoid about security, you generate your own primes and do a lot of (super-computer style) computation to verify their strength. I have not read this whole paper yet but it seems like there is growing concern about widely used primes published by authorities without proving how they came up with the number. Unless you are writing a Tier 1 application that needs every fancy do-hicky, I don't see the point of 100% native anymore. Use React Native, then if necessary have a devoted native developer for each platform to handle parts that absolutely have to be executed in native and provide a JavaScript API. If you are a big company with tons of money, sure, create duplicate teams to make the same app for each platform. But if you are small or just starting, React Native is the best choice. An app that uses native UI widgets is very different from a game which uses a graphics engine. The game compiles cross-platform with minimal changes. Unity is one example, another would be libGDX[0]. A game engine will give you a blank window, like an OpenGL context, which you draw raw onto. Any decent graphics library will provide useful functions for drawing 2D and 3D graphics, updating the screen, handling input, etc. to make using it easier. Making a typical UI application means reusing lots of widgets provided by the OS, like buttons and sliders, to keep things consistent and make development much faster. If you tried to build a normal UI app inside a graphics engine, you could do it, but you would have to build all widgets from scratch and it wouldn't look like a native UI app. [0] https://libgdx.badlogicgames.com/ I saw this and was instantly struck by it's resemblance to ColdFusion, which is a nightmare! Let that "language" die I work in industry, but the key to getting stuff done in a hierarchical organization is tact . I think he is a poor politician, and is clearly very unhappy about being denied tenure. I think putting out feelers and going about a new job more quietly would be more effective. Hypothetically, let's say you (the person reading this comment) want to make a big change in your organization. You identified a problem, and honestly think the solution is a fundamental change in direction. The incorrect next step is to bring up your opinion in front of the decision makers! This causes strife, anger, embarrassment, negative attention, etc. The correct plan is to quietly gauge support, get allies, make your case one-on-one, and get things going with multiple stakeholders on board. No one embarrassed, the majority in agreement. Rocking the boat publicly (as this post clearly shows he is OK with) is not the mark of good political skills. It's just tough to say whether he was truly "high impact" from his own article, giving his own opinions. Perhaps the research wasn't that good, perhaps the classes weren't that amazing. I don't know. Regardless, no one wants to work with someone who thinks they are god's gift to the world, even if they are! Which is where political / people / social skills can help immensely in avoiding career ending mistakes. Being a good manager means managing people. Dealing with people is easier when you have strong people skills. Conversely, if you put someone who has a toxic personality in charge of an organization, you might destroy the organization. Again, I'm not saying anything about his talent, because it's impossible to know without hearing all sides, which I seriously doubt will happen. I'm saying that the article, his opinions, his actions, and from what his version of events are, is sending signals that he cannot get along with his superiors / peers in a way that is mutually constructive and beneficial. Honestly, industry might be better for him, if he can find a benefactor willing to finance his research. But academia is petty and political, and from what I'm reading, his odds don't look good. In Boston, the presence of a nearby T stop massively boosts property prices, creates businesses, allows people to live without cars, and so on. Nothing improves an area holistically like mass transit improvements. When your currency goes down, expect import prices to rise. It's really that simple When you are a football player, and this is what you have been training and dreaming of your entire life, making $15mil instead of $30m, or maybe $1m instead of $2m on the low end, would not make you stop playing football and start selling insurance or whatever. And the commentary has become pretty awful. Stephen A Smith is unwatchable[0]. [0] http://www.espn.com/video/clip?id=17823563 Gotcha, I was just saying how I doubt it will result in worse player quality, at least not immediately. What would be a better language for creating a small, portable crypto library that works on embedded systems? Would you really put your trust in a brand new language? Thanks for your response! I'm going to shoot you an email, I would be interested in helping you with this project. This is something I find extremely scary, because an unusual series of events (accidental fire, accidental drowning, suicide) could be framed to look like something entirely different (arson, murder), which could drag any one of us into a nightmare. If you don't have the money to hire your own experts and a strong legal team, potentially bankrupting yourself, you are at the mercy of a motivated prosecutor with nearly unlimited resources. In 2009 a scathing report was released by the National Academy of Sciences that essentially says that blood spatter, handwriting, hair, fingerprints, and bite mark analysis are all junk science[0]. If two "experts" can look at the same evidence and come to entirely different conclusions, how is this science? It's opinion wrapped up as scientific fact. Who knows how many people are innocently convicted. It's terrifying. An excerpt from WikiPedia about hair analysis: The outcry from defense attorneys has forced the FBI to open up on disputed hair analysis matches since 2012. The Justice department began an "unprecedented" review of old cases involving hair analysis in July 2013, examining more than 21,000 cases referred to the FBI Lab's hair unit from 1982 through 1999, and including as many as 27 death penalty convictions in which FBI experts may have exaggerated the reliability of hair analysis in their testimony. The review is still in progress, but in 2015, it released findings on 268 trials examined so far in which hair analysis was used. The review concluded that in 257 of these 268 trials, the analysts gave flawed testimony that overstated the accuracy of the findings in favor of the prosecution. About 1200 cases remain to be examined. [1] [0] http://www.nytimes.com/2009/02/05/us/05forensics.html?pagewa... [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hair_analysis#Microscopic_hair... I do not support building a wall, nor building a wall and getting Mexico to pay for it. However, if I was trying to get Mexico to pay for the wall, gosh darn it this document explains coherently how to do it! You can't deny that the administration is goal-oriented. It's too much of a risk to develop a top tier app on a risky platform like whatever MS comes up with next. I've been waiting my whole life for a computer that lacks number-centricity! This is an unpopular opinion here, but I think net neutrality is too absolutist. If a company wants to pay to have all the data of an app be free for their users, that's great in my opinion. I don't want ISP's to extort small players or artificially slow down anyone. But if a company wants their video streaming app to be zero-rated by paying all the data costs, that seems like a business decision to me. Some people would rather everyone suffer than letting the market innovate on data plans. I would be happy to pay for ESPN on my Roku exactly as I do HBO Now. $10/month max, cancel anytime. I would subscribe for NFL season only and quit right after. Otherwise, I use HD antenna for local games and the occasional streaming website for a game I really want to see. I really don't care for their commentary.[0] [0] http://www.espn.com/video/clip?id=17823563 Completely anecdotal, but my depression and severe anxiety was put under control with healthy diet, exercise, mindfulness practice, and a low dose of Lexapro. I was very hesitant to use medication but it totally changed my life. Hang in there if you are struggling, I know it's so hard. I followed everything you said, but what does ASPO stand for? Cannot find it with my googles There are only so many areas where having capital and calculating the same numbers that everyone else has differently can reap great profits. I think lending is one such area. I haven't done this, but if I was going to, I would target an existing platform that big companies depend on (salesforce, slack, more niche CRM's, etc.) and create a super focused niche plugin that 1) Is not core value prop of the platform, 2) Has little chance of being duplicated by the platform, 3) Has no competition, 4) Solves a real problem companies have. For example, do research that shows that 7% of companies in industry XYZ use certain CRM. Analyze that industry and see what common use cases and pain points are. Somehow figure out what the CRM is missing for that industry. Validate the idea before building it by reaching out to said companies. There would be a lot more to it, but basically a plugin for established software a company already uses is much easier and less risk to sell when you are a small shop. Absolutely about the recurring revenue. Make it monthly or annual with a steep discount, but auto-renew. When I make mobile apps with advertisements, removing the ads is a yearly fee, not a one-time payment. Otherwise, they get lifetime benefits which does not accurately compensate me for my time, and I need to keep making new sales in perpetuity. I would rather get die-hard users who would pay yearly, than constantly have to game the rankings to be high enough to get more sales. Even if the rankings change, you can get longterm value out of those who do pay, even if annual payments make less total customers. I am by no means denigrating the man's accomplishments, he certainly was a great man. However, it is worth noting that he became something of a quack, advocating that the maneuver could cure various ailments unrelated to choking.[0] The linked Radio Lab episode provides a full picture of the man and is very interesting. [0] http://www.radiolab.org/story/273532-heimlich/ I was expecting to write a comment advocating for personal responsibility and not rushing to judgement. Then I read this: > The unfettered shipments amount to 433 pain pills for every man, woman and child in West Virginia. That is incredible. What a damning article. We need a free software (GNU project?) solution that has everything open. The hardware, the software, anyone can contribute modules, etc. it's so obvious US government pension funds (state, city, etc.) are basically doomed universally.[0] Tax payers cannot stomach having to pay more for less services so that a small fraction of society can retire much earlier and with cushier benefits than the vast majority. As happened in Detroit, benefits will be cut in order to prevent catastrophe. It's both the morally right solution and realistically the only solution. [0] http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/18/business/dealbook/study-fi... Public workers don't settle for less pay than private sector workers, that is an often repeated talking point that simply isn't true.[0] A garbage man, janitor, administrator, etc. working for the government isn't going to magically make more salary by quitting and going to the private sector. Top level employees can make more in the private sector, but the average worker cannot. Public employees make more money, are very difficult to fire, and have far more benefits than most workers. [0] https://www.downsizinggovernment.org/federal-worker-pay If the answer is to bankrupt the state and make millions suffer so thousands live in early retirement luxury, the morally right solution is to bring benefits back to reality. Down vote me all you want, when push comes to shove over the coming years, it won't be everyone bending over backwards to pay someone 90% of their highest income when they retired at 50. It didn't happen in Detroit and it won't happen anywhere. 401k accounts are defined contribution. A public pension is underfunded by the recipient and are guaranteed for life with no cap on receiving. This is a model that leads to bankruptcy, they are unaffordable. THIS. If you want a fast website, remove all JS and make everything simple. For maximum performance put the static site on a CDN. It isn't hard. 10mg Lexapro every day... it saved my life . I am not joking This comment is why I love hacker news. Pendantic, yet informative. And the robot vacuum misses spots and isn't very strong and requires you keep the area clear and never does as good as job as a person does... I love Boston, but if I could live anywhere else it would be Amsterdam. AirFox ( http://airfox.io/ ) | Boston, MA, USA | Full-time, onsite AirFox sells software to mobile phone carriers (telcos) that enables advanced data features. This allows low-income customers to get cheaper plans and free data. Our software runs on low-end Android phones, requiring native code and a focus on high performance. We work on all sections of the stack, from low-level native code, scaling servers, front-end web development, custom network protocols, and all sorts of interesting problems. This is not a CRUD app or working inside someone else's framework and tools. We create the tools and frameworks :) I'm interested in people who want to work with Java / Python / C / JavaScript / Android NDK and aren't afraid to solve problems where google doesn't help very much. Email james@airfox.io It takes a lot of work and isn't something someone in their college dorm room can make. It takes industry contacts, specialized skills, and solid marketing to build a network and trust in the system. To do this for nonprofit is a sacrifice when the people with these skills could be chasing big money. LE is a good example of the tech community doing something that probably a government agency should be doing with tax dollars to support the industry. Private sector altruism. My understanding is that it's a group of enthusiasts and volunteers who are donating sweat equity out of enjoyment and the gentlemen's agreement of full-time employment once the company really gets going. One thing I can't stand is the resolution, it really needs to be 2x-10x increased for me not to feel like I'm staring really closely at a screen. And when you increase the resolution by an order of magnitude, you need more processing power, which makes it harder to solve the giant problem of the size, cost, and awkwardness of the hardware. I can't wait until contact lenses are VR enabled. Wow! Really? My commute from the southern edge of Boston (Jamaica Plain) to the northern part (Allston / HBS) on Friday involved 2 road constructions, a car stopped inside a rotary that made the entire loop gridlocked, and countless pedestrians jay walking because the fine was reduced to $1 in the 1970's so no one cares.[0] I'm not sure people who live in grid cities and calm suburbs can even comprehend the madness here. Self-driving cars will take decades here. [0] http://www.mass.gov/courts/selfhelp/tickets/jaywalking.html I had to use this for an algorithms class while getting my CS master's. Very, very tough to use for anything beyond simple experiments. It has confusing syntax and incomplete documentation. But when you finally get your program to execute, you can be sure it's perfect! (Supposedly) From what I remember, the assignment was to write a function that implemented quick sort (or something else moderately complex) and getting it to run and satisfy the proof checker was exhausting. Edit: Found a forum post I made during it asking for help. Oh, the frustrating memories... https://dafny.codeplex.com/discussions/546995 If you operated a business, how would you feel being forced by the government to keep someone on your payroll who was not a good worker? Doctor: "My patient is sick and won't pay? I'll just drop him and add another." Whenever you assume the innate goodness of someone overrides their natural desire to earn money, you end up with a problem. With doctors, having to legislate the gifts received from pharmaceutical companies is an obvious counterpoint to the idea that the vast majority of doctors are 100% ethical and only make choices for health reasons. Clearly a lot of them were influenced by pharma money. This is the best place to sell it. Be aware that many of the products for sale are scams and your product will have to explain why it isn't also a scam to rise above the fold. Before downvoting this commenter, think about how he or she is making a fair observation about technology hype, and the stomach consumers have for consuming entertainment while wearing awkward equipment. It did not work for 3D TV or Google Glass. Don't rely on someone else to make your career (or your life) better. If you want something, it's on you to do it. The loser blames something else (other people, society, bad luck) for their problems. The winner takes control of their life, accepts personal responsibility, and creates their own future. I don't disagree. But I recommend you assess the reality of your situation and fight for what you want and deserve. One person can't end sexism, but plenty of people overcome sexism and other -ism's. Be the person who overcomes it and inspires others. Don't be the person that uses sexism as an excuse. What is the reward for putting in the effort to create a crypto currency? Is it only ethical to make a cryptocurrency if you don't earn a penny in compensation? If it's OK to make some profit, what is the limit? $100k? $10mil? Every 2 years I upgrade my iPhone, and every 2 years I get to buy the best phone I've ever owned. Not worth arguing in these places about religious wars. I try to appreciate how amazing everything is rather than lose my mind over a plug changing formats. As a programmer, I find Fedora with the Gnome Classic theme and the No Topleft Hot Corner extension[0] to be an excellent, clean, effective desktop UI. But in order to get this working properly, I had to go through package hell for a few hours to get the right graphics drivers and tweak a bunch of settings. I've heard Linux Mint is good for non-programmers, but I've never tried. Unity in Ubuntu is the worst desktop experience out of all I've tried. [0] https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/118/no-topleft-hot-co... Even a company with as many blunders as BlackBerry must know that publicly saying it can't be decrypted, when in fact it could easily be decrypted, would be a terrible blow to the product. There has been a "blue collar" coder for a long time, maybe always. It's all about "sandboxes", by which I mean the area the programmer is concerned with. If the sandbox of a programmer's job is in one language, say Java, and it's only writing unit tests to test other people's code, the programmer is very limited in what they are responsible for, and the cost of their mistakes is very low. Yet just writing unit tests that cover code, even if they aren't brilliant tests, certainly has value. And the number of people who can be taught to write unit tests is much higher than the number of people who can be taught to write the application itself. And the person is still a professional programmer, but they are paid less, and are less talented than other programmers. But they still make decent money and likely find this work more intellectually stimulating than selling insurance or whatever. I think a lot of people who are professional programmers find programming itself scary. Programming is a hard thing to do, and ace programmer's are very opinionated, smart, logical, and can spot non-ace programmer's pretty easily. Or maybe it's just that people are naturally lazy and don't want to get out of their comfort zone. Whatever the reason, many programmers work in one language, in one product, then try and stay in it forever. Then they get laid off after 10 or 15 years and find it quite hard to find a new job. When hiring people, I'll come across this type of resume, where they focused in some super-niche proprietary tech for many years and are unfamiliar with the latest trends, and usually are asking for a below-average salary. I have interviewed a few, and their lack of talent is so glaringly obvious I feel bad for them. But someone will probably hire them, probably the companies that think that all programmers are replaceable widgets. In summary, "blue collar" programmers already exist, it's just the author who thought he made some stunning realization, which isn't new. There are literally no better companies in India you can work at? Your English skills seems pretty strong, and you have the right attitude. Maybe you should try to better your situation in India before taking a huge risk, especially with your medical issues. Numerous double-blind studied have shown experts can't tell the difference between common table wine and expensive bottles.[0][1] The whole thing is absurd. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judgment_of_Paris_(wine) [1] https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/journal-of-wine-econ... Do you have any science to prove your hunch? I've been following this for a while and nothing I've ever read showed that judges can distinguish two buck chuck from high end wine. Again, I would love to see your science. This is the whole point - the expensive wine thing is simply not about taste. Take a $15 chianti and a $150 chianti, blindfold yourself, have someone else pour them, and try and tell which one is more expensive. It will be a 50/50 Translation: "It's not fair that you own property and I don't, and that I have to pay market rates. I want the government to force you to make me pay less, or seize more of what you earn." My rebuttal: Buy your own property if you don't like it, or move some place else. I understand the logic of saying that the API itself is a creative work and should be copyrighted. Creating a solid, logical API structure isn't simple. But I believe the API signature itself (function name, argument types, return type) should not be copyrightable, in the interests of the industry as a whole. Google didn't steal the implementation, they just reused the same function signatures to make their drop-in replacement of the JVM work with existing software. If developers can't even have the API signature without being sued, you are seriously hurting competition. It's just reality. Someone should write a program that generates all possible function names and argument types and declares them copyrighted, then release them all to the public. Yes, for all projects and small businesses I start, Postgres and Redis is what I use from the beginning. Then if it ever gets to the point where I need a different DB for something, I replace components with the new tool. People get fascinated with these fly-by-night data stores and put their operations at serious risk. Start with the tried and tested technologies, then carefully augment your stack as needed. If there are no other options, they will. And investors may be willing to fund a company that can keep XP apps running long-term. It's so much easier to win when the product is the best. You can still lose because of 5000 other reasons, but the best product makes everything else so much easier. If some random person on the internet wants to help me out. If I exercised my options, and the company was purchased later the same year and my common shares were purchased for $0 (preferred shares took all the money, leaving common with zero), how do I file this loss? Thanks for the info! Exercise helped reduce my depression and anxiety, and I tried to cure it without medication for 2 years. Finally I gave in and went on a low dose of lexapro, in addition to my usual exercise and healthy diet, and I recovered within weeks. Completely changed my life. I know this is just my anecdote, but when natural remedies fail, don't be afraid of medicine. I know several people who are highly involved with the FCC, telecom industry, and telecom law that think that "network neutrality" is just 2 words. Until 1970, and only because of lawsuits, it was illegal to connect anything to your phone line. You could get any phone you wanted from Ma Bell as long as it was black.[0] If you wanted a different color you had to pay extra. It took force to make Ma Bell and the FCC allow you to plug in your own phone, your own computer, etc. The FCC supports monopolies, if you want competition you should applaud the deregulation of telecom. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model_500_telephone#Ownership_... By allowing upstart MVNO's to avoid arduous regulation processes. I am involved with 2 MVNO's that have been trying to merge for over a year, they don't have that many customers, and no one opposes it. Yet the FCC dragged their feet with no updates and no reason for the delay. This has real world, multi-million dollar consequences. The process is moving forward now since Ajit got hired. Armchair technologists read an article about net neutrality on arstechnica and think it's black and white. News flash - telecom and ISP's have been shaping traffic since the beginning! You think NetFlix has high quality video on shitty connections because they are nice? Wrong! They pay for the privilege.[0] I say, let the free market decide. The history of telecom is beyond insane. If you actually care about this stuff maybe you should learn more. This book is pretty esoteric but it gives the true history https://www.amazon.com/Great-Telecom-Meltdown-Fred-Goldstein... [0] https://www.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424052702304834704579401... The FCC was regulating the monopoly! And why would anyone want a monopoly to exist? "Cheap phone service for grandma". That's always been the justification for all the insanity. It took years to deregulate and allow true competition, and it always came through because of lawsuits. Telecom is an industry run by lawyers. I would argue that wired and wireless are very different beasts. If you want to regulate fiber, that's debatable, but a competitive wireless landscape is ripe for competition given all the possibilities for delivering service. I cannot eb init or deploy to us-east-1 Wouldn't net neutrality supporters be enraged because all data is not being treated equally now? Upstart wikis will never be able to compete! I know, it's a travesty that we allow Iraqis to access Wikipedia for free. We are literally ending wiki competition. Simply awful. Iraqis must demand net neutrality and stop accessing Wikipedia for free! You are right, the best possible solution is to ban free access to Wikipedia. It just isn't fair. I would never support getting rid of cash, it's a basic right to spend money without being tracked. You can swap the latin characters for other symbols, but I'm not sure how it will fundamentally change anything. Advances come from thinking of how to formulate abstract concepts differently, like procedural vs. functional programming. The letters themselves are just part of the specification. Perhaps people whose language is radically different from romance languages will approach programming differently because of that, and invent something new. Cross-platform embeddable VM language written in C for iOS and Android? Strange, I've been doing this for years using Lua... > If the attacker managed to liquidate their Zcoins at an average price of $1.25, they may have netted themselves upto USD 750,000. If you are a skilled programmer / security expert / mathematician, crypto currency exploit creation seems to be an extremely lucrative hobby. The thing about math is that you can't reason with it, hide it, debate it, or pass laws that make it untrue. Eventually, pension systems with poor structures collapse, and a lot of people get hurt. Idea for anyone who wants to make it: Make a website where any person or company can donate a fixed amount (one-time, periodically) that gets donated to open source. The website integrates with or links to as many open source projects as possible. Perhaps the website donates to each project once a month, pooling all the money together, to keep from having lots of transaction fees. To be more advanced, write a tool that scans all code bases and automatically tells you what open source products you use. So if I work for a company, I run the tool against all of our repositories, it determines which products we use, and it syncs with the website. Then, say we donate $100 a month, it gets split between all of them automatically in some sort of proportion. Then github open source projects can sign up with the website and become automatically tracked with the tool, so if someone or a company uses them they can get paid. I simply do not have the time to pursue this, but if I had the time I would. I believe it will vastly improve the open source community and help finance it. Similarly, anti-prostitution activists cheer that Backpage removed adult classifieds.[0] If you really want to prevent abuse of sex workers, you need to legalize the trade and bring it into the open. By driving it further underground, you just cause more harm to the people you want to save. I can't understand how people make the same mistake over, and over, and over. [0] https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/11/us/backpage-ads-sex-traff... There is a company called MediTech in Massachusetts that uses a derivative language of MUMPS called Magic. I know several programmers that have worked there. There are thousands of engineers writing in this language as we speak. From what I can remember: -Only global variables -Variables must only be capital letters, maximum length 6. If you run out of variables, you must cleverly use them in a routine and set them back to what they are. This means you can't use a name like myVar - you use AAAFD, ZBVCXZ, etc. -System functions are usually things like ., >, ', ], so code looks like .'AAAF]{\;:.. -Meditech writes all of their own languages, databases, operating systems, tools, etc. You can only write in a non-Meditech language if you get approval from a multi-tiered architectural design board, which barely ever happens -The founder hated C with undying passion. No one is ever allowed to use C -All programming hires go through a 6 to 12 month training process to learn the tools, languages, and systems. As they almost exclusively hire non-CS majors, such as math and physics majors, they don't typically have a programming background and don't realize how bizarre the MediTech stack is Because MediTech engineers get experience in a proprietary suite of technologies that is only used there, it is extremely difficult for them to get new jobs at the same pay grade and experience level. 5 years at MediTech is worth 0 years anywhere else. However, I have hired a few of these people, and while they knew nothing about say Python, JS, Linux, etc. when hired, their deep understanding of how computers work made them very skilled once they picked up the modern technologies. Not many engineers program for years in low-level nightmare languages before touching JavaScript or Python, most start high-level and go lower. The foundation provided by working in a language like Magic makes them know computers at a deeper level than most. That is hilarious and amazing! Thanks for the anecdotes Net Neutrality absolutists need to tone down their rhetoric. When NN activists say zero rating is unfair, they are speaking from an ivory tower. It is better for a poor Iraqi to get free Wikipedia even though that hurts other upstart wikis, than for poor Iraqis to have no Wikipedia at all. Once you accept this premise, you must then accept that exceptions to NN exist. Once you accept that, you must then take every single exception to NN and weigh it on a case-by-case basis about whether it's "fair" or not. Barring some government oversight panel that bans or allows anti-NN practices on a case by case basis, I think it's better for the market to decide. ISP's shouldn't be able to extort businesses to be allowed in at all, but offering premium speeds (as Netflix has paid for years), free data, etc. are within the realms of anti-NN practices that I feel are acceptable. The net neutrality issue is not black and white. I believe Verizon can zero rate their own services, and it's OK. I also believe that they should have to allow zero rating of any service, even a competitor's, if the service provider is willing to pay for their users' data using transparent, open pricing that is equally applied. If you think that it's unfair that Iraqis can access Wikipedia for free because the data is zero rated, then you disagree with my premise, and you are a net neutrality absolutist. If you believe that it is OK that Iraqis can access Wikipedia for free via zero rating, then there are exceptions to NN, because zero rating is inherently anti-NN. From then on, it is a slippery slope. Is it OK to zero rate data only in "poor" countries? The moment they get rich enough, must we ban it? Is any non-profit allowed to zero rate, but all for-profits are not? My point is, once you open the door to anti-NN practices being acceptable, you must then start analyzing all situations individually. I respect NN absolutists although I disagree with them. At least they have a coherent philosophy. OK, so philosophically speaking, you only care about net neutrality in America? I thought that NN was a universal philosophy about the freedom of the internet. If you do believe that Iraqis should be able to have zero rated Wikipedia, because they are poor, shouldn't poor Americans (of which their are millions living in abject poverty) be able to get zero rated services as well? If you are a poor American on a Lifeline phone (free phone provided by the government) with a very limited data plan, no one is (at this time) willing to subsidize unlimited services for this user. But maybe some companies, for their services, are willing to subsidize them. And in my opinion, it's better for the poor person to have access to some services than no services. And this is exactly where I philosophically disagree with you. I would rather the Iraqi have access to Wikipedia than have no internet at all. It's saying that you, as a rich American, know what's best for poor foreigners. You would demand someone get everything, or they get nothing. Sorry for presuming you are a rich American instead of a "well-off" peruvian. You are the one comparing drug dealers to free Wikipedia, so I don't know where to begin the argument as you already went off the deep end! I don't like to tell others what is the best use of their time, or what "society" wants them to be doing. People are free to choose what to do with their own time. I have never heard of a government provided phone with unlimited data plan. I don't think the government should be providing a "combination of phones" for free to each poor person. I am happy you can use free WiFi. I think that if you want to watch YouTube and google is willing to pay for your data, that's OK and no one will be hurt. I get your point, but with a kiosk they could dynamically give special deals, like "add fries for $0.18" if it is profitable for them at that moment (maybe they are about to toss the batch of fries). Honestly I wouldn't consider McD's cashiers to be good salesmen. Fyber https://www.fyber.com/ Trialpay https://www.trialpay.com/ Ironsource http://www.ironsrc.com/ Typically you reward in virtual currency, but you can reimburse them in cash if you want to go through all the work of a cash-out policy with real money I was sick of having to install VPN software on all of my devices, and couldn't on some of the older ones, so I put the VPN inside the router itself. Plug for one of my side businesses https://easyvpnrouter.com/ You can do it yourself, but it's a big hassle, maybe someone finds this useful. As I say on the FAQ page, all of it uses open source software, and you can SSH onto the box and see it. I don't open source the methods of installing and configuring it because that's the whole business. This is no different than you buying a flashed router from anywhere else, could always be spyware in your hardware. It uses vanilla OpenWRT. The app to configure it is just react native and speaks OpenWRT API's. The only thing I could open source are 1) How I flash the router and configure it, which is a hassle and I'm not going to share, and 2) The source code to the react native app, which you can decompile and look at if you want. If you want to see the open source of the router software itself, go to https://openwrt.org/ and dive in There is no such thing as a "bullshit job". If you work in the private sector, where the primary reason for existing is to make a profit, your job directly or indirectly contributes to that goal. If you want to make an impact that is unrelated to making money, volunteer or join a nonprofit. Is anyone interested in making a public bet with me about autonomous vehicles? I'm thinking something like, we publicly state that within 5 years a self-driving car will be able to take me from my apartment in Boston to my work in Cambridge, regardless of weather, time of day, etc. If it can, I pay you $1000, if it can't, you pay me $1000. Basically I'm getting super annoyed at people claiming self driving cars are right around the corner, which I've been reading for a decade, but it's always "just 5 years away". I would love to counter arguments with, "If you are so convinced why not bet me $1000?" It's more about people publicly putting their name against me, which I would post on my website, saying to the world that they actually think self driving cars are going to happen. I would like people actually in the tech industry to bet against me, not people looking to make money. It's more a reality check about who is willing to put their money where their mouth is, because I think there are few. I think a fair wager would be, "On March 26th 2022 at 2am, 830am, 5pm, and 11pm, a self driving call will legally take seibelj from [his address] in Boston to [address] in Cambridge. The car will require no human intervention and it will arrive at the destination regardless of time, weather, traffic, and construction." I would make an exception for snow, but not for rain or night. Although I think being unable to cope with snow is a pretty significant issue. About "5 years away", I've been reading the same dream of all cars being self driving for so many years. I distinctly remember an after-work party in 2010 where a coworker with a phobia of driving going on about how self driving cars would soon be driving him around. Everything I hear today has been repeated for so long. The weather is one thing, but I would argue that city driving in Boston itself is worse. It's survival of the fittest driving. If, for example, getting right up to the bumper of a self-driving car and honking makes the self-driving car pull over, every driver in Boston will do this, and the self-driving car will be stuck on the curb. You just can't imagine what drivers here are like until you live it. I can dynamically change the font if I want, but only 1 font loaded at a time. In this case, I would have to auto-detect which font to use based on the UTF8 code, and swap the font out. Is this how big companies do it? For example, Supercell in the Clash of Clans / Clash Royale games will display text perfectly no matter what language. Latin text will appear intermixed with Korean, Chinese, etc. without any issue. I have flirted with GooAma AppMicroFace, and got a few interviews deep once, but after careful thought I stopped the process, and now I ignore the biggest tech companies. I simply don't want to be a cog in a giant machine, and therefore my talents will always go to start ups and small companies. Surely I can't be the only person who refuses to work for the top tech companies out of preference? I loved Stranger Things, as a die-hard X-Files fan (and similar type shows and movies) it was perfect for me. I'm confused, did they mimic the windows 95 feel with HTML / CSS? Or did they use WINE? Why did they want to make a serious application resemble Windows 95? Founder of https://easyvpnrouter.com/ ask me anything or how to build one yourself if you want a project You cannot use Netflix with any non-self-hosted VPN service, they have put a lot of effort into getting around it. We use PIA's DNS for anonymity. We can include that, sure. The router's are well-known brands which can be looked up in tons of places, but yeah we should add it. Interesting idea - adding whitelisted domains to bypass the VPN. We will investigate this. Currently we recommend running 2 routers simultaneously (which do not interfere because of automatic channel switching) with the VPN chained after the normal one. This allows you to choose when to use VPN. Basically the Easy VPN Router is designed to be super easy so that non-technical people don't mess anything up. Building one yourself is tricky, especially to cover edge cases like the VPN dropping, the internet going in and out, etc. As I said in the other comment, right now we recommend running 2 routers, and connecting to the normal router when you want to access VPN blocked services or want low-latency connections for online gaming. But we will investigate white-listing IP addresses, that would be very useful. It is much more difficult than 1 hour to setup yourself, because of FCC regulations flashing new routers is much more difficult, you need a TFTP server, it's pretty annoying. In addition the edge cases of the internet going out, then when it comes back bringing the VPN back up automatically, being able to switch PIA accounts / countries easily, it's not a simple thing. I got into this because I wanted to build one myself, and I have a friggin master's degree in CS and it took me several weekends. So I figured a business could be formed :) I worked for a year at a super hyped chat-bot company that raised a lot of money pre-revenue, pre-customers, etc. The difference between the press / marketing and the actual product built was incredible. Last I heard they are ditching everything they already built and starting over. So I live in Boston, and bought a condo in the slums as soon as I could. Not the worst slum (Green St., near Hatoff's gas station for those who know JP), but 50 yards from a halfway house, the suboxone at Arbour counseling and the needles near it, Mattapan is pretty close. 5 years later the condo is up 40%, Hatoff's gas is now being destroyed for (I assume?) more condos, a brewpub is opening pretty close, and families are moving in everywhere. And my mortgage is still $1500, and it will be for the next 25 years until it's paid off. So why move? I can make great money and I locked into an improving neighborhood. Don't a lot of young people with useful skills do this? Buy into a hood-ish area and wait for it to develop? I wouldn't have raised a family here before gentrification, but every month it seems more realistic... My point is, I live an expensive city but I made the right decisions. And now it isn't so expensive, and when I'm at 10 years, 15, 25 years experience, I will still be here. And anyone who thinks I'm bragging, you can do the same thing I did. My recommendation is Jackson Square and Roxbury Crossing, you can find quite affordable properties in Roxbury. Don't buy where things are nice now , buy where things will be nice later . EDIT - Hatoff's is just undergoing renovations.[0] I wish it would close! Cheapest gas in the entire city, and connected to a gambling parlor. Not quite gentrified yet... EDIT 2 - Yes down-vote all you want, sorry me and thousands of other people make economically rational decisions regarding where we put down stakes. [0] http://www.jamaicaplainnews.com/2017/04/02/historic-hatoffs-... I'm fine with it being hood, I live here after all. But it is nice when things improve. It used to be a lot worse, and it could be a lot worse, but it has drastically improved. Drive down Washington. I used to live in Egleston Square, this is indeed paradise. I also don't know how well you know JP, one block is full of $3mil homes and 2 blocks down it's a disaster It is a lottery? Move where there is a subway stop and property is cheap. Allston, Somerville, Southie, even East Boston is coming around. It isn't fuckin rocket science I mean the process of those areas getting better happened. Somerville already became nice, it's too late to get in cheap. I think you need to understand a neighborhood well before you buy in. If you throw a dart on a map, yeah it's a lottery. But anyone without a hole in their head could tell (for example) that Broadway on the red line was going to explode, and it did! Yes the entire city of Boston is perfectly safe, we have no murders here /s I just want to watch local games on my HD antenna. Being locked out of a Patriots MNF game, forcing me to either go to a bar or watch an illegal stream, is simply absurd.