> As a user, ... I like to ... and expect ... Sorry, but the format made me laugh. Mozilla does have some way of dealing with bugs in sites. They're maintaining a site/database which Firefox consults for workarounds. More info: https://www.reddit.com/r/webdev/comments/cd1lob/how_firefox_... Very pretty. > on the 100th or so Python stacktrace Go's not perfect in this respect, either. I had your typical map[string][]interface{}, because the data in the map was an array of records, but different records in different cases, and made an error in an append(), so ended up with nested arrays. That's correct according to the type definitions, but unwanted. Generic could have helped here. So I think the language still needs to grow a bit. It depends on the representation. If the representation is in the FSA format (state, character, state), it becomes nearly trivial. I didn't verify it, but my intuition says that can't be done with a CFG; it seems at least context-sensitive. The first 19th century book to impress me was Nicholas Nickelby by Dickens. It's a British sort of "Les Miserables", A Christmas Carol style. And my wife reads Pride and Prejudice at least once a year. It's a surprisingly modern book, very much worth reading if you don't mind the romance. So be it. Traveling everywhere every time you want isn't a human right. It's a luxury. Until Zuckerberg changes his mind, or something else happens. Then it's back to bitching about governments failing to protect your rights. Money is power, as you imply, and I don't want any of it in Zuckerberg's hands. I have functions that have to deal with hierarchical data objects, JSON like things. All collections are identically typed (although they have optional fields, different length arrays, etc.), but there is more than one type. In order to write simple code, I wanted to write one function that gets them from the database, one to update a single record, one to notify of changes, etc. So my top-level type to cover all of these collections is map[string]interface{}, which in TypeScript would be Map . Then I ran unit tests, and sometimes a weird error cropped up. Turns out I made an error in an append: instead of concatenating two arrays, I added the second array as the last element of the first. That was a time consuming bummer. This problem could have been prevented by two approaches: copying every function for every type, or generics. Go is a nice language, which makes some tasks easy to implement, almost fool proof, but it still lacks in other areas. You're probably most happy on Edge. How was "Merge" proposed in the early 1990s? Hierarchical structures and compositional semantics predate that by decades. If the proposition was Merge as a "universal" operation, then I'd say there is no evidence that our brains implement such an operation, and that it has a very shallow stack, which is domain dependent. That makes such an operation a meaningless abstraction, not suitable for explaining anything about human behavior whatsoever. The billion dollar mistake refers to Hoare's statement, not the fact that it might have been a more or less costly error. And errors in terms of security are not all that matter: a simple crash can cost money too. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tony_Hoare#Apologies_and_retra... I don't think there's any kind of research that could possibly back up claims about the influence of color on something as brand perception. There is only "29 UCLA psych undergrads reacted 18ms faster to small red squares in comparison to small blue triangles on a monitor at 40cm distance in 2003". Do people benefit from gaming the system? Then it surely is being gamed. And they do. Funding and tenure depend on these metrics. > Overwhelmed by the volume of submissions, editors at these journals may choose safety over risk and select papers written by only well-known, experienced researchers. There is a bit of a "circle jerk" in this process: if you know the right people, you can get better reviews. In return, you review their papers or requests favorably. That also leads to repeating authors. I've discovered a foolproof way to make billions of dollars and take controlling interest in the major corporation of your choice. I'll share my secret with you, since I'm all done using my system (hint: if you want to buy any corporation known by three capital letters... forget it.). Step 1: Find somebody you trust to work with you as your partner. Your wife is a good choice, although in a pinch your pet hamster will suffice. Step 2: Create a dot.com company. Building a company with strong technical underpinnings and lead by a passionate and visionary leader is best. However, you can also cycle through e- .com, choosing 's from the dictionary until you find one which isn't used. Whatever. If you find all the names are used, try the dictionary of a foreign language. Step 3: Go public! Issue 1,000,000,000 shares of stock. Keep 999,999,999 shares for yourself, and sell the other share. Step 4: Have your partner buy that share for $100. Step 5: Party!!!!! You now have a $100 billion market cap. Make sure you give interviews to Time, WSJ, and so forth. (If you don't understand why you have a $100 billion market cap, please close your AOL account and go back to your day job; this system isn't for you.) Step 6: Buy the company of your choice, using your $100 billion in stock. (Note: avoid companies created using this system.) Step 7: Retire. You've worked hard, and you deserve it. (edit: source unknown, found on r.h.f a long time ago) But concentrated on the simpler tasks. Rosetta Code has examples for Gaussian Elimination, but no string to number conversion. It also has some really esoteric languages. It's really more of a Rosetta Stone, while Programming Idioms is more of a lookup for the typical but infrequent stuff you (well, I) tend to forget when working in multiple languages. The whole piece is fluff. It focuses on one or two minor, anecdotal observations regarding aspects of ideas about consciousness. The fact alone that in split-brain patients consciousness is often not preserved in the left hemisphere undermines all speculation involving cytological similarities between species. AWK's primary use case is processing a file line by line. It offers a few well thought out mechanisms to do so, allowing you to script relatively complex operations in just a few lines. At the same time, and acknowledging it's not pretty, it's powerful enough to run an http server (not kidding: https://github.com/kevin-albert/awkserver ). So if you want/need to write a script that requires more sophistication than cat, join and sort offer, but you don't want the hassle of setting up IO, field splitting, pattern matching in a more complex programming language, etc., AWK is your friend. Some of examples of my own awk scripts: converting csv to json, counting trigrams, splitting text by words or sentences, getting the one line from a complex and long log file that I needed, pre-processing files before compilation, cross-tabulation, rewriting file paths, converting weird file formats and ad-hoc templating. > for some quick and dirty CSV munging- Tip: if you have quoted fields, use gawk, and FPAT = "([^,]+)|(\"[^\"]+\")"; Not just adversarial. FK simply uses word length as a proxy for frequency, which is obviously wrong. It makes crocodiles and elephants score higher than gybe and vaunt. It also doesn't acknowledge that embedded clauses are more difficult than a "sequence" of clauses, etc. In practice, it'll often point in the sort-of-direction-ish, but you need to take the outcome with a pinch of salt. Here's an almost random, older paper that discussed readability score differences between genres: http://csjarchive.cogsci.rpi.edu/Proceedings/2008/pdfs/p1978... . Their conclusion: ... the analyses confirmed that several frequently used approaches for measuring vocabulary difficulty tend to be structured such that resulting text difficulty estimates overstate the difficulty of informational texts while simultaneously understating the difficulty of literary texts. These results can be explained in terms of the higher proportion of “core” vocabulary words typically found in literary texts as opposed to informational texts. Even then, many of these metrics will prefer "the rat the cat the dog bit chased escaped" over "the dog bit the cat that chased the rat that escaped". They are very, very rough measures, to be used only in case of emergency. > the language of conservatives is simpler than that of liberals? Times have changed. People here seem to have had positive experiences, which may be due to a bit of fanboyism or Apple hate, but a relatively technically capable colleague tried to install Ubuntu onto a Dell recently, and failed: grahpics and network issues; no idea if it could sleep. Two days of work lost, so now he has a mac. I also think she hasn't done enough to deserve the Nobel peace prize, but used and abused? That's not a very honest frame. I sort of agree. I had a project in which I wanted to use Go, but I ended up writing Emacs macros to repeat boiler plate code. That wasn't pleasant, and to me it meant that Go wasn't the most suitable language for that problem. That applies here too: if you find yourself writing too much boilerplate code in favor of an abstraction, try another language. If you want/have to continue in Go, look for another solution. I adhere to "dogfooding": use what you make, and use it seriously. Then you'll understand what design documents so often fail to communicate. Programmers and certainly architects should get onto the work floor, and actually participate in the job, preferably before starting their "real" work, but certainly afterwards. Why Nightly? It's not guaranteed to be rock solid. Django is ok if you have a web site with content and forms that map nicely onto SQL tables. Any 1998 website, basically, with not too much of a load. Any other setup, and it gets messy. > Needing to put dict property names `{'in': 'quotes'}. Now that's a part I like. All that based on an increase in page submissions. Is that the goal of auto-complete? The research behind the number (25%) is highly dubious, because the video cited as the source doesn't tell how it was done. At all. Ironically, it follows a section on how MDN is documenting the standards, and how that "contribute(s) a lot". Not if you've worked on similar problems before, and you don't mind a slow solution (speeding up and keeping it correct is hard). Certainly a lot of exams are filled in using tricks, bordering on superstition. Words that remind a student of a certain kind of solution can cause application of the wrong formula. In that sense, ML, statistical, or "deep learning" models perform a bit like us. Not surprisingly, since co-occurrence plays a large role in our fast intuitions. It also shows that such models are miles away from higher level reasoning. In my experience, doctors, also GPs, are aware of effects on mood. In fact, my SO didn't start taking the pill until it was recommended for precisely those reasons during the (peri)menopause. There is a great deal of uncertainty about which pill will work, if any, but that's hardly surprising, as we have so little knowledge about the brain. I'm sure someone will try to spin this positively for drone delivery: "See? We can't let those poor people suffer. We must think out of the box. I know: let's use unmanned aerial delivery. By the way, did you know my company happens to be in this business?" What's the Spanish Inquisition got to do with this? Are they in your reply because of the word "Spanish", as in "the union between the people of Arragon, Castille and the very same Catalunya, who (re)conquered the Iberian peninsula?" > governments burn libraries Not really. > Catalan separatists are ... pedophiles Is there really anyone who said so? Or are we a bit hyperbolical today? He brings in the Spanish Inquisition because it seems to portray the Catalans at the right side of history. > Regarding the libraries comment, it happens plenty Plenty? It happens, yes, but it is not just governments: individuals organize book burnings, authors too: Vergilius wanted to burn his Aeneis. Meanwhile, the RC church had another tool (the Index), and almost no government burns libraries. I think even the Nazis didn't, and certainly the government of my country isn't burning them. I can see one right across the street, and while it's ugly, it's not on fire. The comment above mine is all hyperbole and whataboutism, probably meant to provoke. I'm not condoning the approach of the Spanish government to github, BTW. All of their governments seem to shoot into a reflex when the unity is at stake, from the Second Republic up to Sánchez. That's stretching the original remark quite a bit, but then also "cypherpunks" are guilty of that. No doubt that they are neo-Nazis: the first event in the calendar is Joseph Goebbels' death day, even though that seems a bit overdone to me. I didn't know they were fond of Gavrilo Prinzip, but his birthday is also there. I'll keep the torrent alive a while, just in case. Dubious, but it's a valuable resource for the organizations that investigate such movements. Also: their family members probably know. I'm still waiting for the content. I had the free subscription, and it was dismal, certainly for someone who doesn't like Marvel. Producing a few chapters of a Star Wars spinoff or another "Beyond Infinity Avengers War Universe" isn't going to bind many people. Their streaming isn't great either. The two times we watched a movie, playback was regularly interrupted, one of which proved impossible to continue that same evening. And no, that never happens when watching Netflix. I think RSX, RT-11 and VMS would like a word. The more bloggers, the more nonsense. > A growing body of evidence suggests Ah, weasel words. How telling. Here's an explanation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVviNyIR-fI It's basically fitting on non-linear transformations of x. Don't worry. I never liked it either. When I found Unix, I was sold. I think it was the pipe (in the shell) that did it. There's a shortage of those workers, so that can't be true. I do agree there are way too many people doing "something in communication", and that waiters don't always work very streamlined, to say it politely. That first line is pure nonsense. Even the "general" interpretation is bloody wrong. People google more symptoms than their own, and not everybody uses google either. FitBit's data is valuable to any party trying to muscle themselves into siphoning some of that health care money. Google is on a war path, but many prefer to stick their heads in the sand. They're not meant to be used like that (and terminate the function, not the block), so the implementation can have more overhead than try/catch. What bothers me about it is that there's no syntax for it: recover as it is looks like a dirty hack. I've been writing my first production software in go this year, and I must say I'm quite favorable towards its error handling now, ugly as it may look. Even during testing there haven't been any crashes except in the places where you can expect them (like writing x := y.(string) when y isn't a string). For me, the only real downside in go: nil pointers in combination with the absence of non-nullable types. He later mentions that newspapers and TV are regulated and held to standards. These could be applied to facebook and twitter too. Not only that: it doesn't change the contents of the speech. > Others believe the answer to #2 is yes. Others believe the success of our program to teaching pigs to fly will greatly improve as we build taller towers. I infer you didn't experience the Cold War. Edgy drivel mixed with guilt by association: how pathetically needy of recognition the writer must be. > would have been Why? I guess the Vietnamese communists would have surrendered to the US and the country would have lived under its influence instead of the Soviets', and that's assuming Ho Chi Min would have received enough support in the first place. There's no reason to assume the US would have nuked at someone's whim. BTW, the French and the Brits also have their nuclear arsenal. There would not have been a "monopoly". > Both empires probably had to treat their subject populations a bit better in the presence of a geopolitical alternative. That's not quite sane: you're (1) placing this as an alternative to a full out nuclear war, and (2) placing the US' and the USSR's influence at equal footing. While I do agree that Collier is a musician's musician, I don't agree with the remark he should look for people who are "cooler" and the "hip-hop and dance" bullshit. That is so denigrating. Music's purpose is not trying being cool. It sells, surely, but so does Helene Fischer. Amazing. My MBP/Firefox still had 50% idle with a frame request every 8.6ms at 1M particles. React is a bit of a resource hog, and all the article shows is that modern processors are really powerful. This, or possibly a variant, was also used in early electronic circuits, because the it would keep the load constant, if I remember correctly. I think USB-C isn't just negative, and I do like the touchbar, even though I have to admit that it's rarely helpful in practice. For the rest, I think you're right: Apple has lost its way forward. I fear the day the accountants will see a lucrative deal and split macOS from the phones, app and music biz is closer than ever. So he is the father of word salad. If anybody ever says the brains of men and women are identical, the average brain has > a volume of around 1260 cm3 in men and 1130 cm3 in women. It's nonsense, spawned by fear that acknowledging differences will justify discrimination. Yup. The examples cited (at least a few years ago) all show a reference to a person from a group, never to a known individual. And it has never been common, except in fossilized expressions. BTW, "Chaucer used it, so there" is pretty normative for a linguistic argument. But Bloomberg was a Republican who only recently switched. Why would they elect him as the Democratic candidate at all? Perhaps the answer is "money", but in that case, he's got Yang beaten already. From my (very foreign) point of view, Yang is simply not a serious contender. > What would you define as a serious contender? Someone with much support, influence and popular appeal. > I can't imagine hardened Bernie supporters rallying around an old New York billionaire Me neither, but I also can't imagine them rallying around an uncharmismatic, non-mediagenic guy with primarily nerdy support and the same ideas as the rest, except for the unrealistic and probably "unamerican" UBI, to phrase it in the same style. > the Republicans still nominated him Democrats aren't Republicans, of course. Bit rambling, but it boils down to a critique of fad-driven management: we have do TDD, Agile, whatever, but --from the developer's point of view-- more as an end than a means. > there's no real need to make your implementation more complicated than a single array Ugh. That's just offensive. That's not "just an array". His name is literally Christian... I inherited a few python/django servers. One of these has workers that grow to about 1Gb over time, even though they retain absolutely no data in core (or shouldn't). The same server is used to collect data, convert things and analyze the data. Especially the latter can take a bit of time, which means that there is a problem when more than two people try it at the same time, since it severely hinders the other tasks. I'm now converting one server to Go (although not the heavy one), and it really runs fast and uses much, much less memory. It also starts in in less than 1s, whereas the django application takes 5 minutes, because of some stupid problem in static file collection. Python is fine as a teaching tool, to prototype in, and to use in notebooks as a wrapper around numpy, scipy, etc., but not to run in production. Here's the hello world of technical interviews in ArnoldC: IT'S SHOWTIME HEY CHRISTMAS TREE JOHN YOU SET US UP @NO PROBLEMO HEY CHRISTMAS TREE SARAH YOU SET US UP @I LIED GET TO THE CHOPPER SARAH HERE IS MY INVITATION JOHN LET OFF SOME STEAM BENNET 100 ENOUGH TALK STICK AROUND SARAH GET TO THE CHOPPER SARAH HERE IS MY INVITATION JOHN HE HAD TO SPLIT 15 YOU'RE FIRED 15 GET DOWN JOHN YOU ARE NOT YOU YOU ARE ME 0 ENOUGH TALK BECAUSE I'M GOING TO SAY PLEASE SARAH TALK TO THE HAND "FizzBuzz" BULLSHIT GET TO THE CHOPPER SARAH HERE IS MY INVITATION JOHN HE HAD TO SPLIT 5 YOU'RE FIRED 5 GET DOWN JOHN YOU ARE NOT YOU YOU ARE ME 0 ENOUGH TALK BECAUSE I'M GOING TO SAY PLEASE SARAH TALK TO THE HAND "Buzz" BULLSHIT GET TO THE CHOPPER SARAH HERE IS MY INVITATION JOHN HE HAD TO SPLIT 3 YOU'RE FIRED 3 GET DOWN JOHN YOU ARE NOT YOU YOU ARE ME 0 ENOUGH TALK BECAUSE I'M GOING TO SAY PLEASE SARAH TALK TO THE HAND "Fizz" BULLSHIT TALK TO THE HAND JOHN YOU HAVE NO RESPECT FOR LOGIC YOU HAVE NO RESPECT FOR LOGIC YOU HAVE NO RESPECT FOR LOGIC GET TO THE CHOPPER JOHN HERE IS MY INVITATION 1 GET UP JOHN ENOUGH TALK GET TO THE CHOPPER SARAH HERE IS MY INVITATION JOHN LET OFF SOME STEAM BENNET 100 ENOUGH TALK CHILL YOU HAVE BEEN TERMINATED That’s so minimal i’d call it basic. That makes the title of this post more like a "worst of both worlds". Not good marketing. I read about this or a similar approach before. I've got no idea how they think they'll pull it off without requiring rust like annotations or reducing expressive power to something below TM equivalence. Or "leak free" doesn't mean what I think it does. > We need a lot of data to do this well. Yup. And once you've got a sufficiently large tagged error corpus, spelling correction will be as simple as a lookup: almost all misspellings (in terms of frequency) will be present in the corpus, and you can drop the (rather simplistic) algorithmic part. Your family and friends can listen to a recording on youtube. So much faster than studying the piano. Note that the article uses "verbal memory and semantic fluency" as a proxy for general cognition, so readers will almost automatically score better than viewers. They also seem to have modeled all factors as linear, and "cannot rule out (...) the possibility of reverse causality". So to answer your question: it depends on whether you consider all assumptions of the article relevant. One thing the article certainly doesn't contradict is the old adage "use it or lose it". > Open new windows more quickly. Windows open more quickly now than before. A few versions ago, it had become unbearably slow (I'm an FF user since Camino died), and I stuck to using tabs only, but 72 seems to have caught up again. I estimate that it's around 0.3s slower than Chrome on my machine. > Use the platform native key store. Amen to that. ZZ Brevity should not be an excuse for obscurity and illegibility. I get it that you assign a short name to central data structures, but all those two character identifiers... > I think most people who have tried an APL derived language also agree. That part I have some experience with, and I think that's not the case. I was taught APL (in a CS course) along with a hundred or so other students, and it was nearly universally disliked; IIRC, it only resonated with some of the EE people. The department's administration was even written in APL, and nobody wanted to touch it. After finishing my assignments, I've never wanted to look at it again. So I, for one, doubt the style is universally likable. Do you have a moment to talk about The Great Saver, uMatrix? There are so many papers that make claims that are in no way proven by the actual research done, whose authors don't get disavowed, that it's almost certain it was because of the topic. But it is extremely rare that a university publicly disavows its staff. I mean: let's talk sample bias. So many psychological studies are run with just psychology students as subjects, certainly in cognitive science. There are also quite a few studies using questionable sources like Amazon Turk. Did anybody ever get reprimanded over this from higher up? I've only saw them receiving praise for yet another article published. There's no evidence, and certainly not a plausible model, that supports/explains how reaction times reflect attitudes, and how changes in attitude change reaction times. > I cannot remember the name That's all the endorsement we need. For classical and jazz, there's e.g. prestomusic.com And data entry errors... Sure, for some things awk is a good fit, for others it isn't. But if your file is correct csv, and you use gawk, this does the trick: https://www.gnu.org/software/gawk/manual/html_node/Splitting... I have my doubts too, since there are quite likely ceiling effects. Perhaps the competition was set up out of desperation, or because the non-profit still had 25k to burn who knows? But I would be really interested to see if it really has an effect, and if that effect can be sustained. Worse: brain scans can't prove this kind of claim at all, so the title is really yet another piece of lousy science journalism. The only support comes from old-fashioned cognitive tests, and the effect was only found for linguistic skills. So yeah. Useful, but one thing: a USB-3 port can be compatible with a USB-2 port, so one might expect that 2 USB-2 ports can also be covered by a device with two USB-3 ports (as long as they have the same connector), but I don't think the search works like that. The proposals don't change the language, it's just a few very sensible warnings and the tiniest, sensible extension of constant expressions. I'll add the same: idling does take a whole CPU in my situation too, and only on the mac, not on Linux. I don't think a layperson can understand even the basic principle behind AM, let alone the actual device. It's not as "simple" as washing your hands. > The idea that nothing would be created unless there is financial incentive is silly As is the implication that financial incentive doesn't work. > Wasn't piracy supposed to doom us all? Piracy is what drove YouTube's monetization scheme, and there is a race to the bottom among musicians (which is certainly not only caused by piracy). So it may not be doom, but it's at least a PITA. I can't see how. Perhaps it makes it easier for the page owner to track how far down a user has scrolled. What an utterly cheap way to motivate people for your own benefit, because surely he can’t have ignored the possibility that his employees could follow this great recipe. Of course. I hope you don't want to use the output, though. Title does not seem to cover the contents (contents which, at first sight, are a bit noble for Google; I guess that's why it's so vague). How can politicians take responsible measures if they can be called out on any nonsensical thing? Not that I'm against transparency, but there really are two sides to this. In the best case, politicians act in the interest of the people, which makes publication of their private dealings unwanted. In the worst case, they act against the interest of the people, which can only be dealt with by complete openness and independent justice. In practice, there's a balance between the two. And it's worse if the decision makers are judged by people that are only partially affected, such as in EU decisions. The latter did already happen: Diginotar, in 2011. The Dutch government tried to restrain browser makers from revoking Diginotar's certificates, since many of their websites and services used them. It's a good thing certificates don't have an eternal life span. What a nice, capable man he was: THE death of Stalin, like the death of Lenin 29 years ago, marks an epoch in Russian history. Rarely have two successive rulers of a great country responded so absolutely to its changing needs and piloted it so successfully through periods of crisis. Lenin was at the helm through five years of revolution, civil war, and precarious recovery. Stalin, coming to power in the aftermath of revolution, took up the task of organizing and disciplining the revolutionary state, and putting into execution the revolutionary programmes of planned industry and collectivized agriculture. He thus equipped the country to meet the gravest external peril which had threatened it since Napoleon, and brought it triumphantly through a four years’ ordeal of invasion and devastation. That's from the Times obituary. Wouldn't that make any language with reflection Duck-typed? That would suggest Wikipedia's definition is not very useful. > We're not talking about multicore/singlecore stuff. If you write a python or nodejs handler, stateless or not, that does two subsequent async operations involving changes on shared resources, such as a database table, you need locks, because another request may come in while the first is in wait. Perhaps you try to say that this is irrelevant when you allow only one request at a time, but that's extremely limited and not the scenario under discussion. 10 of those 26 are "exercise", not comment. The 6 lines above that are ununderstandable, and I can only find two others, which fail to explain what it's supposed to do. In this context, "intimidating" and "less tradational" are euphemisms that stem from cognitive dissonance reduction. Indeed, I used to drink coffee until rather late and sleep well. 20 years ago, I started ti limit myself to 3 cups per day, and now drinking coffee at night keeps me awake (I think; never bothered to experiment thoroughly to find out). Age may have an influence, as might habituation. There are definitely somes issues here. Upload and download speed have gone down since last week, and everyone in the (virtual) office has problems with MS and AWS from time to time. And schools have hardly started... My best guess: much more people have come in contact with Rust than with Ada. I have done a few hobby projects in Rust, but trying Ada hasn't even crossed my mind. Ah, good memories. CodeWarrior was great. Switching to XCode was a bit of a disappointment. Looks great. I'm going to give it a try. That's import+export for you. It's not all local produce. The answer is here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=22719660 That was obviously on purpose: chaos reigns! It looks as if this was better executed than the earlier, criticized study, but with just 2x32 patients, we'll probably have to wait for replication. One thing that certainly should be cleared up is the age effect: they report "No difference in the age ... distribution ", but that's not enough. The iPhone 8 comes with a cable to connect 3.5mm headphone jacks, but it takes the place of the power adapter. I think the parent's point is that it's not `f(x) = x + g(x)`, but `f(x) = x + g(c)` for some c. Addition is invertible if one side is constant, no matter how that constant is determined: g can be bijective or constant, it doesn't matter for the invertibility of the addition. The tilde is just a convention. There are also sites that map it to /home/ or something. Perhaps extending the Accept-Origin headers could work. But the basic message is: don't expect any protection from cross-directory script attacks, so use domain names for anything serious. By now, I almost immediately close a page with a reCAPTCHA, because the stream of buses, traffic lights, and cycles never seems to end when you're using Firefox. And then it says "too many requests from this computer" and refuses to continue. Perhaps he means that you could somehow abuse the induction axiom, although it seems to me that would be in a way that's not what the axiom was meant for. Seems better than what I came up with, but one of my issues with Bluetooth is: how would you determine distance? Power? Also: that central server has got to be pretty powerful. > surplus could be read as greed, decadence, or even waste Or as a buffer. E.g., who knew that overcapacity in a hospital could be beneficial? So once more, the veracity of such statements depends on the context. I work for a small company where tech is elementary for the primary product, and even has become a (small) product of its own. I used to work one day per week from home, which suited me well, but since the bloody Corona crisis, I've been working from home full time, and I don't like it, at all, and video conferencing even less. Although I am nerdy-ish and introvert, it seems I do need to connect to physical people from time to time. And in the 2017 version, Poland no longer borders India, but is caught with Chile and Argentine (South Poland?), while India now is neighbors with Italy. It's certainly not a very stable mapping; perhaps all it does is amplify the noise. It's not only Poland and India. And the attitudes the graph supposedly shows shouldn't change that much in 9 years. Did it really? I remember strikes against "austerity" measures and such, but a wave of basic grant militancy? > Pilot programs have been set up in several cities and countries — Utrecht There is no such thing. They relaxed the rules for the bottom rung of welfare, which basically scraps the obligation to apply for jobs. Doesn't bode well for the article. > The word "Utrecht" that you quoted links to the ongoing pilot program That's what I commented on. The link is nearly 5 years old, and the policy is nowhere near UBI. Google translate doesn't understand what it translates either. It just relies on a very large corpus of parallel texts. Not me, that's for sure. Then again, I've been avoiding anything that smells like Google for the past 5 years or so. Something like: build an representation of the text that's language independent and integrated in other knowledge domains, and predict the receiver's reaction to a verbalization of a representation. But it isn't necessary to formalize any of it. At the current level of sophistication, our informal common ground of words like "understanding" suffice for a discussion. It's obvious Google Translate doesn't resemble human language processing. > It does note that "only 5–7% of blood volume needs to be treated with UV to produce the optimum benefit", so you'd be left with enough functional blood. The context leading up to that phrase puts the treatment in a different light (forgive the pun): "However the use of UBI (Ultraviolet blood irradiation) to treat septicemia cannot be solely due to UV-mediated killing of bacteria in the blood-stream, ...". And UBI of course needs a machine hooked up to your arteries. It's not shining light in your body. > pin your dependency versions And then to see "npm detected 97393 problems" or whatever the message exactly is. Repetition can easily be seen as a process, which would indeed approach 1. But I think the idea of infinite repetition is very hard to get. And some have problems: the Python example of reading a file into a string is: lines = open(f).read() which doesn't close the file. The second C example of this task is tricky, and seems to miss an offset. The C and Go implementations of uniform random integer include the upper limit, the Python and Rust implementations don't. And that's just from quickly browsing. There are two problems: "No differences (p>0.05) between interventions were found for plasma insulin or glucose AUC." That can very, very much be explained by lack of power. But the main problem is that a group of 8 people has a very low probability of generalizing across the population. And of course, very few people sit 8 hours without moving. That said, it's more than promising enough for further research. Suck on that, poor people! If the server redirects the browser to the identity provider, and then goes back to the browser with the token, and the browser gives that to the server, that doesn't seem to require third-party cookies. Charming and aesthetically pleasing. It also censors Charles Dickens and peacock. But add some random capitalization, and you can swear all you want. There are also plugins for graphviz, which is a more structured language. I use it for documenting states in my code, e.g. https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=tintinwe... and https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=joaompin... . Since graphviz is old, there are also command line tools to render the output. For more information about graphviz: https://graphviz.org/ Hardly doodles, aren't they? They are more cartoons, quite satirical, but also metaphorical, and fail where metaphors often fail. He's got a point, but I don't think he has the solution. That would limit the refactoring to a few common operations, and even those would be increasingly harder to implement for every new language added. And now you know why: to reboot Half Life in the browser, leveraging a well-known, time-tested programming language with wide and deep support. Is this serious? Or is this a "I don't like evolutionary psychology, so I'm going to throw the problems of the entire field at it"? The matching critique doesn't make any sense to me, because it's a fundamental assumption behind evolutionary psychology, from which it derives hypotheses. But this quote: "Now, one of my major charges with evolutionary psychologists is that they go to the ordinary folks, college students, and they ask them questions about such intimate things like their sexual behavior. We know that people are wanting to not be honest about such matters, and, of course, evolutionary psychologists are aware of this. The second issue is that the answers given to these sorts of questions are then generalized to humanity in general." also disqualifies clinical, educational and social psychology. For a much more thorough critique of social sciences, see Tal Yarkoni's upcoming paper "The generalizability crisis" (in BBS, I believe). But we only can argue against it, because we can verify it isn't true. Hypotheses generated by the phrenological assumptions simply don't hold. Heck, even astrology can be tested. She's free to attack shoddy papers, of course: the harder, the better, I say. But that doesn't disprove anything. First, I think psychology is a terribly bad science, and 95% of the papers is simply wrong. > This is obviously bogus Only if computers cannot have inner experiences. But psychology doesn't study experiences directly, it primarily studies behavior. And it does not assume they are independent of culture and language per se, even though it is the default assumption in many studies. I went to a normal European uni as well, although it did cost money (inflation corrected tuition fees were around €700 or so, and there was a room to rent and food to buy; but many courses used a syllabus written by the teachers and printed by the uni, costing a few € each, only a few required an expensive book). Nothing that should make me feel scammed. The networking thing is real, though. It's not everywhere, but if you join the right student society (Am. fraternity), it definitely exists. I worked a (long) while as a researcher and teacher at university, and networking via student societies only seems to have grown in that period. It never felt to me as useless, as killing time or delaying life. It taught me skills I don't think I could have picked up by myself. So, for this to work - you need a reasonably large set of decisions to be decided in one big election, - rational agents, even though the topics is emotional. And how do they reach the conclusion that "the system will be predisposed to dominance by special interest groups with strong, concentrated interests"? That might be in some limit towards infinity case, but in practice? And why that would be a good thing, is beyond me. I too think it's totally possible to rig such elections. E.g., if there's something group A wants, but you don't, you add something group A is totally against, so all their votes will go to the latter issue, and the status quo is kept as far as group A is concerned. Meanwhile, their votes are lost for other issues. There's no language in which you would be able to write a function for arbitrary data structures using sum(), and get a reasonable outcome. The problem with Python is that it doesn't have typing that can express "I can sum". It's not that esoteric, It's a great language for certain, smaller problems, but no more than that. There's no way I would write a larger program in awk. Not everything is a stream of lines with string fields. Plus, awk's performance is not great, the way you have to introduce local variables is more than awkward, and there are no structs. So literally a solution in search of a problem. A living income guarantee has my blessing, but UBI doesn't. It's either too low, and there's still need for welfare, unemployment benefit, etc., or so high that the (unpredictable) consequences can completely overwhelm the advantages. I suppose the "too low" bit is obvious. If UBI becomes too high, people will stop working, inflation will rise, and there won't be a safety net of subsidies and welfare left to help. So if e.g. the price of housing rises, the UBI will be eaten up more and more by rent and mortgage, and people with only UBI will be as poor as before, and people will be forced into very low paying jobs. Furthermore, I've never seen a convincing source of funding for UBI; at the first sight of an economic crisis, UBI will be lowered. At that point, there's no way to revert the UBI, leading to a new poverty trap. And reality is going to be wilder than my imagination. If the problem you're fighting is poverty, then provide welfare for poor people, stimulate work for them, make schools accessible (in backwards countries where that isn't the case), etc., but don't try to restructure society. That's just ego. Dutch system too, except for studies with a limited number of places (a tool which is unfortunately used more and more often). There are some prerequisites, though: e.g. for physics, you need to have had physics at secondary school, and for bio-medical sciences, chemistry and physics are obligatory (IIRC). I typed my first article on a Selectric using a normal and a math type ball. There was a lot of switching involved. There are probably tasks you can perform quicker when you're accustomed to syntax coloring, since the brain tends to capitalize on association with easily detected features. Finding the start of a function could be such as task, but the gain would be low (a few 100s of milliseconds, I'd guess). At the same time, it might slow down other tasks, which can be harder to identify. I was just changing some html template, and I made a dumb "extra quote"" error because of highlighting. It probably took me more than a minute, which would offset a great number of small speedups. I guess the conclusive proof won't be easy to find. Next you'll be telling me that PHP isn't a programming language. Via http you expose the GET headers, i.e. everyone can see the urls you're browsing, even if you don't login to pornhub. Taking some arbitrary definition of the word "hacker" and interpreting that rather freely makes the title look like click-bait. Can confirm (macOS). I'm not sure if I like the idea. What does it offer that DBeaver doesn't? DBeaver's auto-complete is a bit eager, and it looks like the Java application that it is, but it works, and the features Beekeeper touts are provided by DBeaver with the same ease. But DBeaver does seem to offer a lot more. The large majority apparently can't distinguish between a handful of policies, because if they could, money and power would not have the ability to influence elections, nor would charisma, yet sortition assumes they would make good leaders. I don't see it. Not really. Socialism was supposed to be sharing production means. This is just an attempt at monopolizing a cut-throat market. It's really obtrusive. It takes up too much space, perhaps only by 2 pixels on each side or so, but it's too much, the contrast is too large, the outline is too heavy, and the a m o u n t o f w h i t e s p a c e is plain annoying. Why do they persist in these ugly design shenanigans? I suppose the thought was: if two can speak about such a topic, they'll get along well. No idea if that was the case, nor about its merit. That seems rather unwarranted attempt at vilification of the language, worded in an odd way: if something sucks, it's bad, so suckless would actually be positive? But why? What's Go done to you? A few if err != nil { ... } statements too many? Thanks. I had never heard of it. That's pretty neat. I'll have to try it. The thread mentioned an alternative, https://graspablemath.com/ , which looks similar (note: only judging from the video), which you can immediately try in the browser, but that felt a bit clumsy to me. YMMV. For macOS users without brew (or not familiar with the command line), you can find all(?) releases here: https://github.com/macchrome/macstable/releases I'd never heard of %n, but I use printf's return value (the number of bytes written) for this kind of purpose, so n = printf("%s: ", prefix); printf("%s\n", line1); printf("%*s%s\n", n, " ", line2); Anything that uses a lot of CPU or pushes much data around. I use Logic to make music. Many of te plugins run on one core, and can take up 100% of it. If performance via emulation is around 50%, that means a lot of drop-outs in the sound, and basically an unworkable situation. Been there, seen it, don't want to go throug it again. The bigger plugin makers will probably port their products, but it's going to cost the user; the smaller ones may simply give up macOS completely. OTOH, the world continues using 10.14 Mojave. At least, I do. Yes, I do. And I remember the previous transitions: they were far from smooth. I've been involved in more than one platform transition, and there are always problems. Plugins are complex. I think the writer doesn't mean financial debt, but problems accrued in society due to lack of responsible maintenance over many years, so to speak. It's not free if you want a (partial) degree: https://www.uopeople.edu/tuition-free/processing-fees/ These and similar arguments have of course been made before, without much effect, I guess because it touches many sore spots, and antagonizes almost all activists. That the author felt it had to be posted anonymously does not bode well for the discussion. What they mean is that all languages have a similar sounding, very short morpheme to signal repair. That's quite the language universal. But adding rust-like lifetime annotations to a many-million-LOC code base would result in totally bricking the code with 99.99999% certainty. I tried to port an (Earley) parser from C to Rust. It wasn't even a port, but more of a rewrite with similar function structure. The first part worked well, even though I had to resort to an arena (a special type of allocator that can guarantee lifetimes at the expense of freeing them later than strictly possible). Then I tried to get in shared parse trees. It was a nightmare. It could simply not be done with the same efficiency as in C. I had to resort to using array indices instead of pointers, or use ref counting where it wasn't needed. This had quite some impact on the calling functions. And that was a few hundred lines of plain, non-tricky C. First: that's just stringing assumptions together. But etymology doesn't matter. If it would, "negro" wouldn't be a word to avoid. Actual use would matter, but the context doesn't seem to warrant that. My first AI teacher (even before '89) compared solving AI with neural nets to teaching pigs to fly by throwing them from a tower. Improvements come from building higher towers. There's a recent NLP model that was trained on a trillion words. It would take us 10,000 years to read or listen (no breaks, no sleep) to that many words. Problems like attention, and the relation between memory and sequential thinking haven't been cleared up at all. Even semantics, i.e. basic understanding of a utterance or a scene, is in its infancy. Large neural nets can help with interesting problems, but it's not going to mimic our style of thinking any time soon. O damn, that probably also means no more building docker images on the mac. If you get seriously confused, ask a question on stackoverflow. There's at least one dev around that answers. If it's a bug, they'll fix it. Like flat earth and anti-vax? To me, it seems more obvious that that's the effect of attention and manipulation in media, both "classic" and social. A suspicious attitude institutions has always existed: from the government down to the grocer, who pushes the scales down while weighing. The more the attention is drawn towards it, the greater the suspicion gets, and I feel that especially divisive attention feeds suspicion. When behavior of an institution, such as the Trump administration, is not beyond reproach, it feeds the attention cycle. Doesn't work well on Firefox. Perhaps it's an extension, but the plots disappear, there are access violations, and a few other things. Technically, it's funny: it looks like a relatively easy way to set up simulations for other people to run, with the integration with plots and viewers. However, it's simple. I don't think it'll go beyond a bit of playing around and educational purposes (which, btw, is not to be underestimated). I mention flat earth and anti-vax, because they are conspiracy theories that are not obviously driven by the government's behavior. Performance. The article pretends it's good, but it isn't. Perhaps when you compare it to Python/django/flask, but node is not the best solution for file I/O, and takes a lot of memory. Sure, but where I live, these are still held in high regard, yet anti-vax and flat earth spread here too. I don't think the institutions are the direct drivers of conspiracies. Perhaps I should have made clearer that it was in particular the word "direct" that I was responding too, not the fact that unethical or shady behavior from a government can trigger long-lasting distrust. Java (from the benchmarks page) can be quite a resource hog too, but those benchmarks are hardly relevant to servers. ES4X is written in Java, BTW. I think it's totally fair to compare node/js at least to Go. Go is quite simple: it's a GC language, almost without pitfalls except for nil and not error checking type conversions. It's really not unlike JavaScript in many aspects. Also: node's performance is ok when passing small amounts of data per request. It's when you use it to serve files (images, videos in particular) or larger data tables that it loses steam. And it will take quite a bit of memory, though, unless you start optimizing. Node is one of those environments that makes it easy to start a project, but difficult to bring it to fruition. Wine is not an emulator, as you may know. It runs the executable directly on the processor, embedded in a Windows compatible runtime. You probably mean something like Rosetta... It is a sparse file: copying it is very fast when it's empty. I don't know if the OS recognizes the space claims, but it would be logical if it did so. Q1: Who's going to pay for it? Any idea how much of an effort it is to create a video game that teaches, let's say, statistics? Or geology? Or history? It's a bit more than writing a text book or creating a series of video lectures. Q2: Who's going to check the assignments? That'll be people, because there's no system in the world that can correctly do anything else but check multiple choice tests and/or provide sensible feedback. We've been trying that for 40 years now, and the results are not hopeful. But if you've got people checking the answers and giving you feedback, you're not reducing the costs by much. And about that KSP remark: while physics is one of the few areas for which you can build decent simulations, that game won't teach you the basics of combustion, control systems or material science. It just lets you play around. That's fine, but it's no replacement for a PhD. > Logic Pro Logic isn't worth much without plugins, and I expect many smaller developers not to port to ARM, and there's nobody to fill the gap in the first years. If that is indeed the case, Apple will begin losing market share where it currently reigns. When there's no pro software, the mac will be just an iPad with a keyboard. It's quite a gamble. But I've been too pessimistic before. Some of the built-in stuff is quite good, but there's a whole lot missing. For me, it would be the sample players (Kontakt, Play, SINE, ARIA, and whatever Spitfire's sample player is called), Pianoteq, spatialization, reverbs, some of the outlandish plugins, iZotope's stuff, a PSP equalizer, and a few synths. I know other people use a wider range of plugins, and they depend on them in their workflow. They are quite likely to bail to Cubase on Windows if their plugins don't get ported. I hope not. In the presentation they mentioned homebrew, so I suppose that's something. This reply has a non-paywalled version: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23629916 . Don't know if it's identical, but the gist seems to be the same. Renaissance is 15th and 16th century, painting is said to be 17th. And all those fruits: are they really ripe at the same time? Peaches, pears and grapes? Grapes are normally picked at the end of summer, and pears are early. And of course, both kind of foot are defined in meters. You can charge existing iPhones with generic chargers; you only need the lightning cable (which comes with the phone). IMO, it's not the web-developers, it's the web-site owners. The devs (well, the small sample I know) is not interested in collecting user information to make a better fingerprint. It's not only ugly: whenever I click in it to edit a URL (pasting in different UUIDs for testing, things like that), the change of font size means I don't know where the selection is. That's so confusing. Perhaps it's a macOS thing. TBH, there are a lot of other factors that make Germany a decent place. A less polarized society is one of them, a representative parliament another. IMO, it takes more than a law to keep it civilized. That kind of AI has been tried, 30 years ago, and it doesn't go far enough. It's really difficult to get that out of the toy domains. They have the log files. AMP is of course not P2P. No, it seems to interpret the text/python script tag. I've just finished rewriting a standalone python application into a JS browser application, and runtime went from 20 minutes to 1.5s. The most important factor is that the original programmer didn't know what convolution is and that it's a linear operation, but in those 1.5s, V8 manages to run thousands of times through a 250k pixel array, convolve it, and draw it; changing the color mapping takes a mere 4ms, so it can be done with responsive controls. Python just can't do that. Edit: this thing transpiles to JS, apparently, so it might perform. There's probably a long tail of domains bought, used once (if at all), and forgotten. The registrars aren't going to be happy holding these in some kind of quarantine. Hear, hear. So it can translate itself? > Translate the translator (par.sed) with itself: Yes! Congrats! Yeah, the arguments aren't great, but redundancy is of course not the same as not using. A better argument would be, that (AFAIK) no-one has ever found a large group of idle neurons, nor do neurons only function 10% of the time. To me it looks like financial interest packaged in vague claim of freedom, too. Yes, 30% is ridiculous, that's what you could really call an Apple tax, but arguments such as "Russian startups fail to make money by paying 30% to Apple" are equally ridiculous. It's just about his game platform, and the money it would have made. Sure, they provide all that, but it can be done for less than $15B. Apple has around 150,000 employees. That's $100k per employee, assuming all work on the iOS and iPad app stores, which is obviously not the case. And like that, an unholy alliance between left-wing and right-wing agitators and ad-buyers puts objectivity in the press at stake, and with it the future of democracy. Will this also remove (part of) the power of shady companies like Emerdata Ltd, formerly known as Cambridge Analytica? My first thought was of course along the lines of "a flattened n-ary tree representation", but no, it's about real trees, or rather, pictures of them. Well worth a click. Iceland, of course, has only 360.000 inhabitants. 32 different countries? Iceland doesn't necessarily generalize to denser populations. Even the capital, Reykjavik, has a low population density, 472/km2, whereas New York has over 10,000/km2. With that style of argumentation, you can say that NNs have even more input than humans: they also have all of the technical development of the last 50,000 years built into them. And so is GPT-3. And the same goes for GPT-3 and the resources it needs. Thanks for that. I'd never heard of him. What’s a dream then? But that's a model of how you think it works. It's not what a dream is. But that's no reason to make it an Olympic sport, thus encouraging people to take more risks. Didn't you know our neurons have a 384 bit resolution? At the same time, the runtime has been upped from 50ms to 15mins, and much faster cold starts, according to https://www.theregister.com/2020/07/27/cloudflare_serverless... . That might get them more customers. Then you should be able to see even better now, since there is more light. The places I've visited where light pollution is low, are really, really dark at night. Speech must have evolved before cooking. (8) Animals communicate mainly via sound. Most don't even have hands. Which makes IQ a talking point for racists, and "general intelligence" an almost unfalsifiable defence against it. Ad 1. Background light pollution doesn't create a sharp contrast. But it's irrelevant, since that's something so recent that it can't have any influence on this topic. 2. Where it's really dark, you can't see. Period. No amount of waiting will help. That path leads to a world of hurt: what does "actually exist" mean? Isn't it enough that we can perceive consciousness or its absence in ourselves and others? Isn't it enough to define it (my words, not very carefully thought out) as something that at least entails the capability to think about a situation, real or hypothetical, including your own state and thoughts and communications, understanding some of the consequences of action in such a state, choosing an action, accepting responsibility, etc., up to philosophy, meta-cognition and beyond? The fact that it's hard to define, doesn't mean it doesn't exist. I believe it was Minsky who said, somewhere in the 1970s or 1980s: consciousness is simply a feedback loop. It's of course much too simple, but I too am convinced consciousness can't exist without it. I too think that that's just folk psychology, with little or no proof. I'm pretty forgiving, but there's one person, a one time best friend, I cannot forgive. However, I don't dwell upon it, and it doesn't exact a toll. I think they chose "forgiveness" just to draw attention. He was in Vienna during the last years of his life, busy and in bad health, I believe. There's only a superficial connection to the French revolution, AFAIK: in 1786, Mozart set Figaro's Wedding to music, of which Wikipedia writes "The play's denunciation of aristocratic privilege has been characterised as foreshadowing the French Revolution". I believe that's not the issue: the remote machine which performs the calculations on the encrypted data is TM complete and can perform unbounded loops. Comparison is the puzzler for me too: e.g., how do you take min(a, b) if you don't know how a and b compare? We know that F(a) + F(b) = F(a + b), so the remote machine can use "normal" addition operations, but still a > b and F(a) Then again, it just occurred to me that perhaps fully homomorphic implies that F(0) = 0 and F(1) = 1, so a > b could become F(a - b) ρ 0, and you only need to determine beforehand if ρ is > or Quite some time ago, I worked in a company that hired a independent contractor for writing some non-trivial code (low level NLP) in C or C++ and interfacing it with a slightly opaque proprietary API. The guy came with an impeccable resume, or so we thought until we found out 6 weeks later that he'd been busy typing garbage, and not a lot of it either. He claimed these 100 to 200 lines were some form of design, but it was so utterly ridiculous that he was sent away immediately. I did have some experience with the API, and ended up with a working module of 2600 lines over a few days. Numpy is written in C. What are Julia’s functions written in? But doesn’t it only imply that an NP-complete problem can be solved with a certain probability in P time? I knew the first part, but I had totally underestimated the importance of a lower bound on the probability, independent of the length of the input. Such a flashback. I even had Rebol on my resume back in 2002, under the "scripting languages". I'll be damned if I can remember how it works, though. > all the accents and letters Nowadays, holding down a key will show a pop-up with all the accent options, which you can then select by mouse or by typing the number under it, much like on iOS. The option route is my preferred one, as it's faster, but the new one is much more accessible to people without keyboard prowess. It does traverse the folders to do just that; look at your CPU usage with that option on. For me, it just opens the application's "Help". Nice touch (sry, pun was unintended). Cmd-shift-5 does this even better: it allows you to select a part of the screen with 4 drag handles, and gives you the option to capture to disk, clipboard, mail, with a timer, etc. No, it opens the actual help window or link. The menu doesn't get selected. Probably by supporting the Red Cross, Medicins sans Frontiers, etc. Where I live, you can donate to all collaborating charities with a simple bank transaction. They state that €25 provides clean water for 10 families, €50 gets mattresses and blankets for two families, etc. The article does not really warrant the title. The best evidence seems to be "a meta-analysis of 23 studies on mitochondria and anxiety: 19 demonstrated “significant adverse effects of psychological stress on mitochondria”", but that's the other way around. And there are of course many factors associated with anxiety and other mental health issues that do not seem related to mitochondria. Nobody is going to deny that a badly functioning component in your body can affect your mental health, and some of the mechanisms sound interesting, but not enough to call mitochondria the "key to anxiety and mental health". It's more like: an easily overlooked factor that can contribute. Possibly because commenting on those threads is a minefield, so nobody votes for them and they end up quickly forgotten. On other sites, much of the posts are fueled by indignation. That's a bit less here, and very few people are going to reply: "yeah, I know. It's a shame.", especially because that's against the rules. But it's only a possible factor. > Why is this on HN? Relatively many students and recently graduated under the members, more than on e.g. reddit? > Thinking in general works very much like vision. Well, that's a sweeping statement. No reason to read any further. One simple argument against it: thinking about problems is supported by much more memories, and of a different kind, than e.g. face recognition, and it's much slower, too. > Well, when two things are more similar, it takes longer to distinguish them. But that's not the only thing that can slow perception down; e.g. it's also been shown that rotation slows down perception. This theory (that similarity slows down comparison) also doesn't have any implication about the locus of the delay: the interference in the comparison could come from anywhere in the visual system, so it would only support the hypothesis that the tilted coin looks more like an ellipse than a non-rotated coin. That's a deserved, but harsh criticism of modern art. > Why is human insight needed Idk, but proof is certainly needed. If the code reduces by symmetry, that part of the code should be proven correct (too). Like (partial) functions as values, you can pass along the message/method, e.g. as a parameter to another function. In other languages, you'd have to create a function for each message/method, and more than one if it's overloaded (although I don't know how Elena handles that). I've seen other weird behavior, even from people with a fair bit of computer experience. Techie instinct is not the right basis for making UI decisions. A Turing Machine can be a very simple device: it depends on the size of the transition function. The model in the video has a small one. Implementing the Analytical Engine would make it pretty big. Number of people working for intelligence services in my country: around 2000. Number of people working in education: 342100. It won't make a dent. Intelligence: €150M - €250M (estimates are bit unclear) Education: € 30B IP address, country, goodread account details, each page turn, exact page location, etc., seem unnecessary for that. Why do you think this is online? BTW, they didn't make life easy for themselves by having a field called "number of records". I asked something like "what's the number of records" and "what's the sum of the number of records", but it kept replying with `SELECT COUNT(*) FROM wines;`. - You can get the directory structure in Finder windows. - The short cuts are not a mess, they're just not what you're used to. - macOS may still look similar to previous versions, but, to my taste, anything touched by gnome is a macOS ripoff that looks downright oversized and is either gaudy or too dark. - Today I tried to get a database manager for mongodb on Ubuntu 20.04 that is more than a wrapper around the command line. Nowhere to be found. And let's not mention video editing, music making, and gaming. You prefer Linux, fine, but please don't diss the rest. To be fair, docker doesn't run well on macOS. I've got a few containers that are mostly idle on Linux, but take two cores on my mac. I'm not sure, but can you actually access a drive on Linux while it's being fsck'd? It sounds quite logical not to mount the drive, although perhaps one could get some mileage from mounting it RO. > Apple completely hides what is actually going on from the user That's intentional. I know people, ranging from barely computer-aware to MSc., who don't/can't understand what you would mean by resolution. Or exFAT. Or kill -9. However, they do know how to mess up with the slightest amount of power given to them. Hiding the system is a boon. I'm a computer enginer, and for me, macOS is a great blend of power and simplicity/usability. I won't be happy if they mess up the OS or the hardware. The corporate bullshit (quotes at the end of the article) is again off the charts. Who are they trying to fool? Abolishing homework will only lead to less knowledge transfer. Most teachers are not good, so self-study is essential. Teaching how to study is part of the curriculum on the schools I've seen. Random trivia should not be taught, but cleaning and fixing? Next you'll want to teach morals. If it quacks ... The "supreme leader's preferred presidential candidate" may not always win, but he has to obey the supreme leader and his gang anyway. It's pretty close to a dictatorship, even if it's usually couched as "theocracy". This is getting absurd: a representative democracy as many European countries have is not a close relation to the GP's "semi democratic" Iran. It's as "subjective" as being hit with a brick. And why would "sort of" subjectivity be sufficient for simulation? The only interpretation is that the author uses the word subjective to mean "a set of relations". It doesn't sound like math, more like pseudo-philosophical sci-fi. It also seems to assume that simulation of physical processes can be highly accurate and efficient, and that the function that represents "I" doesn't interact with the environment. It's easy to see how it got to mean "follow an idea of perceived potential high rewards", especially since the phrase itself sounds (vaguely) positive. Since people started using literally meaning figuratively , such changes no longer surprise me. Was it former territory? China has seen various power takeovers since the start of British rule in Hong Kong. In 1842, was ruled by the Qing dynasty, in 1912 it became the Republic of China, and in 1949, the Chinese Communist Party took over, leaving Taiwan to the Nationalist government. So you could also argue that Hong Kong should have been returned to Taiwan. Not that that could have happened, but it's not clear cut, IMO. No, it wasn't. My point was more the ambiguity of territorial claims. It's apparently a common word, a demonstrative pronoun, similar to "that". Pretty hard to avoid without language acrobatics. TBH, this is already quite a step. There's much more data available. I worked on systems that also had LPRs (license plate readers), and they generate more detailed information: you'd get 1M vehicle passings per day in a medium-sized city. But they're privacy sensitive. Same goes for bluetooth detection or face recognition. Data owners aren't going to expose that kind of fine-grained data to the general public easily. In a complex discussion, these devices are rarely useful. And the fallacies are only meant to invalidate your opponent's arguments, and sometimes incorrectly: e.g. a debate on the merits of refactoring ultimately has no logical resolution, only reasonable expectations based on experience and authority. On contrast, the article is more about maintaining relations and work culture than deciding a debate, which is indeed vague, but at least as valuable. Intersteller (with -er, indeed)? How did it pick that one up as an alternative for Inception? There is something with that title, but no information in IMDb. Anyway, for the rest it looks similar to Netflix' recommendation: similarity in actors, directors, keywords. A toy. That requires a lot of goodwill from the reader: "I'm going to try to find this interesting because it's supposed to be a poem." Suppose you find a scrap of paper with the text (which I'm sure you haven't seen before): I withdraw and wait. This is time that doesn't get lost: each minute becomes future. I am an ocean of waiting, in a waterproof envelope of now. (*) Or you'd find a scrap of paper with the text lighght Isn't there a difference? I can appreciate the attempt in the latter, I think the "cricket" one is at least funny, but can it withstand comparison with Shakespeare? It's not a coincidence that the the article starts with the mention of Oulipo: it's word play, the joy of expressing under extreme constraints, rather than poetry. (*) Source: Eb (English: Ebb) by M. Vasalis, in a loose translation. It's a form of art, no doubt. And you can consider it better or worse art. I think the problem is forcing the label "poem" onto these utterances, probably because of the historically acquired status that it brings along. As such, I say: it requires a lot of goodwill from the reader. But then the solution becomes: stop using computers, because the kind of sophistication required is out of reach for a very large part of the population. So, computers will stay part of everyday life. Making the interface simple and predictable, and locking features that can be abused may be fighting the symptom, but it's better than nothing. First macOS, then iOS, and then Android, have made some inroads. My mother is very clumsy around computers, but a iPad she can manage. It's not perfect, but much better than 10 or 20 years ago. Tablets and phones are computers, IMO. They're still general purpose machines. For many tasks, their interfaces are less confusing than a desktop's interface, which is progress, but when it comes to web apps, there's no difference, and especially phones can be really clumsy. Not using computers would be falling back to paper forms and mail. This leaves me slightly perplexed. Care to describe what happened in a bit more detail? Mandarin isn't the #1 spoken language ( ), certainly not under software engineers, and is geographically very limited. And while speaking it may be about as hard as any other language, reading and writing are definitely more complex than English. ( ) e.g. see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_languages_by_total_num... As much as I liked CDs, they don't last forever. I've lost a few already, due to damage to the reflective layer, probably from small errors during manufacturing. Bad handling can of course damage them too. From the article: > ..., two young women stared open-mouthed. “How did you manage to get hold of it?” asked one. “ ... it’s environment-friendly" Part of its appeal is to the lazy and stupid. OTOH, riding a bicycle in Paris is not ideal, although the safety of this thing doesn't convince me either. There's a test for normality. Well, I knew one, Kolmogorov, but Wikipedia already lists 8. What data scientist doesn't know of such a test? And how would you fit the data? There's not one, unique way to fit. And as you say, a small deviation can mean a lot: if you use L2 distance, the errors at the outer regions of a normal distribution are probably dwarfed by any deviation that occurs more towards the center. I would have blindly gone for KS... I can't remember when the US built concentration camps specifically for a remote Muslim minority, or when they built islands to falsely stake territorial claims, or ... Your arguments have been cherry-picked in a such a way, that "bad faith" comes to mind. My wife works at an institute for higher education that's allowed to call itself "university of applied sciences" abroad. Their board has come up with the silliest of policy documents over the summer, which can almost be summarized as "strive for high quality education, and keep safe", leaving all of the practical matters to be decided in 2 weeks time by the department heads. There didn't even think of some way to coordinate head counts among departments that share buildings. On their website's front page, there's a link "Corona virus -> read more", which gives a 404. That's a "university". Those who can't, teach. And those who can't teach, apparently become director of education. If you want to see what it can do for you, wxMaxima is an easier entry, with at least an attempt at a GUI: https://github.com/wxMaxima-developers/wxmaxima/releases , although macOS is quite badly supported. I had explicitly written "remote Muslim minority" to point exactly at the Uyghurs, while avoiding connotations like Guantanamo, or the Japanese internment camps in WW2, to undermine the sloppy argumentation of the post I replied to. > You could cherry-pick My point was exactly that the parent was cherry picking, quite heavily. My point was that the parent (to which I replied) was some serious cherry picking, and I replied to show one could reverse the argument by applying the same argumentation. BTW, holding the US responsible for "muslim deaths" in Iraq and Afghanistan is a bit weird. In 2016, US-led forces were responsible for 1200 deaths (the peak over the last decade), while the ISIL accounted for almost 9000. Check iraqbodycount.org. Can be done in one go: just check the type of the left and right operand at the end of X -> expr "=>" expr, or assign "=>" the highest priority when following a tuple, X -> tuple ("=>" "{" body "}")?. The first sentence appears written for the Bulwer Lytton contest. Search results seem to have worsened around a year ago. Nowadays, when I can't find what I want, I often end up on google, which then frequently does find it. A bit annoying. > Once we’re on renewables we can just let market pricing wipe out things that aren’t efficient enough to be worth it. Only if there is something that can compete on efficiency and price. And transitioning to renewable/sustainable energy becomes easier if consumption is lower. It must be the ł... If you're a "media" producer, you can use them to build your game, soundtrack, presentation, etc. Once you're satisfied, and the product will be published, you can decide to get a license. You've seen the price: buying such licenses beforehand is only for dedicated professionals. There have always been rumors about such back doors, but even the public ones, encryption schemes, have never been proven by pure analysis. As far as back doors in code goes, have a look at this: http://underhanded-c.org/ . It's a pity it seems to have been short lived. I can think of four reasons: A. It's only speculated that Trump has some sort of special relation with Putin; it's by no means certain, and if so, this might not be part of their relation. B. A relation between Trump and Putin doesn't have to mean much for the rest of the administration. C. Assange is just a pawn. D. Why would Trump draw even more attention to himself? Then it needs some authoritative source, a leak, or result of a raid. Which was my point: analyzing the Windows XP code most likely is not going to prove there's a US mandated backdoor. I'm doing precisely that and never have a problem. Weird. That doesn't make any sense. > Colourisation does not bring us closer to the past; it increases the gap between now and then. It does not enable immediacy; it creates difference. This really makes me wonder. How does it increase the gap, in comparison to B&W pictures? How is the difference not there already? And why is that bad? So I checked the source of that quote, and there is no argumentation. None. And (IMO), the whole point of "They shall not Grow Old" is that something like WW1 can happen again, and you, yes, you personally, will suffer if it does. Everyone has to realize that the people in that old footage are just like you and me, and Peter Jackson's film manages to effectively bridge the gap that blurry, jittery, B&W footage has, precisely by making it look recent. I don't know what you mean by factual distance. Those buildings and people were definitely not black, white or gray. Now they've got a color which is (in most cases) much closer to the original. The original recording was probably also distorted in other ways as well. You might say you're not looking at the (probably) only reliable source of information for that particular scene, but that's an entirely different proposition. Two, in RAID 1. Very YAML. I checked the example, and the difference is that YAML places the > following the attribute name, and this format places it before the text. BTW, I happen to like YAML as a configuration format. It's much more readable than JSON. It's not that suitable for serialization, and probably shouldn't be used to create huge config files, but for the rest, it's as good as it gets. That study might be not support the wild conclusion in the title. They determined fluency in two languages (Spanish and Catalan) in people hospitalized in and around Barcelona. There are some hard-core Catalans that hardly --or even refuse to-- speak Spanish there, but not that many in Barcelona, but there are (many) people from other regions in Spain who are not fluent in Catalan, because they started working and living there a long time ago, when speaking Catalan simply was not needed, or perhaps still forbidden. These will be older, poorer and more frequently hospitalized. So they might simply be looking at two very different groups. Not a word about that in the abstract. I can't access the article. If actively speaking two languages has an influence, I wouldn't expect much of a difference between Spanish and Catalan: they are close enough to be seen as dialects. They should test this on e.g. English/Urdu speakers or Hungarian/Rumanian. Yeah, it was events, the file system, watchers. The new version is great. That you probe your customer's networks, I can understand, but, but why would you scan other people's networks? I encountered a bunch, always trying the same, lame URLs for a PHP framework bug or a Wordpress config error, sometimes a hundred variations in a few seconds. What's the point? Same goes for all these ssh connections, but they seem to be real hacking attemps. As far as viruses are concerned: when washing your hands can keep diseases at bay, that's good enough for me. Then you study DNA at school, you experiment a bit with drosophila, you read about Mendel and evolution, and it makes sense, doesn't it? It isn't faith, it well calculated trust. > Science is absolutely equivalent to religion And that's why we see people smitten by lightning every day. These issues are unrelated, or: it's not a choice between Apple and freedom. First, yes, buying iOS is a partial lock-in. But so is almost every other consumer choice: only if you stick to FOSS and open document formats, and are technical enough to convert your own documents once your apps are no longer supported, you may consider yourself free. Otherwise, lock-in is a given. The lock-in isn't full, either: pictures, email, videos, bookmarks, etc. can be exported to other devices. Second: if you buy Apple, you don't give up the right to protest them. Since the company depends on its customers, pressure can be effective. This is in contrast with free products, where customer pressure can turn counter-productive. IANAG, but it sounds like it's recorded through a speaker in the room, and the miking wasn't optimal. Now that might be the recording we watch, or the actual output of the plugin; no way to tell. But apart from that, it's quite good, IMO. (I Am Not A Guitarist) Come on... > (to whom?) Objectively. > is not description of a sound It is, as much as "piano" is a description. People are interested in emulating hardware in their audio software, and this emulates a guitar amp, and the price tag claims "it's a decent sound". > If this emulates a particular amp, the title should say which one No. > If it does a good job at emulating a particular amp, where's the side by side comparison? The video demo only shows the plug-in. Perhaps, but the article is about getting a free plugin. > There are plethora of guitar amp plugins. What makes this one any different or better? Nothing per se. It's just a new one. And it's free. It's an announcement. > What's the significance of deep learning here? That it's an uncommon way of modeling hardware, with its own merits. > The only issue with Python is speed That's a big one. Memory usage and typing are other issues. That it doesn't really run in the browser is another. Or that it has more issues than C++ when trying to write a portable GUI. It's fine for education and prototyping. The recursive version of Fibonacci is generally not tail recursive, but f(n) = f(n - 1) + f(n - 2). The point of recursion is not recursion, but a better way to write code. Better can be more readable, less errors, whatever, but adding two parameters to the Fibonacci function for the sake of introducing tail recursion, where even iteration is more understandable, is pointless. There goes Merriam Webster's reputation. Not because of labeling the word offensive, but because a dictionary is supposed to be an authoritative source on the meaning of words. Whether you think it should express a predominantly historical view or one that mirrors current use, updating a definition because one person said so yesterday is not acceptable. Advertising agencies are doing well in Europe, thank you. Perhaps you mean companies that sell online profiles based on (ad) tracking? I often did get replies, but usually they were "We've fixed it now. Simply upgrade to the new version of macOS." Of course, that wasn't necessarily true. Once, I got a whole correspondence over non-working WiFi (which they didn't resolve, but which I eventually traced to, indeed, a Trust USB-C splitter). However, if you file bugs for Logic Pro, they get addressed rather quickly. They even take suggestions. I guess it depends on which team gets the bug. I'm happy to report that the text doesn't change size upon selection anymore. I think that some time ago they hit "peak address bar", but now that text size change has gone, it's perfectly usable again. That's good news. That was one of the things for which I had to switch to Chrome. Even for shell scripts? I'm still on Mojave, and now I've got even less appetite to upgrade. Yeah, crime just started paying better. I don't think that's an issue of freedom: drivers can drive for the company they like, just not as a wage slave. For now. If Uber gets away with it, all taxi companies will follow, and the situation changes. Quick link for info on the author: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chetan_Bhagat , an investement banker turned novel and screen writer, who also writes about the Indian society. I had never heard of him, but "He was included in Time magazine's list of World's 100 Most Influential People in 2010." > The issue is what you do on a phone, not the phone itself. Now try that with tobacco. Indeed, in a very technical sense of the word, cigarettes nor mobile phones are not the issue. But telling people "just stop smoking" didn't do the trick. Yes, it is a rebuttal. Without further information, you have to assume the default meaning of "explains x%", so Taleb's claim is wrong. The article quoted doesn't even mention the data or the test. Taleb's article doesn't mention the data used, as far as I can see. Sure, because the effect cannot be linear, but then Taleb's article loses any merit, and it's 1-0 for JSMP anyway. Not that I'm defending IQ. I find it a weird measure, and certainly not one in which to base all trust, but it does seem to correlate reasonably with many outcomes. That other factors also have an influence on these outcomes, and that IQ is not purely measuring intelligence, does not discredit it as a (limited) predictor. Taleb's article would be much stronger if he could point at better predictors. TBH, that's not a problem of LALR(1), or any of the other, more old fashioned methods. I've written an LL(1) parser generator that (generates a function that) parses modern awk, without semicolons, but with operator-less concatenation, and that can deal with tokens that can be keywords and identifiers (which is also needed for e.g. FORTRAN). As long as your language is deterministic, it can be expressed as an LR grammar, although legibility might suffer. Here's your writing prompt for today: Meanwhile, in the Kremlin ... "Common in Europe" isn't really accurate either. I've never seen one. I feel you, but then again, Python applications tend to deployed anyway, so a speed boost can be welcome for some. Memory usage looks better, too. For those wondering how it works: it's explained in the article linked in the third paragraph. It takes advantage of aliasing. Very costly? That would require some serious evidence. And even then, so what? In JS, undefined is also typical for uninitialized fields and variables, so undefined can show up without a typo. And if you've got typos, why not use e.g. TypeScript? You need to add // @ts-check at the top of the file: https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/intro-to-js-ts.... It's a pity there's no (link to the) definition of language they used. With so many, where do you draw the line? Why? Aren't they rather close, and more of a language family than two distinct languages? I must say, I find it ugly as well; I prefer e.g. 100 000 over 100_000. It's the "easy to parse" solution, I guess. I'll check it out. I'm also afraid that the hindsight will be blinding. The "communication experts" seem intent on outdoing each other. I remember reading an announcement from stackoverflow (IIRC) which had hired someone for community management. They were, and I quote, "beyond excited." How ridiculous is that? I believe in dog-fooding, using your own products. That holds for programmers and UI designer, who should use the software they build, but also for architects and CTOs: they should experience the effect of their decisions, and taking part in the design and coding can help. There's this: https://www.musipedia.org/ I usually go first for the "piano" interface, but the other options can be useful too. We'll have to find out. If the virus is suppressed for 6-12 months, it's basically eradicated, and vaccination would only have to start once it starts spreading again. The rate of spreading will depend on factors such as international travel and how much people will have learned from this period. I expect/fear that everyone will try to get life as before as soon as possible, so the extra delay after the vaccine wears off might be negligible. Do I notice a hint of resentment? > where would the anti-virus, hardware memory tagging and security consultancy companies be Selling laptops with 128 cores and 1TB RAM? One word: keyboard. I develop, and make music with rather substantial sample libraries, but 16GB is still comfy. 32GB is not worth it, IMO. The phrase "swim in their lanes" riles me in this context. While a photo and some basic personal data would help, dating is not an activity where social cooperation between competing parties is needed to ensure a better outcome. And there's no pool attendant either. It's not up to you to decide who gets to date whom. https://www.nhs.uk/conditions/sudden-infant-death-syndrome-s... Film at eleven. It's not about that, it's about the phrasing "swim in your lane". That means imposing social rules, and belittling people who behave differently. Taken in extremis, it can be interpreted as: ugly should only date ugly. Just a nitpick: don't say dopamine production when you mean reward. Dopamine may be involved in some feelings of reward, but it's certainly not the only factor, and it also doesn't simply signal "pleasure" or "achievement" to the rest of your brain. IIRC, it's not at all certain that a sense of achievement can be compared to the typical scenarios in which dopamine is mentioned: eating, drugs. If you block JS, you can at least read it. Well, they did speed it up, or so they claim. OTOH, the Finder windows look tidier, at least in the article's screen shots. TBH, I didn't expect this. I've been wary of the iOSification of the mac for a while now (and following that, splitting Apple, effectively killing the mac), but I hadn't expected them to do something so dumb with the network routing. What benefit does it bring them? Up until now, you could change the settings to something dev friendly, while leaving them strict for people like my father, who clicks on things he shouldn't click on. It is not short sighted, it's a useful protection against malware. The only time he got in trouble was when he ran an installer, entered the admin password and installed one of these "protect your mac" apps that don't protect, but only pester you into paying a subscription. I had to remove that file by file. OTOH, the amount of shit my in-laws' PC went through is unbelievable. They no longer use it: they've got an iPad. Isn't it management's task to reign that in? Aren't they responsible? For LL and LR languages. Not for general CFGs. The abstract also mentions other classes, but isn't specific, probably referring to other deterministic classes of CFG. There is a very large list of binaries that can potentially be downloaded, each of which can have hundreds or thousands of versions, while the number of known virus fingerprints is relatively small. From what I understood, Gatekeeper still sends an application specific hash/ticket when an application is opened, not just a dev certificate (e.g. https://lapcatsoftware.com/articles/catalina-executables.htm... ). Did that change in Big Sur? But the first lookup would have to stay, with all the implications that the proposed alternative (download a list of all certs/tickets) was meant to overcome. I would also think that the "social" in "social media" refers to human interaction and conversation. ALGOL-68 already had a prelude. But it works best if you first read a few of the others, like the ones mentioned above, or the Miss Marple books The Mirror Crack'd from Side to Side, A Pocket Full of Rye, or They Do It with Mirrors. I don't see how: awk is almost completely, but not entirely, unlike sql. The thing I would foremost like is an easier way to handle multiple file input; then you could join the result any way you want. All that flexibility only has use when the TypeScript code needs to interact with something terribly unruly: JavaScript code or some API that isn't typed properly. While it's nice that you can model in your code, it brings the distinct possibility that people will start using it to write very sloppy types and/or patch things up afterwards, leading to worse code. So far, I've always used MathPad for these kind of things (not the MathPad currently in the App Store, but the one written by Mark Widholm). That's an ancient application: first version was 1993, the latest version (3.0.4) dates from 2012, but it still runs on Catalina. It doesn't have the "English-ish" features of numi, but for simple, sequential calculations, it looks very similar. Apart from that, it can read files, plot in 2D and 3D, and read files. But I'm definitely going to take a look of the two you mentioned. inl, imm, mut, mat ... I see a pattern. Interesting. I'll translate this bit from the entry: One can also find periodical sequences for other natural numbers. E.g., * for 11, the sequence +1, -1, ... * for 13, the sequence 1, -3, -4, -1, 3, 4, ... For most divisors, it is not practical to test divisibility this way, as there are only few easily remembered weight sequences. Isn't the answer as simple as: the definition of multiplication (or division)? I mean: you can apply that definition also to the original numbers; these are just tricks to make it easier/faster. I think (but I'm also someone who likes more densely packed interfaces) that it boils down to "discoverability" and friends: a sparse interface with a few well chosen controls can be easier to explore and navigate, precisely because there is less information. So on the one hand it eases the task of the user (cognitive load, if you want), and on the other it forces the builder to prioritize. If that leads to difficulties for complex and infrequent tasks, it's only a disadvantage for the more technically oriented user. I also like to do as much as possible via the keyboard, but that rarely works on websites anyway. They don't have to be incompatible: quite a few shortcuts in MS Word still work, even though they've change the UI model several times, and (at least in Office) they're customizable. I agree that suggesting a contact based on digits is a very odd feature, one of the type "because we can". I can't imagine it being helpful at all, really: almost all users know how to operate the contact list. It might not be a hard boundary, but I think the perception of ML vs. optimization is how much of a model you have. If all you have is a black box, then it's ML; if you know how the system you are studying works, it's (parameter) optimization. And they say journalism is dead. There were no machines in the sense of ML in 1740. Certainly the "side loading" option would increase complexity, or it would make a large group of iPad users load applications, mess up their iPad or expose their data, and then complain to Apple. The iPad's strength is that it's hard to break its functionality. You can pair a €15 bluetooth keyboard with it. True, but the safety/stability is (IMO) a great selling point. Not for the people here, but for the non-technical crowd it's definitely a plus. I don't. It doesn't make sense for 99.9% of my communications. I'm also not sure my typical recipient would know how to handle signed emails. As long as the recipe isn't copyrighted, or obtained while under an NDA, I don't see the problem. The trademark is not being used to sell cheese. If we follow your style of reasoning strictly, it would also be forbidden to make videos or documentaries like "How Coca Cola became a success in the Soviet Union" or "Animals tortured in test lab" (although for the latter case, there would obviously be a need to substantiate the claim). Nice read for Friday night. Now, where's my biro ( http://bhscsi.blogspot.com/2009/02/lieden-ballpoint-murder-c... , or https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balpenmoord if you can read Dutch)? But surely you can explain how they make it there? Or can you only explain how champagne is made when you are an seventh generation inhabitant of the Champagne region and the video is hosted at youtube.chmp.fr? I don't think PDO (if you meant Protected Designation of Origin) applies to information. That would entirely depend on the distance to the store, and the assumption you'd always use a car. That's no reason to lower the bar even further. The one I replied to gives as reason: you can't stop them all. Let's just give everyone a MSc, shall we? The professors are overworked already. So that's one reason not to. Second, cheating is also fairly easy on open questions. Just get someone to prompt you the answers. That's what the proctoring software is for. But it's the style of justification: because you can't catch them all, just ignore the problem. That's not ok. Education is supposed to teach you something else than cheating. Warm or cold? I've got bad experiences with go startup (i.e., cold runs). They're much more expensive than I would have expected. If node can indeed run in 40ms (as https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=25267211 says), then I'm surely going back to JS. My experience is that Go cold start takes around 900ms. Processing (parsing a JSON message, verifying it with one DynamoDB look-up, and storing it in DynamoDB) then takes between 11ms and 105ms. Go does use less memory than node, though, and that also counts in Lambda. I hadn't expected it either, but it loads node faster. Perhaps via some VM trick? For log, you could also write x ^-1 y if you want uniformity, although it looks rather ugly and confusing to me. That's unfair in this context: Apple has been using the most mainstream desktop/laptop/server CPU architecture there was (and still is using it in certain models), and their new processor is ARM, which may be the most ubiquitous architecture at the moment. They're doing nothing that requires adding new layers of abstraction for normal software engineering. As hinted at in the article, that becomes technical debt that can be really difficult to get rid of later. Of course, optimizing may create another kind of debt, but that Firefox has lost the race from a very convenient lead is telling. Ideally (IMO), if you want to optimize development time, also consider future development time. But isn't it commonly accepted that ML systems reflect the bias in the data, and that it's hard to predict and control the bias in advance? Third: identifying words that appear in the dictionary, but are not used properly. And that's not looking at compounds and agglutinative languages. But there's no need to look that far: capitalization isn't even 100% solved. The article does software development and linguistics a bad service by suggesting spell checking is just loading a dictionary into memory. I guess you can write some javascript that adds an iframe to the page and with the link as the source. I just cloned it, replaced "old.reddit.com" by "teddit.net", and it works. Not sure what the paths "poll" and "rpan" and such are, though. The cost of reading may be lower than ever, but people read less than before. And there's no need to compare current figures to the 1850s: the 1970s will do fine. Yes, but there is no mention of debugging. In the hands of Excel cowboys, this can become another foot gun. Without the container struct, you'd have to pass the pointer to the pointer of the first element, remove(&head, elem), or assign the return value back to it, head = remove(head, elem). A container also allows you to maintain a counter and a tail pointer, for fast append and insert. Above all, a container makes it harder to return a pointer to just somewhere in the middle of the list and treat that as the head. I can of course only offer anecdata, but my SO's asthma disappears during spring/summer, to return when the cold sets in. Gas usage inside the house is constant, since the central heating boiler is outside. Now, it might not be temperature or humidity, but it isn't the result of burning more gas. I sort of see where you come from, but it's practical, easy, and covers all the bases. Nobody ever got fired over choosing bootstrap, so to speak. It may not be a bold design choice, but for most, good enough is good enough. Sure, but others were pointing at heating as a source, and in my SO's case, that does not seem likely. However, the use of the gas stove is constant throughout the year, so it is probably more complex. An induction stove is planned for early next year, so I might be able to observe differences. I see a go binary, stand alone. And a lot of symbols. Jesus, that's a lot of symbols. > coreutils Including mindbogglingly complex tools such as wc and y. > most of which is device drivers Dull stuff that every bootcamp graduate can write. I think you've captured the essence of why people thing "GNU/Linux" is such a pedantic moniker. It could also help proliferate hacking bank accounts and identity theft. People cannot be trusted with computers. They install everything that crosses their path. History has shown that, and has shown that that is a great way to get your malware onto someone's machine. The App Store, whatever you may think of the pricing, successfully prevents that, and it should not be taken away in the name of fake liberty, or someone's commercial interest. And Scotch too is an adjective, of origin. But since you never separate it from the head noun (the omitted whiskey ), it will always come last. Writing grammar rules is obsessing over a few phrases, and declaring everything that doesn't follow the pattern you've found in those an exception. You're equating real, personal affection with a machine going trough the motions. I can't believe you're both serious and respecting these poor souls. That's, as they say, a big if. There's absolutely no reason to assume it's true. BTW, love/affection/contact is one of those aspects of life where you're not a brain in a jar. I did not assume it, but apparently you took "brain in a jar" literal. That completely invalidates any argument, since the Chinese you're talking about, are not brains in a jar. > There's no reason to assume an experience like love can't be replicated There's all the reason, if only because a "brain in a jar" lacks organs for hormone production (e.g., adrenaline and testosterone). And no, you even haven't got an idea of how create an artificial adrenal gland or scrotum, and how to hook them up to an brain in a jar. There's all the reason to assume it can't be easily replicated. And even if it could theoretically be replicated, there's absolutely no reason to assume Xiaoice can do that. First: that language acquisition at a later age is so much harder is not true. It takes a child 6 to 10 years to get fluent in their first language, and they don't spend 3 hours per week studying it, but 80. For adults, there are language schools with an immersive program. They are expensive, but successful. You probably won't get as good as when you'd have been immersed from day 1 in your life, but you can get quite far. > This may not be the best way to prove the thesis conclusively. It certainly isn't. For starters, it does not provide a comparison to normal language. > The researchers saw little to no response to code in the language regions of the brain And I say: screw that logic. It's faulty beyond comprehension. That a brain region doesn't light up doesn't mean anything. It could even mean their scanner was broken. I was just putting my books back on the shelves, and I've got two copies of De Kleine Johannes, one printed in 1919, and one printed in 1983. The first one has the „low quotation” marks, the last one single, ‘high quotation’ marks, but they are mirrored (the first one is a sort of upside-down comma). I totally see the advantages, but how many benefit from that? Most companies don't need to deploy on servers world-wide, and don't need infinite scaling. And cloud debugging has its issues too: I remember endless fudging with print statements, deploying once more and waiting for the changes to propagate in a AWS lambda handler, because the bloody thing simply wouldn't run locally. It's the original Dutch word for "quack" anyway, fully "kwakzalver". One thing that strikes me is that these interfaces are incredibly specialized for the task at hand, and only that. You can't build for every task, you'd need a super-intelligent system that knows how to figure out what the task is and generate the appropriate UI for it. I got there too after some puzzling. There's not even a distinction between attributes and table names to guide you. I got there by thinking "what would the correct syntax be". Kind of ironic. Such systems always live in a Star Trek kind of universe, where they simply await orders from humans, yet know vastly more than them. It's probably about our sense of goal: machines help achieving a goal, but not set it. While I personally also like to have control, I'm sure there will always be a Musk or Kurzweil around to advocate machine autonomy, and they will implement it no matter what. That's why such interfaces are unrealistic. Interesting take, but 1. Of course there are stupid people, almost regardless of the definition of stupidity. Not enough to explain the outcome, though. 2. Under the hypothesis that (most) respondents simply regurgitate, I can sort of understand why they would respond "neither": they have never been taught or can't remember (BTW, this is a classical error in a survey). But why would they say it's odd or both odd and even? Who taught them that? True, that looks like a substantial amount. The outside of an average flat is a few square meters (45m2 already seems a lot). It surely can't cost upwards of £1000/m2 to replace cladding? A (Australian) price quote on the web says £12k for a house of 400m2. I agree our education system is wrongly geared. I do not agree on the usefulness of algebra in daily life, nor on that of maths beyond primary school. I've been trying to use this as a motivation too, but it falls flat. Calling it extremely useful is almost taking the piss. And stupid people exist, really. If you take IQ, a considerable portion, almost one in six, of the population scores below 85, classified as intellectual disability, borderline functioning, or worse. These people do not know what's odd and even. It's not sad. Many can lead normal lives, and find joy in other things. I have/had a few colleagues with almost no math knowledge beyond primary school. One was quite a good programmer, interested in all kinds of technical stuff. He had failed secondary school because of, well, reasons, but he wasn't dumb, and wrote decent code and was quite inventive. Another one was someone with a business school degree who had changed careers. Not a glitch in his school career, but his math was very weak. Not a great programmer, but he had a good feel for UI. I've also had a colleague with a math PhD. He was a very good programmer, although not very fast. In my experience, you don't need it if you work on the more conservative projects. If you want to build the next YouTube or facebook, you might find a good understanding of math invaluable. That can come in really handy. Does it expose a web-server to other applications? I'm mainly thinking Firefox here (to see if the "swing" is compatible), but there might be other uses for that too. BTW, I checked with lsof, but there is no listening port, so I guess the answer is no. Similar to the way you could look at guns and cigarettes. 'Guns don't kill', 'It's your own responsibility', etc. Well written. He had me at > Wouldn't it be better if it had just been IPv4 with more address bits? But it's not, oh goodness, is it ever not. "Mild" in contrast to "severe". With a 30dB loss, you can still hear the louder noises, speech, etc. I have a 30dB loss in the mid range in one ear, just where it matters for speech. I can hear and understand people pretty well, but fail when they are whispering, or when they are speaking something else than my native language in a noisy environment. On the positive side: if I sleep on my good ear, a lot of the background noise disappears. Note: "seems" is not part of the URL. You can also use https://doi.org/10.1038/s41598-020-77617-7 It seems to work via n^2 non-linear, interconnected processes; details of the formula for a single process are in the article; it looks like a set of non-linear equations with n^2 variables. It's hard to tell from scanning the article how thoroughly they've tested the problem space, but all kinds of approximations are known for TSP. I recall being told in class about a simple geometric one that was (apparently) proven to get to within 10% or so of the optimal solution, if the distances were L2. I think the article focuses on the 12 chord blues progression to show how the rules can turn I-IV-I-V into something which could be considered jazz, by introducing sevenths and substitutions. And since it's a generative grammar, it also needs a starting point... Idk about risk: that is hard to establish. There are so many conditions in which an automatic pilot hasn't been tested. We don't even know the factors involved in estimating the risk: e.g., is it dependent on the human co-pilot? And self-driving cars may change the car usage patterns, exerting a contextual influence on the risk. Then there's the question of responsibility. Who will be held responsible when the automatic pilot is driving? If it's the human, then a high risk of causing an accident will be unacceptable to many drivers. Exactly. Because now we can punish those individual drivers, lock them up, take away their car and license, but are we going to pull the plug on all cars with auto-pilot X because X is causing accidents? Is a small change in the software enough to establish it as a new driver? It's "smoking is good for you" all over again. It will cripple a country and its economy. I think people have considered the national security implications of bombs. > particularly as an attack on self driving cars would be an intentional targeting of civilians Except it obviously isn't an attack on civilians. So you think cars are safe because the US president will nuke Russia? That's borderline trolling. Also: the people or organizations making these requests. They know making software isn't a free lunch. Exclude 10% of the data based on an important aspect, get a different result? Who would have thought. Anyway, I don't think there's anyone who believes length has a direct influence on political beliefs. Of course. Articles such as the "OP" are simplistic bollocks. For starters, you'd be completely blind by now if the article had any merit. And deaf. And lost all memory. Oh no, wait: we open our eyes every morning, so even if there was any effect, it would be the opposite: visual taking over everything else. Which also doesn't happen. So take it with a grain of salt: yet another unprovable "theory" about the brain. The DX series is having a bit of a revival: Yamaha's Reface, Korg's Volca, and a few others. The DX are also in demand again: not so long ago I bought a TX7 for around $75, now they sell for $350. The DX100/DX27 is also desired by quite a few, it seems. There are multiple reasons, I think: - analog got popular again because bands started using it again when the prices dropped (due to digital tech, of course) - classic synths are vulnerable, making them decent investement objects, thus pushing the price, and making them more coveted than they deserve - that left only cheap digital synths for players bands without money, much like the 303, 808 and 909 back in the day (speaking of synths that changed music...) - which makes them desirable for the trend-followers, like analog 10 years ago. - the DX series fits better in modern music than something like the early Roland romplers with their super-cheesy sound. 1. If it's just a hypothesis, write it up in a journal, don't put it in Time magazine. 2. The hypothesis is as unprovable as they come: not only do we not have any idea on how this process of taking over other brain areas would work, if you knew how it worked, you couldn't build brains that lack this mechanism but are identical for the rest, and set up an experiment in which half of the brains (modified and original) would dream and the rest wouldn't. Because that seems to be about the only experiment that could truly falsify this idea. 3. It doesn't explain why only the visual cortex is susceptible to this, when we know that other brain areas also can adapt. The argument "it's dark" doesn't cut the mustard, because the effect should go away as soon as we open our eyes, which is around 2/3rds of the day. BTW, babies can't see, so it's odd that so many of them manage to develop a normally functioning visual cortex. 4. Sleep inhibits the senses, so how can the areas they input to take over, and why don't their areas get taken over? 5. They don't even attempt to prove that REM sleep and REM sleep alone activates the visual cortex and only that. > Make up your mind! That was under the assumption that the hypothesis was true. It seems to lead to rather unintuitive predictions. And I do like a theory to not be in apparent contradiction with simple observations. So no, I have no reason to take it seriously, and people that (think they) don't dream shouldn't worry. Followed by the "live action remake". TBH, big ideas should not be in a paper, unless you can really prove it. I've read too many papers with grand new theories that hinged on an experiment testing the tiniest of tiny facets. All of these have been forgotten now, even by their creators. Once you have enough experience, know the field inside out, and have gotten a bit of a name, you can write a book or edit a special edition of a journal in which you may set out your ideas. But it only covers the very basics. Disclaimer: I've only scrolled through it, but the code snippets are all small. It does show an admirable amount of Rust's syntax, but it's not very discoverable, whereas the book is reasonably well structured (although not for novices, who have forgotten a specific term). The link also doesn't deal with larger programs: there's not an Rc on the page, let alone something like an Arena and unsafe code, and it's really necessary for complex programs. So, IMO: not better than the Rust book. It gives a first glance of Rust, something to accustom the eyes to a different syntax, but sidesteps the difficult bits, which can make transitioning so frustrating. It also recognizes my ceiling as a hand when there's no hand in front of the camera. Not enough negative training data? To satisfy the curiosity of VoidWhisperer: the score was 0.868. And it also sometimes loses track of a hand, in my case quite reliably when it's flat and seen from the side. The term was probably used to garner sympathy. "We, poor, small business owners, in the process of extracting the last bit of your muddled brain's attention, ..." But I'm sure they wouldn't have spent $57M if they hadn't extracted more than that from other advertising parties. It's also supposed to benefit your intestinal function. But I'm sure that in the past it has been labeled carcinogenic, so moderation is the key. Your first option is way more devious than anything I had imagined, that's true, but I'm not convinced it would warrant toe to toe nuclear combat with the Ruskies, to quote Dr. Strangelove (or rather Major Kong in that movie). I'd expect something along the line of strict economic embargo, with all sorts of shady people making a lucrative business out of it. Let me tell you one detail: since cmake doesn't have floats, they use fixed point arithmetic. LOOK AT IT. You know you want too! function(sqrt x res) div_by_2(${x} guess) foreach(counter RANGE 4) if(${guess} EQUAL 0) set("${res}" 0 PARENT_SCOPE) return() endif() div(${x} ${guess} tmp) add(${tmp} ${guess} tmp) div_by_2(${tmp} guess) endforeach() set("${res}" "${guess}" PARENT_SCOPE) endfunction() I cannot judge if it's biased (in the way meant in this thread), but there is a rather weird statement right in the first section, "Factors that affect decisions": > In psychology, the parental investment theory suggests that basic differences between males and females in parental investment have great adaptive significance and lead to gender differences in mating propensities and preferences.[10] First, the reference is to a text book. That's not good. Second, the theory is not not widely accepted, and did receive criticism. It's certainly not an established fact. Third, the statement's prominent place, and lack of further qualification, suggests that human parents should take care of the amount care men and women invest in parenting, but that's not at all what the theory is about. The article linked explains that very clearly. Why it was placed there is a mystery, but it's not been a neutral, well-informed edit. I think the point is that these articles don't prove anything of the kind. The first one "examines the ways in which Cultural Marxism has moved from the ‘fringe’ to the ‘mainstream’", paying "particular attention to the localised use of the conspiracy in the ‘Safe Schools’ controversy of 2016–2017, whereby Cultural Marxist tropes were imbued with local concerns about sexuality and gender issues". The second one "argues that “Cultural Marxism” is an antisemitic conspiracy theory", focusing "on three of the main proponents", and shows that it "misrepresents the Frankfurt School’s ideas and influence", the latter not being obvious from a quick reading. People make a lot of assumptions when taking a test, and a common one is: when I answer all questions correctly, I get a the best score (a 10, an A+, or a 1, depending on your country's system). So they try. They answer in "test mode". My guess is it would affect mediocre students most. But, to put it in your words: exam tackling strategies are not vital real-world skills. From what I understand, it gives more control over the immune trigger. Perhaps it's possible to sequence a small part that's common to many flu viruses and administer that? I don't think the two are related. At least, I haven't heard anyone mention it as the cause. But that's over a kilometer higher. It's been called (anthropogenic) climate change because of insipid replies like yours. It's like my daughter saying that's she having social interaction because she's looking at tiktok, "and it's called social media." > Statistically, however, there needs to be a convincing psychiatric study Only if you can assume that everyone (without a mental illness) always knows and tells the literal truth. Which isn't the case, as has been proven over and over. Check witness studies and autobiographical memory. It's only a paradox if you think abundance can't possibly be bad, or if you think that an abundance is the only way to counteract a shortage. Well, just wait until you're in an abundance of water. And anyway, I think the average temperature has risen again last year, and was on par with the record peak from 2016. > The worst part is that I don't even see any long term benefits to denying climate change. It's a sad state of affairs. Then don't be surprised when the non-black underclass groups on the right, and the divide continues. If the racial wealth gap is big, it can be closed by simply supporting the poorest groups. No need to exclude people who happen to share their skin color with the modal billionaire. > Well, the last time I checked, the people in the US didn't want any social security systems for everyone to help the poor, because black Americans would also profit from it. I don't see why a racist opinion would matter, even if the whole group were white as a lily and too poor to live. > Racism is apparently an obstacle here. And it probably is, but this approach is not going to help overcome that. Perhaps it isn't failed, but it is pretty corrupt, and it is not in good condition. I wouldn't call it "such a ridiculous claim", just good, old exaggeration. > Loss of control of its territory https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law_on_the_Referendum_on_Self-... What’s really difficult IMO is getting the development environment right, plus the app store. Without that, it’s nothing but another bit of eye candy. The Kochs were always looking for that kind of thing. Devs complain about XCode, but the libraries/frameworks are great. Publishing to the app store is pretty easy, and there are hundreds of millions of potential customers, which are there because the curation of the app store is good (enough). If you want to know what happens when your IDE is OK-ish, but the other aspects fail, look at Microsoft's presence in the mobile phone market. That's odd: I've recently switched macs, and nor on the old, nor on the new one was Teams added to the Login items; only OneDrive did that. So I had a vague memory: go to your account icon > Settings > Auto-start application, and uncheck it. That's bad design, indeed. Impressive. I think it has limited use, but they explicitly mention lack of space as a motivation. You wouldn't use this for long lines. If the song advertises an artist, what does the artist have to produce to make money? And Numan isn't really dreaming of becoming a star. > I think the free market prices things right. Right for what? Would the girl have done it, and died, without TikTok, that's the question. Many people aren't responsible and/or caring. They drink and drive, drive too fast, have loaded guns lying around, etc. Getting parents to raise their children according to certain norms is going to fail. That doesn't mean much without knowing why they did it while alone. What does "participation" in that context even mean? And it doesn't change the possibility that a "challenge" on social media had an influence. Any guesses about the risk she was in a priori are not relevant, and cannot be determined from that paper. Is Go mainstream enough? They haven't made any breaking changes so far. Which brings me to another point: not all breaking changes are equal. Sometimes, a change to a syntactic element is needed. But if there's an identical replacement for it, and it can be updated mechanically, there shouldn't be a problem (in theory). Making constructions or the standard library do things (subtly) differently without a fall-back to the original functionality is a much bigger problem: then you have to inspect every occurrence and verify if it still works under all conditions. It's just a list, no arguments, so that's not high quality, indeed. But the author speaks from experience, and it resonates with experiences from others here, mine included (although I'm using a nosql db for recent projects). It offers a starting point for some discussion and elaboration, so it's fine by me. Heidegger made a good living out of it, though. While the numbers don't lie, your response is in another domain. Are these 38k deaths (which is USA only) caused by manufacturer error, preferably the same model? If not, you're polluting any meaningful discussion. They've got you covered. They're going to rename it. https://onemileatatime.com/boeing-737-8/ Or as The Reg called it: “Google, Microsoft pitch in some spare change to keep Mozilla's Web Docs online bible alive. Turns out having coherent API documentation is useful for, well, everyone” https://www.theregister.com/2021/01/26/mozilla_web_docs/ There actually is more than enough capacity to peer review ( ). It's just that nobody wants to do it. It costs time and money. Not compensated by the publisher, of course. ( ) edit: that's raw body count. I wouldn't know how many people could actually spot the errors mentioned in the OP. From my personal experience: yes. TV is less addictive, and its contents are better controlled. It's an addiction. People leaving the circle are directly taking away the addict's stimulus. What motivates you to reply that, when you know it isn't true? There's been news media for more than a century now, and it is not known to cause addiction and depression in teenagers. The name of the subreddit should be read as "look at all these idiots saying that phones are bad". Or perhaps r/PhonesAreBadMKay If it was just opioids or ampthetamines, alcohol or nocotine wouldn't be addictive, would it? Please don't use incomplete or irrelevant factoids when you contradict. But prediction of reward might very well be a concise description of the drive behind social media use. Then why did you write up that precise phrase? You're upset about what I wrote, that much is obvious. After Germany had taken Austria, Sudetenland and Poland, isn't it. With a username like that, you should be careful to comment on WW2. I do (did) use it too, but then book through the hotel's own website, unless the price difference is too big. I'm not going to oversubsidize some search engine. > it shows us that people on the other side of the world are actually the same like us Newspapers and TV showed that message before. That did seem to go well. And shutting down parler and gab also seemed to work. Perhaps connectivity is not for the best in all cases. > it easily solves problems that were almost unsolvable before I don't think internet has solved that many problems that were almost unsolvable before 2000. > Tech have some problems but still, it's amazing. The atomic bomb is also amazing, but it's a menace anyway. Tech needs control. A lot of it. Or how a felt tip pen applied to the edge of a CD can stop the laser from spilling out, and make the sound much more focused. Here's a recent review I encountered while looking for something tangentially related: "These QED audio cables promote a wide-open soundstage, both vertically and horizontally. They help vocals sound full-bodied and weighty, but with lots of breathing space above them, too. Put simply, if you covet space and detail with sure but nimble footwork and heaps of insight, consider your search for an RCA audio cable complete." > A proprietary program puts its developer or owner in a position of power over its users. This power is in itself an injustice. Apart from the horrible style and lack of nuance, it's simply not true. To reply in the same style: who pays for proprietary software, often can demand changes. With OSS, the user is in no position to do so at all. There is of course nuance here, since large companies with many end users do not listen to their paying customers, and OSS developers can be responsive, but I don't feel particularly kind to someone who uses false and nonsensical premises to make a political point. > the proprietary program's developer is tempted to design the program to mistreat its users I mean ... Nitpick: they were called words. > paying for proprietary software does not mean any right for changes as such Sure it can. There are enough cases where the rights of proprietary software are transferred to the client, or the contract includes the right to make changes or get changes made. That's not at the scale of MS, of course, but that's exactly the kind of qualification missing in OP's statement. But that limits use to macOS, period. > and is working on a Mac app for now Indeed. And $9.5M is a bit too much money for a mac app, IMO. We're talking about 20.12% vs 20.48% chance of divorce. Take this sentence from the article: > “If fathers were really more likely to take off because they preferred sons, surely they wouldn’t wait 13 years to do so,” reasons Dr Kabatek. It's pure speculation: no data, no model, nothing. But even if dr. Kabatek is right, it only takes a fraction of the fathers to obtain that 1.8% difference. You can't really explain such small differences with sweeping explanations (raising daughters is more stressful than raising sons, abortion of sons conceived into tenuous marriages, or your mother/daughter friction) without adding many, many more factors that mitigate them. And let's not forget that the data is difficult to interpret. The (preprint of the) article's abstract even starts like this: > Evidence from the U.S. that couples with daughters are more likely to divorce than couples with sons has not been found for other Western countries. It's very good for the criminal environment, though. They thrive on Bitcoin. This has to be Musk's ultimate shit move. > No cyber security products are needed. I'm fairly sure the Iranian ultracentrifuges were not connected, and were hacked anyway. Stuxnet was complicated, but being disconnected is not a 100% protection.