Yeah, most of the time when someone talks to me about gas mileage, they're interested in better mileage in order to save money or conserve gas, not to go further between fill-ups. So phrasing it as a 33% vs 18% savings hides that you actually save more gas, and so more money, going from 14 to 17 than 33 to 50. The last one is an issue, actually. The space invader one is the extreme case: it's already a shadow. And the border tricks for triangles are also shadow-resistant. In addition to portability for when you do need/want it, like others mentioned, just plain saving space. If I didn't still want to play the occasional game of Civ V with high graphics settings, I'd love to ditch the tower that sits next to my desk at home. Most web apps have a very low bar of good enough when it comes to language requirements. Especially when solid frameworks have already been written for alternative languages. Right now I'm doing Rails—Ruby isn't the absolute first language I'd choose, all things being equal, but it's good enough that I don't have a lot of motivation to use something else. (Previously, though, I was doing work on ancient Java servlets apps without any additional framework. That was frustrating enough to make me look for something else!) Facebook is already quite (but not perfectly—the big thing I've noticed is that the non-chat "messages" part of FB requires going into the FB app) well integrated into Windows Phone. And unless they have some truly groundbreaking interface ideas, I'd also rather see them continue to work more with MS on integrating into and pushing that platform, rather than introducing yet another one. Also, does RIM have particularly nice phones, hardware-wise, these days? Another reason I'd rather see them work with MS is that then anything particularly cool they bring to the software side could run on gorgeous Nokia hardware. From the link in that paragraph to the Facebook App Center page, it sounds to me like they're referring to the Facebook platform itself as an OS. Which I suppose is fair in a way, with all the services it offers, but it's hardly a mobile phone OS in its current state. When were they not cool? As a teen in the late 90s, everyone I knew had a discman. (Mine was bright orange, and got plenty of comments on how cool it looked. :) ) If it works well enough, of course it will be cool. Once everyone has one to get shit done with, "cool" will be one of the biggest differentiators to determine which one to get. If it doesn't work well enough, then it will be the new Newton—and even then, here we are 20 years later, and tablets are cool. I took my math and CS notes in LaTeX because I hated writing and wanted everything together in files that I had source control on, but I definitely didn't find it faster to type in the equations than write them out by hand, even with a fair bit of practice at Emacs keyboard shortcuts for common stuff. The Subscribe by Email floater is what drove me batty, on a laptop. Stuff floating to the left not apparently docked to anything should move when I scroll! Edit: it's a good list, though. Content > presentation, when it comes to actual reading material. That's the sort of thing that would make me strongly consider ending the interview, at least if I was going to be working directly for the interviewer. No need to waste more of their or my time than necessary, and I really wouldn't like working in that kind of insulting environment. And from a probably-immature perspective, the feel of power from being the guy saying "sorry, I'm not interested anymore" instead of hoping they call you back is nice. Or, if I was really annoyed: bust out some Common Lisp for the next problem, then leave. "He's holding it wrong." I don't have particularly large hands, yet have no issue with 4.3" screens. I wouldn't go back to anything smaller—the larger text (or ability to fit more text/contents of the same physical size) is worth the occasional thumb stretching (not that I have a lot of reason to ever reach to one of the top corners on my screen, anyway). That's certainly true as far as perceived size goes, but I don't find it practical at all. There's a big usability difference between, say, reading while holding my phone at arm's length while resting my arm on a table and having to hold a smaller phone closer to my face to get the perceived font size to be the same. Holding stuff closer to your face just isn't as pleasant. As far as power-users go, how far back does that really go? My exposure started with Windows 2000. It was fantastic. It made me ditch Mac OS 8.x full-time instead of just maintaining a 9x box for games. XP wasn't horrible either. Sure, after that things stagnated for a long time—and that led me to dally again with Macs and eventually switch back to OS X for my main machine—but after the initial kinks were worked out Vista and 7 added some much-needed things (especially 7, UI-wise). But I agree that the "death of Microsoft" stuff is tiring. Personally, I'm pretty excited to see how this goes, since I like what MS is doing to bring touch-centered concepts to the desktop, and really don't like the direction Apple is going with Lion/Mountain Lion. I just wonder if MS will iterate quickly enough—Apple's release cycles may put a lot of pressure on them to get an "8.1" out the door very quickly with the kinks worked out. Well, I don't think ME and Vista fit anything like the same pattern. Vista was an extremely messy release but nevertheless brought several big underlying improvements. ME didn't. It wasn't a "tick" at all. Trying to fit it and Vista into the same pattern is getting too pattern-happy. And even in the consumer space, how long do you have to go back before ME to find a dud? Windows 2? A visual environment for a text-based language can get you a long way. Intellisense makes learning a lot of things about a new language without any external documentation very practical. The earliest I had Google (or any) maps on my phone was 6 years ago. I don't see Samsung coming out and phrasing it like that in the linked article or in its linked Linux Foundation release. I think the "Constraints are Good" slide is massively oversimplified. Especially the "editors vs IDEs" and "primes vs zooms" bullets. Just for one example: stepping through an IDE's debugger, integrated into the code editor, to track down a problem is incredibly handy. It's a habit I picked up while living in Eclipse doing Java work, and why most of my Rails work is now in RubyMine instead of Emacs like it was when I was in school. And sure, if I had unlimited resources, and wasn't annoyed at all by having to carry around a bunch of primes, and could change lenses in an instant (or was carrying four different bodies too), I'd rather have a set of excellent primes than a zoom. Very much like how I'd love to be able to integrate (and possibly write myself) a bunch of services to perfectly fit my problem instead of using a framework. But it just isn't very practical for a lot of areas. And then the problem changes, and the purpose-built solution to be adapted... and then this happens a few more time and how perfectly have you maintained your original separations of concerns? I don't see the buttons on Chrome before scrolling on my 13" MBP, but since I'm stubbornly sticking to 10.6 I did get a nice big scrollbar to let me know to scroll down. :) Well, you shouldn't. So it's a good name! I don't think they're making the right case in that response. It should be focused solely on the "this should be allowed by Apple" argument, because telling users that it's not illegal doesn't matter when it's Apple's store and Apple's rules, for better or for worse. They say that the encryption around AirPlay streams appears to primarily be there to prevent third parties from creating applications that work with AirPlay—so it's easy to assume that Apple wouldn't approve of something they tried to prevent. Is releasing something you know will get kicked out the best approach to take when you can't provide an approved solution? Maybe, if you think the resulting discussion and PR is your best chance at getting things changed... but then, again, you need to keep your message perfectly focused. Claiming that they didn't violate any agreements feels too defensive to me. EDIT: and it's not just this response... initially they professed something much closer to ignorance/surprised innocence over the removal, while it now looks like there wasn't much reason for any surprise. Well, car manufacturers have certainly not been very aftermarket-friendly with their center stack over the past decade. It might actually be fairly similar after all: Want a custom stereo in your new car with a fancy center stack setup with a non-standard-size stereo and possibly even integrated AC/heater controls? You're going to have to jump through a lot of hoops. Want software with more functionality than Apple exposes to developers? There's always jailbreaking... In neither case has there been a substantial consumer backlash. Go look at a car from the 90s with a DIN or double-DIN stereo, then go look at one from the past five years, where the prevalence of nonstandard sized stereos has gone way up, as has the complexity of how tightly coupled they are to the rest of the car. Those are the hoops. I don't think the manufacturers are upset at all that one of the side effects of this trend has been to make aftermarket head unit installs a lot less convenient. And I don't know any manufacturer that will sell you someone else's head unit as an aftermarket piece. It's up to you to find out how to take everything apart and fit something else in there on your own, or to find someone who knows—basically, jailbreaking your dashboard. Except you generally lose stuff (like steering wheel controls), while I hear jailbreaking is pretty painless these days. Edit: Apple's app store isn't some third party stereo store, it's a store owned by the manufacturer itself. And car manufacturers are famous for having highly priced proprietary replacement parts, especially when it comes to electronics like stereos, if you aren't willing to deal with an outside store/brand. I really don't see any way Apple's less flexible with the iPhone than a car manufacturer is with their cars. For my first ten years of school, I was at a small private Christian school that taught science from a series of "Science for Christian Schools" books. The world was only thousands of years old, etc. It's not a strawman. But it only tells them that it failed, not that they got closer, like with the string-comparison based one. What does that gain an attacker if you already provide other feedback about the request being invalid? And not doing so would result in a bad user experience if you have users run into a bug somewhere and it fails silently so they don't know that nothing was actually done. For the standardized test discussed in the article, it says the human graders gave three minutes, on average, to reading each essay. These tests are not wanting art. Writing one of these essays is no more art than writing a basic linked list implementation. It's not concerned with how good a writer a kid is, but that the kid can write at all. Edit: basically, the sheer scale of the grading required for a standardized test means that it's never going to be a real test of writing skills. It wouldn't surprise me if overly skilled writing is actually a negative even with the human grader—I could easily see a rushed grader misreading something clever and giving it a low score. (The wisdom or effectiveness of these tests in the first place is a whole different discussion.) Could you elaborate on how you think their site's experience leaves much to be desired despite being highly functional? I'm having trouble thinking of any time when I thought to myself "boy, I hate the process Amazon makes me take to do this task" and isn't that really what it's all about? Oh, good point, this is definitely true. I have Prime, but Netflix is so much easier to find stuff on (or even remember that there's stuff there to find) that I've never used any of the included free Amazon video stuff. It's broken on Chrome 19.0.1084.56 on OS X if you open it in a new tab in the background with middle click. Plain black page, arrow keys/space changes the number indicator in the URL, but shows no content. Edit: and on a related note, personally I really dislike the trend of posting slides for review outside of the context of a presentation. As something to click on from the front page here, or to bookmark/print for future reference, a plain page with a list that you'd just scroll up/down normally instead of separate slides would be much handier. Somewhere I think I still have an "Imaginary Engineering" t-shirt from a couple of years spent as an IE major. Learned some fascinating stuff that was quite useful after switching to CS and has also been quite useful in my career. It's fascinating, in retrospect, the things people will come up with to try to make themselves feel superior. Padmapper actually does provide their own listing service (that currently goes to Craigslist, though): http://www.padlister.com/ That said, Craigslist UI is terrible for finding apartments, and Padmapper is a fantastic improvement, so I'm very unhappy with this development. "devices we use constantly, all day, probably some absurd number of times per hour" So, they're like phones, then. ;) When I was a teen, my peers and I used our phones (some of them even were landlines) constantly. But the fashion attribute was minimal, and the functionality was pretty much identical regardless of brand. Not that that kept me from feeling immeasurably cooler than everyone else when I got a nice and tiny Nokia 8290... Yeah. Sports teams, stores, schools, authors, movies, music, foods... I think it's harder to come up with categories I've never seen fanaticism over... Welp... Pogue's point is really proven now. Whatever happened to the matte-ish finish used on some late-90s-and-on CRTs? I had some with way less glare than my MBP, and, being a CRT, about as perfect black levels as you're going to get. When it comes to how much code you can keep in your head, do you really keep the boilerplate there? Whenever I've used Java and had to attach an ActionListener or whatever, I don't think of it as being an anonymous class with a single method, I think of it as just the logic in the method when I'm reasoning about the program. It is a pain to write if you don't like having to let the IDE do everything for you, though. There is probably a simple explanation, but I'm stuck wondering why a pixel-doubled image looks worse than that same image at native resolution on a lower resolution screen? Why doesn't "combining" four pixels into one make it look the same? Windows has been scaling to various DPIs for ages (sometimes to undesired out-of-the-box resulsts, such when, a few years ago, I plugged in an XP desktop to an HDTV over HDMI and it tried to make the fonts display at the same physical size as on a monitor despite me sitting much further away). It's something it (and Linux, and Android) has ahead on the curve of compared to Apple—from an engineer's perspective, just going with doubling is a rather inelegant solution. XP wasn't very good at it when it came to third-party apps, but on Vista or 7 (I forget which I was on back then now) once I got the DPI slider in the right place for that TV, it provided a quite enjoyable experience, even on older or non-standard apps. $40/night? I don't personally know anyone in Menlo Park, but know people with places to themselves in/very near SF for $1200/month. Even with rent going up lately, $1200/month for not even a private bedroom? If 5mph (or 1mph over) over becomes the new 10mph over, I assume that everyone would adjust. I go 10mph over all the time, I go 15mph over less frequently, and 20mph over less frequently still. (And, of course, the real thrust of the post you're responding to was a desire for autonomous vehicles.) That said, I think most current speed limits are too low, so I wouldn't like having to drive 5mph over instead of 10mph over, but I'm not terribly worried about it: I doubt that technological changes will be perfectly handled by legislation initially, but I expect things to work out to a serviceable state eventually. How are we supposed to separate the responsible, safe 100mph drivers from the irresponsible and unsafe ones? In most part of the US, practically everyone has a car and has to drive on the highway, so the cheapest, simplest solution is to set a limit that applies to everyone. I'm not convinced it's a particularly burdensome requirement, either. The faster you're going, the more the dangers increase, and I know too many people who, unlike you, are not safe drivers at high speed to be in favor of making it more accepted for them to drive 100mph in most places (though I have no problem with the 80mph, or potentially higher in the future, speed limits in certain parts of middle-of-nowhere Texas). The real world is quite addictive for a lot of us. Apple's approach requires you to have multiple devices to get both the tablet and full-on-workstation experience. I don't want multiple devices. I want a single device that can adapt to different uses—the Surface tablet looks just about perfect as a starter laptop replacement to me. I'm hoping it'll do to my MacBook Pro what the MacBook Pro did to my desktop PC: relegate it to infrequent use for a few specialty cases that need a bigger screen or the full laptop form factor or something. That's a good question, and mirrors my own frustration with post-10.6 Mac OS X trends... I guess since I basically never use the Start menu, I just haven't gotten the impression that it will particularly change my desktop Windows interface. I believe both companies see increased convergence for 90% of use cases down the line, and Microsoft's just making a more dramatic transition. I can see the argument that it's premature to make the big jump at this point, before there's a Metro app ecosystem or anything (and I'd be very antagonistic towards any dramatic changes to the non-Metro interface, since for the things I use my PC for, I don't want Metro), but I can also see an argument that it's better to make the painful transition early. And I'm gradually just resigning myself to the fact that the things I want a computer for aren't the same as most people's... so whoever provides the least-painful way to still get power-user stuff done in a "Post PC" world will get my money. I'm very intrigued about running Lightroom on a Surface Pro and tossing it in my bag with my camera... Any time I've bought a memory upgrade for a MacBook I've been annoyed by that strategy. At least back in the day "Lombard" or "Pismo" or "Wallstreet" was more memorable than "Early 2011." Additionally, the iPhone and iPad seem poorly suited for this strategy due to the way they sell old models side by side with new ones. Will they just sell the "iPad" next to the "new iPad" with "new" moving along to the newest one? What if they go back another generation like with the 3GS currently? I just glanced at an iPad 2 and the box it came in, and interestingly I don't see "2" anywhere except for in the small print on the label on the back, by the model number. The back of the iPad just says "iPad" as does the side of the box. So once you actually bought the thing, the branding on the iPod 2 wasn't very 2-centric at all either. Ever since 10.3, Expose was a fantastic way to manage lots of windows on a small screen (in my case at the time, a 12" Powerbook). Windows never offered anything similarly useful for me until Windows 7's "hover over the taskbar icon to see previews" feature. Then when Apple added Spaces on top of that, the Spaces+Expose combo was even better. I don't understand the desired behavior in Lion at all, though. They took away all-windows Expose (I used to have one corner dedicated to all-windows and another to application-windows) and turned Spaces into this weird hybrid thing with a useless-to-me Full Screen mode... Fortunately, my personal laptop is still on Snow Leopard, and my work machine is used with a couple 24" monitors hanging off of it, so I haven't yet had to use the new way of doing things... But with the recent OS X trends I'm not sure my next laptop will be another Mac. Yes, he asks if we would say government is working better now than 60 years ago, and given (just for starters) the huge difference in opportunities available for women and minorities, I'm not seeing why I shouldn't say that. The whole thing rests on a premise that, in some vague and mostly-unspecified way, "things used to be better," or at least "people used to think things were better." But this doesn't seem backed up by anything. And on the contrary, one of the more interesting things I learned in one of my history electives in college was that people have been cynical about their leaders for a long, long time, including at the very start of the US. Personally, my hunch is that we simply have quicker/more effective means of disseminating information about corruption now. I agree that more should be done with regard to the financial crisis and corruption, but I'm also very skeptical of comparisons made in the middle of it, trying to answer the question of "how did the government perform during it" before the final outcome is known. I realize that that's an unsatisfactory answer in many ways, but government often moves slowly and I'm not sure that's a bad thing—i.e., I don't want the outcome of this whole mess to be the TSA of the financial industry. I expect the endgame to be similar. In some number of years, there will be "legitimate" ways of doing this, that let the governments take taxes easily and provide some sort of baseline regulation/dispute-settling/insurance, like how the Napsters and Kazaas paved the way and eventually led to services that work more inside the system instead of usurping the system. The under-the-table versions will never go away entirely, but if you can give me a basically hassle-free way of doing the same thing in a sanctioned manner (were I looking to rent out some space of my own, I'd greatly prefer a service that took care of the insurance, liability, and legality issues for me), I'm going to choose that. The question I'd love to know the answer to is just how much AirBNB plans on working with governments and insurers. Where did you get that from? From the article: "Karsten Nohl and Thomas Roth, of Security Research Labs, say that they have been in touch with VeriFone for six months and have provided technical aid to the company and a German government agency. They are now coming forward to put more pressure on the company—and to raise awareness, “preferably before any criminal can reinvent these attacks.”" Note the country list: "Indonesia, Malaysia, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Iraq, United Arab Emirates" It's fantastic. Either it'll eventually take off, or else either Apple or Google will copy all the good ideas and I'll switch back. Either way works for me, frankly. (Well, no, that's not entirely true. I'd prefer it take off next year and Nokia survives intact, because nobody else is making hardware that isn't hopelessly bland looking.) And if you think that's tough, try convincing an iOS or Android fan that MS actually built a spectacular user interface... all you hear is marketshare numbers. Comparing my Lumia 900 to my old Evo (HTC): I greatly prefer the look of the tiles to the widgets/apps mismatch on the home page. And the ability to be able to pin so many different things to the home page from inside of apps, instead of going to a separate "add widgets" section, is very useful... I don't have to think about "oh I should see if this app has a widget I can pin." I've found the Skydrive Office integration to work much better than the Google Docs app Google provided for Android. Faster loading, better controls, and the ability to pin stuff to the start page with ease. OneNote is also the best note management app on a phone I've ever used. I really like how they did the "people hub" thing of centralizing all the info/connections you have about someone in one place. (Though it's annoying that the messaging app doesn't support FB "messages", just FB "chat", so I also have the FB app installed in case someone sends me one of those.) The overal design language is great. (For a good example of a third party app getting it, compare the Android Weatherbug app's UI with the WP7 version.) I really prefer the use of vertical scrolling on the home page to swiping left/right to get to other home pages—I always forgot about stuff that wasn't on the home page with Android, and find a quick flick to scroll down my whole home page a much better way of seeing everything I want in front of me. And in my case, it's been far more stable than my Evo ever was. My biggest complaint is that the gmail client isn't as good. "tldr; It was worth every penny if you went to Stanford, I wish I had known that when I was 18." I wish I had known that when I was 14/15 and cruising through high school, buying the feel-good talk about "paying that much for a top-name education wouldn't be worth it anyway." So instead I got a very good education (you get out of it what you put into it, after all) that actually cost more in practice than a heavily-subsidized-by-the-school Ivy one and yet comes with a lower-value degree. I'm happy where I am, so I'm not complaining. But the system is fairly screwy. You don't even need to me approaching middle age. I'm in my 20s and moved halfway across the country recently, and am continually amazed at how hard it is to make good friends of the same gender. Given all the websites/events/groups dedicated to meeting people to date I've found it far easier than ever to get dates, but more difficult to make friends. It's a weird reversal. There's probably an opportunity for a little business there, but I haven't quite worked out how it would work. Ah, that looks very interesting. The ones currently closest to me seem about an hour's drive away in LA, but I'll keep an eye on it. And yeah, that's the thing I've run into with Meetups. Great place to find a particular activity, harder to find people looking to meet people beyond just the activity. "Tech's staff were absolutely horrendous" Good ol' Tech... IMO it's a terribly outdated approach, but there's a ton of "I got through it, so everyone else should have to deal with it too" momentum there. I went there as an out-of-state student and wouldn't recommend it for other out-of-staters. There are quite a few other good public engineering schools. My reading of "that gap" in that paragraph is that it refers just to the last-mentioned gap, the 11 cent federal government one. The private sector numbers still appear to be larger -- also see the previous paragraph, which talked about the 19 cent difference in managers which accounted for "many observable differences." I have heard that some areas have three-state legal systems, at least for certain types of cases, but that's not the case here. The ruling was "they do not have the same understated and extreme simplicity which is possessed by the Apple design." Not "Apple has not proven that Samsung infringed." You don't have to agree with the ruling, but the legal ruling was a "false," not a "null." A "not guilty" verdict may arise due to a lack of evidence or a badly tried case, but legally it means the same thing as a "not guilty" that came about because the accusation was obviously untrue. I have a friend who's a nurse. He's told me that he's gotten some shit from people because of his profession. From other guys who aren't nurses. Weird, huh? But I've seen more hostility or unintentionally discouraging behavior towards female programmers from male ones than he's mentioned ever encountering from female nurses, so in that regard it's less of a problem. Yet he's also mentioned that the number of males in the field is increasing, and that there are, in fact, efforts being made to get more men into the field. Why would a limited labor pool for any profession be a good thing? And why should I believe that the current distribution in a very young field represents a natural equilibrium? By "the bottom of the ladder" do you mean economically? Is your claim that women have a higher earnings floor then men? Could you provide figures? Wikipedia tells me that there are some CVTs that use planetary gears, but a traditional automatic uses them too: http://auto.howstuffworks.com/automatic-transmission2.htm I don't have a particularly strong opinion on this one way or another, but I lean towards the side of less strict moderation, and I think that very metaphor fits my reason why: For me, one of the biggest advantages of the college classroom over the high school one was that digressions, side topics, and open-ended discussion occured far more frequently in my college classrooms than in my high school classrooms. Think of it as the difference between being taught to a test and just learning things. There still needs to be some moderation so that things stay focused overall, but often those side trails spark some really interesting, useful discussions. Education doesn't have to be narrow. In just a month or so I've already found myself developing an almost habitual response to Kickstarter software things posted here. Like you say, there seems to be a pattern of trying to cash in. I see an interesting title on HN. I visit it and start reading. I start reading the copy and see some interesting screenshots/mockups, keep scrolling, and then realize a bit later that there isn't actually anything ready for me to try out, but they want me to give them some money. Then I close the tab. Very few of the software projects I've seen linked there have seemed interesting or novel enough for me to care to put up some cash up front. There are tools that cost hundreds of dollars out there that will let me try them, fully-featured, for free. These guys want $50 for beta access or $100 for a full license for something that doesn't exist yet? It's probably somewhat irrational, but I'm even more annoyed by the ones with real slick demo videos and such. Why not put the time spent making that towards making a product I can actually try? Part of the beauty of SO compared to an actual classroom is that the more open-ended discussion going on in a different question wouldn't keep your question from getting its straightforward answer. It would be read just by the people who found it interesting, instead of taking up shared class time. I don't think the jargon question example from the article here is well suited for even a looser SO, as it's more entertainment than education, but there are lots of productive questions that don't have black and white answers that I've still enjoyed seeing SO discuss. I was asked that question, with glass bulbs instead of eggs, at an interview last year. I don't think I found the optimal solution of 14, IIRC I got to the point (just talking aloud to the interviewer, no paper) of saying something like "so if we started at, say, floor ten, we'd have nine floors below, and something close to that sets of floors above if we needed to move up..." and he said something like "ok, cool, that's good, let's move on." I could've asked for paper, I suppose, but something about the word "puzzle" makes me want to puzzle it out in my head. So my question for any interviewer types who ask puzzle questions is: do you prefer a candidate to go all the way to working out an optimal solution on paper, or is it really more about "the approach"? I've often had the same thought. I suspect that the pre-internet big-city age will end up being a blip on the historical "ease of acquiring real privacy/anonymity people had" graph. There's too much pressure from both sides. Companies, governments, etc, all want to know, and lots of people want to share. I think the future will be one of (social, at least) privacy through getting lost in the huge sea of people instead of privacy through actual anonymity. It sounds like there's supposed to be a table at the end, but it's not showing up for me. The first question I have, without seeing the numbers, is: do the higher percentages of IPOs/acquisitions for more capital-intensive fields just mean that it's harder to start and fund a company in those area without a much more fleshed out idea? Shawn Marion has a wonderfully cringe-worthy jumper technique too. And in the US, fair use is an affirmative defense, with the burden of proof on the defendent. It can't keep you from getting sued in the same way a completely free image would. "a copyrighted image is going to be used less than one that is in the public domain" That wasn't the conclusion. The conclusion was that images are worth more, in terms of updates and visits, to Wikipedia articles than text. This is still a conclusion that will doubtless have its share of people calling it obvious, but it's one I haven't seen quantified like this before. And in the case of baseball players in particular, in theory an image doesn't add nearly as much as their stats and team/championship information. If removing the safety net would fix things, why were they ever broken enough for the safety net to be put in place in the first place? I don't see many people thinking that social security enough will be enough to keep them from being poor. Yet many of them still don't save much on their own. You think it's simply a question of the magnitude of the negative incentive, vs the far-future nature of it? And what if I don't want the poor house to be brought back? What if I think today's situation (if you don't save, you're slightly better off than the poor house) is better? Likewise, it used to be more common for employers to offer long-term employment with pensions. It used to be more common for families to live together across generations. I don't particularly want any of that back -- it would limit my mobility and flexibility, and I don't want to stay in one place forever -- but people are not adjusting well to the new, more independent present. The ability to pipe TV over IP is dramatically weakening the natural cable company monopolies. In AT&T phone service territory, as they upgrade their network you can switch to U-Verse for not just internet but also television, with a much improved set-top box experience. I don't agree with the claim that opening up the ability to lay a cable network to everyone would help things -- heck, look how slow the deployment of U-Verse is taking over AT&T's existing infrastructure... having to do that from scratch, laying a whole new network over the city and in everybody's yards, would be a many times larger endeavor -- but technological changes are already making competition much more possible than before since now both of those entrenched networks can be used for TV. He certainly built multiple successful companies, but he's not the only one who's done that. Few people have done what he did with Apple the second time—that's what he got really right, in terms of why people are still talking about him so much—turning the company around not just into success but into a behemoth, but if you want to know how he did that, I'd look at what changed. He was always an abusive manager/colleague, yet that didn't make Apple in the early 80s or NeXT in the 90s dominate their markets in the same way Apple of the last decade did with the iPhone/iPad. The vision, the timing, the perfectionism... none of that depends on also being a colossal jerk. Am I the only one who's not impressed at all by the touchscreen-based interior of the Model S? I can find the button I want to hit/knob I want to twist to adjust the radio or AC by feel in my current car, so I don't have to look at it while driving. Buttons are good! I'd like buttons with little screens on them so that they can always display their function in the current "mode," instead of having to be labeled with multiple things in cases like that, but I'm not seeing the benefit of going full touchscreen. On a phone or tablet it's extra screen space for displaying content—but I don't expect to be browsing the internet or looking at a photo slideshow on the center console of a car. I'm not a big phone/tablet app user, so I'm ignorant about this: how does that work for new purchasers? Is there a way to say "anyone who buys this from date X on gets these additional purchases included free"? For instance, if I buy Photoshop today, I get all the features. If I had bought the last version, I'd have an upgrade price to pay for the new features. In the in-app purchase world, does everyone always have to pay the original price + in-app purchase price? Do you just make the new base price lower (but with the low prices of apps in the first place, there's not room for many versions if you knock a buck off each one...)? And even that seems to still be new-user-unfriendly: I would be bummed if I bought an app for $1 and found out that the coolest features required another $3 in purchases, even if the app cost $4 when it first came out a couple of years ago (I probably don't even know that). You left out the "just as today…" which rather changes the tone. IDEs are just another potentially-useful (some of them are better done than others) form of abstraction to let you focus on the important parts. Despite how many people on this site and sites like it don't have some kind of cable or satellite service... we're a pretty small minority. Especially when it comes to the group of people interested in watching sports, where live is king, and the online options suck unless you live out of your teams' TV markets. I'm not surprised they're not going out of their way to cater to us. For all the "the model no longer works" comments: what's the proof? The number of people I know complaining about the model is dwarfed by the number of people I know who have cable and have been watching stuff on both TV and online all day long. I've seen a lot of legitimate complaints about how they're handling the time shifting stuff (which, surprisingly to me, has mostly been along the lines of "it's too easy to find out what happened" instead of complaining about the time shifting in the first place), but I don't see a big hole in their delivery system. They don't want to give people less reason to have cable -- and for all the money they could possibly make broadcasting the Olympics for-pay to non-cable subscribers, that's just a couple weeks every couple of years. The real win for them is if you still want to maintain a cable subscription. Interesting to read the backstory on the Calculator, since as someone whose first Mac had 256 colors and ran System 7, I always thought the Calculator looked hideously dated. Gizmo is the most amazingly hideous thing Apple ever came up with. I've never been able to decide if I hate it or love it. Even the blog's title is a Newton reference... as far as irony goes, a tip of the hat to the past with a cheesy design of a personal blog is a very different beast than an application. Personally I find his blog design a refreshing change from the follow-the-latest-"beautiful"-trend blog designs that are currently in style. It's fun. "The best way to insure that you can live the life you want and have some fun is to put all the effort in that you can now and try to put off having fun until a bit later on." How do you reconcile this with most startups failing? (Let's assume here that people fail for reasons other than just "didn't work hard enough.") Here's one source, though I don't think anyone's ever accused Nielsen of being particularly scientific... http://blog.nielsen.com/nielsenwire/media_entertainment/i-wa... "Americans spend 35 hours each week watching content across screens, and 94 percent of that is still on a traditional television." (This isn't exactly the same as people who for-sure don't "want to" drop traditional TV, but my suspicion is that anyone consuming 35 hours (!!) a week needs the 100-channels-24-7 stream of traditional cable or satellite to sate them. Pay-as-you-go has a way to go before it's cost-effective compared to that.) The cable companies should be worried about new distribution models... I'm not sure HBO should. The internet, and online-focused content producers, have so far not had a noticable impact on the demand for their own shows. Rather, this is in many ways a golden age of quality television programming, and demand for HBO certainly appears to be on the rise. So if the traditional cable model gets displaced, then HBO will be able to move then to make deals with the new distributors, or start distribution on their own, as long as they still have a product that millions of people want to pay a dozen bucks a month for. (I'm not fully convinced the current cable model will get replaced... there are an awful lot of people who want nothing more than to be able to pay just one monthly fee to get an enormous amount of video content delivered. I believe the way it's delivered will continue to move towards a pure IP-based system for practical reasons, and I believe alternate services will increasingly provide options for people who really don't need a full cable package, but once you start talking about the amount of programming the average person or family watches, the flat-rate-watch-all-you-want model is extremely attractive for consumers and the cable companies already have the content.) "If I have a choice of going to school A from which I'm 90% likely to graduate and an otherwise equally ranked school B which is 50% likely to kick me out without a diploma, which am I going to choose?" The "otherwise equally ranked school" part shows where a single-dimension ranking system falls on its face. Does it mean they accept the same quality of applicant? If so, graduating from the school with the lower graduation rate might be a much more impressive accomplishment. Or does it mean that the quality of education graduates receive is considered to be basically the same? Does that then mean the second one is just easier to get into? How would all colleges having high graduation rates avoid pigeon-holing people even further into the box that their high-school performance marked them for? If everybody can graduate, the potential signaling is reduced from "got into and graduated from school x " to just "got in to school x ." My old Symbian phone in 2006 had an intelligent zoom, either in the built-in browser or in Opera Mobile. May have just been the latter. You didn't tap to activate it, you moved a little box, but it smart-sized the column you selected to fill the screen. So is changing the mechanism to a double-tap when implementing it on a device with a touchscreen worth patenting? And that's the thing about software. It's so easy to make, compared to designing/manufacturing something physical, that there are thousands of programs out there that you've probably never used, doing who knows what, and yet people are expected to know if something's novel and patentable? First figure out for sure just what you are you looking for out of a startup. Personally, my reason for wanting to work for a startup compared to a large corporation is to get to have more influence and work on a wider variety of interesting problems across different domains. And you can get that without needing to be in a business that has potential to grow to a billions of dollars valuation. But if you're interested in maximizing your chances for crazy sums of money while you're at a time in your life that lets you take risks (and there's nothing wrong with going after that, just don't make plans around an assumption that it'll happen), that'll drive your search in a different direction. I don't know if I'm too cynical, or if he's too optimistic, but the "as long as the ideas in the book cause them to think" part is where I think he misses the mark. I know too many people who read them as gospel. "Why learn how people behave when you can teach them how to behave?" Short answer: because that rarely works. Like how it would be nice if we could be living right now in one of those pure, good-in-theory idealistic societies... We have a few ways of influencing behavior and preferences, but in many ways it's a black box, and it's usually much more productive to ask "how can I profit from helping people do what they want to do?" than "how can I make people do what I want them to do?" "I realize not everyone has an Apple Store nearby but many do." That could be a handy additional service to offer, but they'd still have to provide a non-in-store method for all the people who don't, so it wouldn't be any more secure. There is a disconnect between what a spreadsheet originally was and all the different layout/calendering/organizational stuff people also use Excel for today. For technical users it's a startling omission, but I don't think a non-technical user is going to see this and its screenshots and immediately wonder where the formulas are. Is the term misused? Who cares? It looks really cool because it's focused on the non-math use cases (which IMO are much better suited to a tablet anyway, where I wouldn't want to be entering columns of numbers on an on-screen keyboard). I assumed Bane had found the best hackers in the world with inside knowledge of the system, as a supervillian would, and had them write something that would obfuscate the origin of the trades in the "paper" trail. Basically anyone who lost money that day would blame the break-in, some of them probably did just as stupid stuff as it looked like Wayne did. So how would they know Wayne's complaint was legitimate? What didn't make sense to me was that they were able to continue the program's execution after the outside connection was cut off—if they didn't need to physically be there the whole time, why'd they need to go in guns blazing? Heck, even if they need to be there, why not just slip the program to someone on the inside along with a hefty bribe or threat or both? Other than to give Batman someone to chase for plot purposes, that is... I'm surprised how much more discussion that plot point generated than the magic identity eraser, though. "For example, if you compare a 93 deal score for a November 2012 Knicks game against a 85 deal score for a different game at MSG 3 months later, you'll know that the November ticket is without question a better value--a distinction that couldn't previously be made." Does this take stuff like opponent or day of week into account? It doesn't mention it, but opponent alone makes a pretty huge difference: if most people would rather see a team like the Lakers come to town than a team low in the standings, the prices are going to be higher. I can see this being really useful for something like a Broadway show, but sports are rather unique in this regard, and a lot of times you pick which game you want to go to for factors other than it being the best deal. Granted, for that use case, the system still functions the same as before, it's only the scale of the numbers that are different, but that might make your customers feel like they're getting a worse deal than previously. "There is _no_ incentive for them to resell their user's private information." The incentive is whatever someone else would pay for it. That may not be worth much currently compared to getting to claim to be above all that, but is your information permanently safe there? Do you trust that App.net will always be managed by the same people in the same way? I haven't seen this addressed much by proponents of the "be the customer, not the product" mantra. It would be very easy for someone to be both a customer and a product. The comment wasn't assuming that they _never_ overlap, it was assuming that they don't _always_ overlap. And that's the type of reaction extremetech is going for as well with their headline, photo, and all. I wonder if the author was actually as angry as he wants his readers to be. I don't think the article's wrong, exactly (though I'm more sympathetic to the authors than the, er, author is), but it's definitely written in a decidedly editorialized way. I guess another way to say what I'm trying to say is: he didn't need to add any spin of his own (like the RIAA line) considering the quotes and screenshots. Javascript has its oddities for sure, but most of that lies in areas that you wouldn't need to touch while learning programming basics. Compared to my high school experience of learning in a C/C++ mismash with a teacher who insisted on introducing pointers very early, before ever presenting me with anything interesting to do which would make me want to figure out the details like that (and which scared me off programming for four years), I think it sounds like a dream. I've never been into getting mileage or whatever, but rewards cards can be very handy. I basically get 1% off of everything I buy -- I've got a card through Amex with no annual fee that simply sends me a $25 gift card in the mail every time I spend $2500. It's basically effortless -- all I have to do is pay with two cards every once in a while after getting the gift card and buying something for more than $25. If there are people willing to give you free money you might as well take it. :) Amex has also consistently given me absolutely fantastic customer service. I'm really not in any hurry for them to be disrupted... This is a very good point, I wasn't entirely clear there. I meant free in the context of someone who's already using a debit (I assume processed-as-credit at most merchants) card, yet missing out on many of the benefits offered by many credit cards. I disagree about the tragedy of the commons part -- specifically that it's any tragedy. In order to keep the discussion simple I'm not going to go into the potential for abuse (which is a serious problem) and the charge-vs-credit card distinction, but overall I find cards to be enormously beneficial compared to cash: I can buy pricier items without having to travel to the bank to take out cash in advance or mess around with checks (an annoying, less-secure system that rather scares me fraud-wise), I can buy gas without going inside the building, I can buy things online with ease, I can dispute charges in case of fraud or if a merchant trys to pull a fast one or never ships me the item (and I've been able to do this successfully), and I wouldn't really be out any money if someone stole my wallet, I'd just need to make a few phone calls and get some new cards overnighted to me. For free. It's tremendously convenient, and to me, completely worthwhile. It's amazing how quickly the world can change these days: it's an industry that's about a hundred years old that pretty thoroughly changed the world and has already made it to the "unpopular incumbent" stage. I haven't used RubyMotion, but Rails isn't really the best introduction to Ruby. Ruby gives you the ability to fairly easily create a lot of magic, but for just writing a Ruby program outside of Rails you can still certainly do things in a quite straightforward way where it's very clear what's doing what and why things are getting called. There's some really nice syntatic sugar and functional features that are, to my mind at least, much less "write only" than Perl's while giving you a bit more of that more-than-one-way-to-do-it flexibility than Python. "Sometimes I wish HN wouldn't track average karma. That discourages me from commenting on new submissions that I believe won't get many eyeballs." Maybe some sort of comment karma normalization based on the upvotes for the topic as a whole or the total number of votes on the topic, to try to adjust for popularity of the topic vs quality of the comment... * more consumer money available for spending in areas with more overall economic growth potential? Everybody has their own uses, but here's mine: I read a lot on my phone. Bigger screen = more words on the screen. The point the article was going for (and that I think it made successfully) is that the concept/language has more possibilities than have been explored in the two years its been publicly available. So far most third-party apps have done little more with the ideas than copy how Microsoft has used them so far, that doesn't mean there's no possibilities to do more. It reminds me a bit of my first Powerbook running OS X and the slew of poorly-Aquified 3rd party apps that didn't take real advantages of the differences in the OS X interface, but just slapped on the pinstripes and gumdrops. Because if you think it has enough value for you to watch it, but refuse to pay for it, you're not really protesting anything. You're just being a jerk. It isn't taking a principled stand to do something which helps your own wallet at the expense of the people making the content you watch. For clarification, since I seem to have worded that unclearly: if your protest is indistinguishable from simply being greedy, don't be surprised if your message gets lost. If you think it's worth protesting, go all the way. Otherwise how am I supposed to tell that you really think your reason to protest them outweighs—even to you—your reason to watch the stuff they create? HAML is fantastic overall, but there are two ways in which I don't think it's addressing the same problem as something like this: * Whitespace-sensitive means I don't want to use it in a text-field in a browser -- in an editor I can have guide lines to show me the indentation levels and what lines up with what, and keyboard shortcuts for indenting/unindenting blocks quickly. * Nesting and inline stuff just doesn't work well since you'd end up with stuff like a %b on one line and then an %i on the next line unless you just went plain-HTML for the line. HAML is much more suited for page structure, and not so great for inline content. Something like the following line is really cool with a quasi-TeX feel: "Using multiple tags: {b {i This is italics and bold.}}" Doesn't sound bad to me. Seems like a good place to be if you're performing well. I think it would be very lazy to reduce Microsoft's ultimate success or failure in this decade to a single policy. There are lots of factors that can make large companies fail to move well with the times. Likewise, I wouldn't give it much credit if MS (or Google, or whoever) does well. With a few notable counterexamples, most very large companies end up adopting processes to manage the size of the company, but how large is the impact of the particular process chosen? Is it really controlling success or failure? Bad management/vision can happen in any system. I haven't yet worked anywhere where everyone performed equally. I've seen places that keep the people at the bottom on as long as everything else is going well, and other places that try to replace them as soon as possible. But I don't know enough about the precise details of MS's system to comment on how fair it would be in the end. An entire team working 60 hours a week a full quarter straight is an entirely different problem. Sure. The main point I took from the article was a frustration with the way people feel a euphemism is needed for "marketer" (which does seem rather elitist), and that avoids that, and also sounds less trend-following-buzzword-happy than "growth hacker" (which to me always makes we wish I could hack another few inches of height on so that I could dunk a basketball). Interesting, my guess would've been that yard sizes were at least staying the same. I've chiefly associated new construction with "further from the city center" (from living in suburban Texas for most of my life until recently) where the amount of available land increases dramatically as the radius from the center increases. The Census PDF breaks things down into inside- and outside-MSAs, and they've both been getting bigger, but I'm not sure if the MSAs have stayed constant size or gotten bigger themselves... "I'd modify "Programmers who don’t code in their spare time for fun will never become as good as those that do", to be "Programmers who don't code in their spare time for fun will never be as good as they would if they did". I definitely believe coding for fun helps your skills, but I've seen too many "just-a-job" programmers code circles around others on the same teams who had side projects and kept up with the trendy languages. It's not a clear differentiator, just a data point." Yeah, as originally written it basically reduces to "programmers with more experience are always better than those with less experience" and that's just not true. Side projects are a good sign that someone cares, and a good way to get experience faster than others and (potentially, unless you're just repeating stuff you already know in them) keep your experience diverse, but that's all. IME light-gray on white actually tends to be more readable on PCs than Macs due to the still-rather-different default gamma setup/color profiles. Cheaper PC screens especially often default to darker, bluer shifts. I normally hate comments that simply criticize something not related to the content of the article, but in this case I found the lack of contrast made the article basically unreadable (on a MBP, using either the internal screen or a nice external display). I'd much rather simply be asked to code (at the interview, or as a "homework" thing before the interview, whenever... just not over the phone, please!) something similar to what they'd want me to do at the job. My side projects are for fun and playing around with new ideas, and don't really represent the style of code I'd be writing in a professional engagement. Here's an example from in the past: I wanted to crunch some baseball stat numbers using a Matlab library I'd found. So I hacked together some minimal parsing of publicly available game logs in Python, since I wasn't that interested in learning Matlab IO, then dumped them from Python to a format Matlab could read. Iterated that part until it worked for all the files I was interested on (but still in a rather ugly state) then hacked together some analysis in Matlab. DRY, or good design in general? Nah, it was a one-off thing. My reading: he purchased authorization to use the system from a phone. He instead used the system from a computer, without authorization for doing that. Whether or not Gogo should price discriminate like that, it seems clear that they want more money in exchange for authorizing use from a laptop. "Since they're implementing this in a stupid way, it's perfectly valid to exploit their method[...]" Really? If you went to buy something on Amazon, and found they had a "stupid" vulnerability you could exploit in order to get half off of your order—maybe some Javascript hack that made the part of their system that calculated the price you pay think you actually ordered a smaller version of the product—is that immoral? Is leaving your house or car unlocked a sufficiently stupid vulnerability to become "perfectly valid to exploit"? I'm not seeing why you think the answer is "no," then. (a) Knowingly? The blog post (and the changing and then changing-back of the UA) makes this clear. (Though if he had happened to inadvertently had his UA set to mobile before hand, maybe to test something the day before, and never even saw the other screen... but once he saw it, and consciously decided to get around the higher price, it hits the "knowingly" requirement.) (b) "Access a system used by the federal government, a financial institution, or a system used in interstate commerce"? The Gogo system seems pretty clearly an interstate commerce system to me, what with the whole used-across-the-country thing and the charging-for-access part. (c) Without authorization? He specifically notes that he saw they charged different prices for different devices and purchased the option for a device that was not the type he was using. So he did not purchase authorization to use it from a laptop. I don't think it's fair to compare the aperture of this lens when zoomed in to the aperture of an iPhone lens. Without using it, my first guess is that having an optical zoom is going to do more for general purpose image quality than what is lost by cramming 16mp into a small sensor. Obviously it depends on the use case, but in general, people like to zoom. On a less speculative note, I disagree that image quality = narrow DOF. There's more than one style of picture in the world. That said, I agree with the overall point of it being mostly a marketing gimmick (16MP on a tiny sensor? app store access? yawn). But then I'm a guy who's not happy without at least an APS-C size sensor, preferably with interchangeable lenses. And even then, it does drive me crazy that this can have GPS built in and my SLR requires an obtrusive, reportedly-very-slow add-on. "Americans think" doesn't imply "only Americans think." I don't see anything in there saying citizens of other countries are different. Something overlooked in the "he didn't give interesting answers" complaints is that just being able to ask a question (even if it goes unanswered) is a form of communication with the President that's never been available to an average citizen in this way. If these numbers were the result of dividing by 7, that would put the working/commuting number at 64 hours a week instead of 46. 40 minutes of non-weekend volunteering/religious activity sounds perfectly reasonable to me. I haven't seen the church part as much on the coast, but back in Texas there were a lot of people I knew who went to at least an hour's worth of in-week religious service. I doubt this particular solution would end up being looked kindly on. This is one of those places where the edge cases get weird. Netflix, for instance, is well entrenched as legal. And Zediva was basically Netflix with the latency removed. But because of the streaming nature, the one-copy-to-many-eventual-viewers thing was able to be labeled a "public performance." When really the difference in a "spirit-of-the-law" way is that the lack of latency would require the service to need far fewer DVDs than Netflix, which would result in less payments to the content creators for the same amount of people watching their stuff. Which gets back to the mess that copyright law has evolved into -- in terms of compensation for content, is there any reason that a Netflix service should be worth more to a content creator than a Zediva service? It creates a really perverse incentive in terms of creating more useful services. So going back to why I think this would most likely be struck down: I think the most likely way it would be shut down would be by calling the "purchase" system (while a clever hack) not legally meaningful. Especially since the only person this hack enriches is the service provider: now if someone wants to watch more movies, they have to "buy" and then "sell back" more "discs", losing some small amount of money on each of those transactions. They should be thanking their lucky stars they aren't at Virginia. At a school like Harvard, with their much-touted financial aid where students aren't supposed to have to hold down outside jobs to pay for tuition, how do students end up with very little time to do work? Class itself should take, what, three to five hours on a typical day? That leaves a lot of time for homework and studying. Do people just overwhelm themselves with too many extracurricular activities? Not entirely. There's three main parts: liability, comprehensive, and collision. Liability is the part that's legally required in the US. If the numbers showed that self-driving cars were much less likely to cause an accident, it would be considerably cheaper for them (a much more dramatic version of how anti-lock brakes can make your liability coverage cheaper). Comprehensive (mainly stuff that happens while you're not in the vehicle) would remain unchanged. But it's also the cheapest part. Collision is what covers repairs to your own vehicle if you're at fault or if someone at fault isn't insured themselves (you can also skip the first part and just get uninsured motorist coverage). The uninsured at-fault driver case doesn't change until there are enough self-driving cars on the road that accidents as a whole go way down, but the first case (damage to your own vehicle that was your own fault) should be much less likely and thus cheaper to insure. This isn't exactly the same thing as "no camels" but it feels like it's in a similar completely-out-of-your-frame-of-reference ballpark: People thought all-touchscreen devices with no keypad would be useless as phones—they didn't see how the inconvenience of punching numbers in on a touch screen without tactile feedback could be greatly outweighed by other stuff the large touchscreens would end up enabling. Yet it would be ridiculous to say the reason anyone failed to initially grasp the possibilities was a lack of intelligence. I imagine that being told "there are no camels in Germany; how many camels are in this German city?" simply sounded ridiculous to the rural Russians. And so I assume that with no background in abstract reasoning or "word problems" where you're supposed to rely on just the information presented in the problem, they fell back on what they knew about cities: they're places with camels. Imagine if someone came to you from another country and said something like "we don't have people in our cities. But Atlantis is our biggest city. So how many people do you think live there?" It would sound meaningless. Is causing accidents in self-driving cars going to be any more a target than causing accidents in human-driven cars? Seems you could already wreak a lot of havoc with rush-hour traffic if you really wanted to. Blinding/distracting drivers, obstacles, maybe little bombs? This article doesn't read like a subtle "the suit is back!" pitch to me. It's a pretty interesting look at the economics of a couple of different ways of making better-fitting suits. I agree that the interesting changes will come out of the made-to-measure world. Considering the difference in comfort (not to mention look!) that properly-fitting clothing provides, I'd be extremely interested in getting a nice made-to-measure suit if I had the sort of job or social calendar that would give me opportunities to wear it... and while I don't expect to ever be in the sort of job or circles that would require a suit regularly, I definitely look forward to an economical, quick(ish) way of getting a nice-fitting suit. Last time I bought a suit I had to wait over a month for alterations to be done at the department store anyway, so if someone can come up with a way of reducing made-to-measure turnaround to a month... And then let me gets khakis and less-formal shirts made that way too... I buy a lot more of those than suits. Personally the thing that kills me about the iPhone 4 design is the seams on that metal on the side. I even didn't believe the leak at first because I thought it was a clear step backward for Apple. The Lumia's have a few things going for them: A really sturdy unibody shell that's much more scratch/dent resistant than the Androids I had before, without the shatteriness of the iPhone 4 back (and minor scratches don't hurt the color, it's not just a surface finish). The curve is much more pleasant in hand than the iPhone or most other Androids I've tried. The back of the case is extremely clean, without the logos or fine print of an iPhone. And the 800 and apparently 920 have a curved glass front which is really slick (I hate that the 900 missed out on this). The press-to-focus/press-all-the-way-to-shoot dedicated camera button is really really nice too. The side-center sleep/power button location is also a nice subtle touch. Pick it up with my right hand, and it's right under my thumb. Pick it up with my left hand and its right under my middle finger. Easy to press to turn the screen on or off. I didn't think it would matter (and it looked weird at first) but it really is nicer than reaching up to the top of the device to shut off/lock the screen on my old Evo. But in a world where well over half the people I know with iPhones have them in bulky or just plain ugly cases... how much does hardware design really matter? Everyone has an iPhone like everyone else, and then they put it in a usually-boring case. Heck, even on here, a ton of the people saying it looks nice are saying "but it doesn't have the apps" or such... which of course gets nice and circular! Widgets let you do what live tiles do, but the difference is really in the discoverability. "Pin to start" is pervasive throughout the WP interface, and live tile functionality is built into the "default" app launcher icons. Pull up the location of my apartment in the navigation app? Oh hey, I can pin it as a tile for one-tap "get directions home"? Sweet! Stuff like that. On my Evo I never made nearly as much use of widgets because adding them to the start screen was a different process from adding apps to the start screen, and not integrated into the apps themselves in the same way as far as I remember. The other start screen thing I like about WP is that I hardly ever used the stuff on anything but my main, front-and-central home screen on my Evo. I usually just glanced at the home and then shut it off without swiping left or right to my alternate desktops, unless I wanted to launch an app on one of them. The WP "just swipe down to scroll through all the tiles" idea is really convenient for helping to remember everything you pin there. Craftsmen absolutely think about what's stronger and more durable, not just what's nicest looking (especially for non-visible parts!). I've got a few pieces of pretty decent antique furniture that's made its way down to me in my family (stuff made by craftsmen, not by mass production), and the hidden pieces aren't finished or styled to the same degree as the front ones. The purpose of the back and other non-visible parts is to hold stuff together, not to look nice. I would also point out, from your own link, the specs for their "the ledge": "available with a solid domestic walnut top, sides and doors with a plywood bottom and low voc finish or painted mdf." (Of course, these little details about what's "the right way to do it" are rather irrelevant to the greater point, which is that if you're the type to want to do things the right way, you're going to do things that way. Just don't hate on plywood, it has its uses (and feel free to come up with the programming equivalent!)) Edit -- some more notes on plywood: a sizable piece of plywood (like for the back of a chest of drawers or bookshelf) is going to be stronger (especially with regard to bending, IIRC) and vastly cheaper than a solid piece of wood since it only needs thin pieces of veneer with good grain for the outer layers. And IMO, it looks nicer than having several individual solid-wood boards jointed together in parallel. For the longest time, I didn't even realize that clicking a Google result sent the click back to Google (I just didn't think about it). Then I right clicked one of the results one day and did "copy link" since I wanted to send it to a friend, and got something like this (with a bunch of other stuff in it too that I've yanked out cause I have no idea if any of it would be identifying info, but the end result is that this link no longer works): http://www.google.com/url?&source=web&url=http%3A%2F... I just hadn't thought about it before. It makes sense that they want and use that info, but it wasn't obvious at all that they were collecting it in that way, since the address shown in the status bar is the destination site, not the actual link target. I had just always assumed that the results were based on links and such around the web, and didn't think clicks would be factored in. I disagree (at least that this is universal). If you start with just fundamentals but no specific language, you can't whip up anything to play with. The amount I was able to learn easily without doing anything was quite low, so I'd say start with a language with a responsive interactive shell so that you can quickly see what things do for yourself, and (crucially) see what happens when you make small changes to whatever examples you might be looking at. But there's a bit of this I agree with: don't get focused on just one language. Once you can get basic stuff done in one language, it's worth learning how to do stuff in a different language. For me, the second language was almost as hard as the first, but after that it got a lot easier. (Which is not to say that I don't think fundamentals are important: I'd suggest eventually hitting the core algorithms, data structures, computer architecture stuff—even if it doesn't seem immediately relevant—as well as playing around with more out-there stuff (Prolog was always a favorite of mine). But I don't think all that's going to be interesting at first to someone who's just getting started out of a practical, "I want to build something", not a "I want to learn all of this!", motivation.) This is cargo cultism. Aping dress habits isn't going to imbue you with the attributes that led to success for Jobs. The lesson a would-be successful person should learn from Jobs is to focus on what's essential . If you become so distracted with trying to copy minor habits, you've missed the point. And Steve Jobs was successful far before he started wearing the same thing all the time, anyway. You only have to list self in the declaration, you don't have to pass the instance to itself. Borrowing masklinn's example: >>> class Foo(object): ... def __init__(self): ... self.n = 42 ... def bar(self): ... return self.n ... >>> f = Foo() >>> f.bar() 42 You mentioning rock stars make me wonder if being a scout for a record label is similar. A band that's going to define a new genre or movement will sound nothing like anything currently popular, so it seems you have to identify the things that sound nothing like what's popular but that sound like what will be popular. The returns aren't as dominated by just a few big successes, though. Although I suppose one-hit wonders are a manifestation of something similar: All the returns come from one song out of who knows how many dozens a band or artist may have come up with. That linked one is inoffensive though still a bit goofy IMO: we've got lined paper, but the text on it completely disregards the lines, and the rope/metal cord hanging the paper doesn't look right depth-wise. And glass + lined notepaper is a weird combo in general. :) But I agree with your take that in a case like that it's merely a stylistic choice (some of the other examples, though...). The interesting thing to me is the cyclical aspect: skins seemed to have died down in popularity, at least among the geek crowd, for the past decade. Apple's brushed metal stuff was largely derided, Luna got toned down to Aero Glass, Aqua got toned down to what it is today, "skinnable" became less and less a bullet point for apps (ah, for the good ol' days of Sonique and Audion...). It remained on the web, since there's no good "native" equivalent like for desktop apps, though even there Bootstrap was a move away. Then it exploded again, driven by iOS and an increase in single-page web apps. I have to wonder if it's due to an influx of new designers and developers who are starting on iOS or the web and missed the first go-round. Ultimately I suspect that many of the more extreme examples we see today will end up massively toned down, along the lines of Mac OS X 10.0's Aqua vs today's. I.e., linen/denim/leather/etc are today's pinstripes and brushed metal. Isn't that a comparison of hardware revenues vs Google Android ad revenues? And isn't that exactly Google's play—keep the market from being dominated by a single hardware company that could cut them out from those revenues? ('Course, Amazon has forked it to do basically the same thing, in some regards, so while it might work as an anti-Apple-hegemony move, the openness may have been too much, even from a business persepective.) "Android" revenue as a whole to be compared against Apple's hardware revenues would need to include Samsung, HTC, etc. And then I'm sure Apple's margins would still be higher due to their excellent supply chain, but it's not like they aren't spending any money making all that hardware. I don't think the sports analogy serves their argument (and I'm not sure I really see what they do all that differently than YC). I don't know Michelle Kwan's story, but of the other three they mention: Ichiro got a nice 17M/year contract. Nash has a couple of MVPs and was the 15th overall pick in the draft. Iverson was a number one draft pick and led the NBA in scoring several times. Ichiro came from Japan instead of the traditional draft/Latin America -> minor leagues route, but considering the Mariners paid $13M just for the rights to negotiate with him, he wasn't exactly an ugly duckling by the time he came over. Really, all those guys are more like a phenomenally successful startup than not. There are countless prospects in sports—this is most obvious in baseball with the huge minor league pro leagues, in basketball the NCAA serves a similar role—and only a very, very few of those players turn out to be stars. And frequently scouting for them in advance (like at the HS level) is a crapshoot. If you were an up-and-coming agent and happened to land a Nash, Ichiro, or Iverson, he'd likely be worth more to you than all your other clients combined. "It helps tell these apps apart (“Find My Friends? Oh, right, the one with leather!”). It makes the apps more approachable (“Hmm, this looks just like my real-world address book, it can’t be much harder to use”)." Honest question: are these two things really issues? I've just never encountered the level of non-technical user that would be lost but for those particular touches. And I know there's a huge amount of selection bias in there, but I think usability/distinctiveness can be achieved without kitschy textures or creating your own set of UI elements. If anyone has more links on it actually helping new users, I'd love to see them. The reasons just sound like post-hoc rationalizations to me. Especially because realistic/skeuomorphic/what-have-you skins have gone in and out of fashion over the years and I don't recall complaints that, say, iTunes looked less "just like" a CD player than the old System 7.5 CD player app. (And honestly, in the few minutes I played with the Lion Address Book out of curiosity, I felt like I was missing something big about how it worked. That one in particular seems like a case of things getting more confusing because it presents a physical metaphor that doesn't really fit the digital version.) This is pretty cool. It's very personalized—it would never make sense for Yahoo to hire people to write recap for fantasy games, since those recaps are going to be of interest only to the participants in the league (and maybe only to the two players in the particular game). But it makes sense to have a program write recaps for all those individual games instead of just showing box scores or whatever they had before (I don't play fantasy football myself... it feels too much like work for me, messing around with spreadsheets and numbers and algorithms!). "Talent warfare" cuts both ways—it attracts talent that you could use. As long as people are willing to pay me to work on the California coast, I don't want to move back to the land of 100 degree summers and chilly winters. I'd argue that the reason the iPhone succeeded as wildly as it did is because the one-handed-thumb-operation use case pales in comparison to everything else a big (for its time) touchscreen lets you do. My old T9 Symbian was fantastic for using one-handed with my thumb. I didn't have to look at the screen to type since the keypad had tactile feedback, and navigating up and down with the direction buttons to, say, delete a row from my grocery list while walking through the store was a breeze. I can type faster on a touch screen (especially when using two thumbs), but I can't do it blind nearly as well. Nowdays I hold my phone in one hand, and use the other hand's index finger to manipulate the screen. It's vastly better than a physical thumb keypad for watching media, browsing the web, or viewing any other kind of information (all of which benefits from a larger screen, which is why—epecially as a guy with large-enough hands to do one-handed operation in a pinch even on a bigger screen—I prefer 4.3" screens over the 3.5" of the iPhone). It's also vastly better than a physical keypad for most other forms of interaction. But one-handed thumb usage has always been my mode of last resort for a touch-screen phone. So I like trading against the usability of that mode in exchange for more visible surface area. I would be shocked if the difference between 720p native and slightly-downsampled 720p is really noticable on a screen that physically small. Edit to clarify: for video. Videos and photos scale oh-so-much-nicer than pages of static text. Based on a thoroughly scientific glance at the white keycaps on the Apple keyboard I use at my desk at work—which get amazingly dirty amazingly quickly—the most used key's when I'm working are largely punctuation: some set of 9, 0, [, ], backspace, \, enter, shift, and /. Surprisingly, my left shift key is cleaner than my capslock key at the moment, which I didn't expect at all given how much I hit shift-9 and shift-0 in particular. But this is probably horribly biased because when I get a snack I eat it with my right hand, which I assume makes keys on that side get dirtier quicker. Yeah, the reason I take Adderall is best summed up by the difference in my college GPA that occurred after being prescribed Adderall midway through. (Not to mention all the depression-like symptoms that came from underachieving constantly and knowing it and wanting to change that on my own but failing over and over.) And in the years since then I've gone a few months at a time without it to try to see if, now that I've got more interesting jobs, I still need it to focus. Sadly, it seems like I do. But there are tricks to it. It has something of a threshold for me: after a certain level, higher dosages don't seem to help any more (other than the first day or two right after the switch), as my body builds some tolerance. The just make the side effects worse. And the side effects are unpleasant at best, even at the relatively low dosage my doctor and I have gotten myself down to. I would absolutely not take it regularly if I felt like I could get stuff done at a sufficient level without it. Some people need their coffee, I need something a bit stronger. Sucks, but I'm stuck with it for now. IMO, Phones have been pretty much commodities feature-wise for at least two or three years. The iPhone was the first modern smartphone, and I'd call the 260+ ppi Droid the first "truly modern" smartphone. Apple leapfrogged that screen density a bit further with the iPhone 4, but the usability/readability jump for text was biggest in that first jump made by the Droid. There aren't any current truly game-changing features out there. Heck, despite missing free turn-by-turn navigation for years (and there being much complaining about this from iPhone users) iPhones still sold in ever-increasing numbers. Even if the geek crowd is feeling like the iPhone is increasingly just more of the same, I think it'll take a long to for that feeling to permeate the masses. And it would probably take some serious marketing/design failures on Apple's part for it to happen any time quickly. So while Android's carving out a ton of sales in the cheaper/free-smartphone area, Apple still has a ton of mindshare as the premium smartphone for heavy users, which further drives development of the latest apps to be targeted for iOS first, etc. (And that's without mentioning the iPad sales beast.) But unless someone figures out something truly novel to do with NFC or whatever other new features introduced, people aren't going to care much. Right now those features look promising to people in the know, but they're still far from essential . Apple gets some more help in the US with the subsidy situation—for instance, on AT&T, the new-customer unsubsidized price of the 16GB S3 is $100 less than the 16GB iPhone 5, but the two year contract one is the same price. The One X is $200 less unsubsidized, but only $100 less with a two year contract. Some quick searching makes it appear that the S3 was only $50 less than the current iPhone 5 price unsubsidized at initial launch, but that's still a nice little trick on Apple's part to have AT&T sell a pricier phone for the same price. Looks like AT&T is still the only option for simultaneous voice+data, though, due to antenna limitations: http://arstechnica.com/apple/2012/09/still-no-simultaneous-v... I don't think egypturnash or grueful are saying that; rather, they're questioning how many TaskRabbit workers come close to that. Let's look at Chris Mok, mentioned in this article as a top-ranked TaskRabbit who makes "up to" $1500 a week, but a Reuter's article from February describes him as making about $3500/month, which works out to 42k per year[1], far far below that weekly "up to" number. And so when TaskRabbit's Leah Busque says people make "up to" 60k a year, my assumption is that most are making much less, especially when a "top ranked" guy appears to be about 18k below that. I'd love to know mean and median figures, at the least, but haven't been able to turn them up—which doesn't do anything to alleviate skepticism about the "up to" numbers. Obviously if someone can make even 20-30k from this in a market where they can't find anything else, then it's a good thing they've got TaskRabbit, but I wouldn't really call that enabling entrepreneurship in line with the TaskRabbit PR message. [1] http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/02/09/us-peer-idUSTRE818... It may be louder, but I can't agree that it is stronger than in the past. Most recently, look at the increasing acceptance of homosexuality—and there's a long list of "sins" before that that have gradually become accepted by mainstream America. FYI, selekt.com is going to a parked domain page for Domains Made Easy. The logo in the top left of the page goes to "blog." so I stripped that prefix off to check out the main page, and was very surprised. That purchase occurred a couple of years after the Intel switch. In retrospect, it looks a lot like a purchase intended for the newcomer iOS lineup. None of this is unique to social networks or new. Giving people a new way to communicate with each other doesn't change what they want to communicate. Most people want to impress other people. Why would communication with friends through the internet would be any more meaningful than communication with friends through other means? Why was it better that people in the 90s showed off their new toys face to face instead of face to face and on Facebook? Maybe "look at how much more sophisticated I am than the 'normal' people" is the insecure-hacker version of "look at what a cool lunch I had." Hulu Plus makes much more sense when viewed as a cable alternative (where there are also ads, but you pay a lot more) than a Netflix alternative. Netflix is going to try to get into the first-run content market, but right now if you don't have cable or OTA TV but want to be able to legally see any shows during their season, for just a fixed subscription fee, Hulu Plus is the option (though sadly it's missing a lot of stuff I'd like to see—I'd gladly pay at least $20 if it covered all the major broadcast and cable channels' original shows). A lack of groundbreaking innovation leads to commoditization, not the other way around. A commoditized market is ripe for new innovation to set an offering apart—and if that innovation is big enough, it may just end up creating a new market. The feature phone market was pretty commoditized, but that didn't stop people from trying to figure out ways to create a new, less-commoditized, market by making phones smarter. And touch-based smartphones, too, will become increasingly commoditized until someone comes up with another revolution. Similarly, the basic functionality of a car has been commoditized for decades, but competition keeps innovation going. The trick is to turn a less luxurious good into a luxury good. Which is rather like what they did. Cars are an area where this is really common. BMW doesn't bring their lower end stuff into the US. Toyota created Lexus to be a luxury brand. Or there's the pricier sorts of bottled water... For DSL/metaprogramming fun (and occasional hair-pulling, heh), Ruby also gives you instance_eval and its siblings/cousins for running a block with "self" bound to a different object. I've mainly used it for providing the ability to run a block in the scope of a certain object without the author of the block having to reference that object at all (so field names can be referred to without any prefix, which gives a nice clean syntax). I agree completely. Navigating back/around in apps is the single biggest thing that makes me feel like an idiot whenever I use an iOS device. I feel like the dedicated buttons kept me from ever feeling quite as dumb when I was first getting used to Android or, later, Windows Phone. Otherwise stuff just feels like I'm used to one way and Apple does things a bit differently, which is fine, but I really don't get the lack of a back button. A lot of stuff seems to turn into two-step "tap to make the button bars show up, then tap the button" procedures instead of just hitting "back." I guess what I'm trying to say here is that, after learning touch-screen interfaces on non-iOS devices, iOS doesn't feel any more naturally intuitive, like as if Android or WP7 was missing something. It just has different customs. Part of the article discussed a "trick inventor" who's pretty much stopped coming up with new ones in favor of other things, like writing about the history of magic, since it's reaching the point where he couldn't make a profit on it: "Invention is all fuzzy, sloppy stuff," Steinmeyer says. "I have patents, and I have had patents that have expired. Everything has a limited lifetime. But when a person can't make a living by coming up with new material, that's when you have to wonder about the system. I would say that over the last few years, the last ten years, it's a net zero. I'm putting as much money into it as I'm getting out." The first one, if it's real, confuses me: how does the plane turning upside down kill the pilot? I wish they'd go further, though: how much battery life could Apple get out of an iPhone if they kept their great minimization and efficiency-maximization of the electronics going, but pulled back from the thinner-and-lighter-every-time mantra and devoted all the saved space to a bigger battery? An iPhone that's smaller than my still-pocketable non-Apple phone isn't that appealing to me (yay for having above-average-sized hands!). An iPhone that could go a week easily on a single charge would make me sit up and take notice, though. Designing software's easy; writing it is hard and has edge cases and all that fun stuff. ;) I see things like 'moocow01: free duplication isn't the same thing as it costing $0 to manufacture software. Software is "manufactured" almost exclusively on a one-off basis. However , there are still similarities. New languages, frameworks, tools, etc, basically do the same thing to software as the $35 tablet represents in hardware. There are a lot of new tools in the past five or ten years that will let you quickly create something that's now seen as basic, but would've taken much more work to duplicate in the past. This was ISyE, not stats, and it was 5 years ago, but I was amazed by how much extra work some people would do to avoid having to learn anything but Excel (meanwhile, I was messing around with R and whipping programs up to get better results in less time). This was at a highly ranked engineering program, too. Based on a few people I've kept in touch with, it seems like it hasn't changed all that much at the undergrad level. The grad level was where the problem sizes and difficulty really forced you to use better tools. I think the move from product simulations/renderings to solely being able to show what the product can do now is a great change. I've been critical about some of the usages of Kickstarter in the past, but this addresses a big part of my concerns. I do hope that it doesn't keep products that are in a rough state from being able to be successful, though if somethings really that complex that you need to raise a lot of money to have a marketable prototype, let alone bring it to market, I don't think Kickstarter donations are the way to fund it. Figuring out how to get everyone's number at once without looking creepy or putting anyone in particular on the spot is left as an exercise for the reader. ;) (The first one I'd try: a friendly group contact info exchange suggestion, to be able to keep in touch, would let me then follow up one-on-one later over text/calling/facebook/your method of choice, without having to corner anyone.) I'm curious, what do you mean by "extended surprise expectation inversion"? Google didn't turn up much. The idea of an agent sounds fantastically attractive to me for the next time I'm job hunting and looking to break in to a new area/field/whatever. It's work, and it's not the sort I enjoy, so yeah, I'd be willing to pay for it. Also, the idea of having an agent to negotiate salary, at least initially, sounds great since the agent will presumably have a lot more knowledge of other salaries in the area or even at that company and the information situation would be more balanced. One day we could have "compilers" to catch most your/you're, their/there/they're, effect/affect errors, but then what about the dynamic typists!? Though I don't have any problem with new short phrases like "text me" or even "friend me" (though I'm not sure just how long that one will hang around since it seems rather FB-specific). "Calling" wasn't always something you did with a phone, after all. And "send me a text message" sounds so stiff compared to going from "call me" to "text me." So I don't think you'll be able to effect change there. Great post! I had no idea that Ruby supported _ for "don't care" in block declarations like that. Ever since I first saw it in Prolog, I've loved the idea of having a special symbol for "don't care", and I find the examples using it in this article to be much more immediately clear than the ones with unused variables (once you know about the _, at least). While it doesn't provide the same level of functionality here as in Prolog, being just a nice little indicator of unuse here, using duplicate names for unused variables, feels much more sketchy to me -- a non-underscore variable name just doesn't stand out as immediately noticeable in the same way. And allowing duplicate names as a general rule, not just for one special case, seems a much more likely thing to trip up inexperienced programmers in the future. Say someone was lazy and used "x" as their unused variable, and someone newer to the language came along and didn't notice the duplication and actually used the x variable for something? Part of this is the same old rehashed-to-death "would Jobs allow a misstep" revisionism, but the question about protecting the current success is a more interesting one I haven't seen elsewhere. Apple, from '97 until now, hasn't been afraid to cannibalize their old mainstay products -- and that's where I think the absence of Jobs (and just the sheer size of the iOS success) might change things. Even if the locations are secret, wouldn't the landlords of the locations near the stop notice the increased demand and raise their prices in response? Wireless global communications for the masses is an enormous leap forward. Cars and planes let me easily move 1500 miles away from where I grew up. And then modern communication technology and video/audio compression lets me communicate, with video, in real time with people back there, from anywhere I go with phone coverage. That's pretty damn significant. The author of the original article is basically also assuming that none of the interesting things that are currently being researched are going to amount to anything . It's a bizarre mix of sampling problems, observational biases, and cynicism. Edit: I thought of another pretty huge one: imaging, especially medically (look at how much less invasive many surgical procedures are now than they were 30 years ago), but also for stuff like mapping. We now have collections of images taken from airplanes and satellites of most (all?) of the world. When has that kind of information ever been available in the past? What kind of cool stuff will we be able to do in the next twenty years with all this information that has only seen widespread availability in the last ten years or so? And then there are the medical procedures that weren't even possible thirty years ago... It seems very similar to up- and downvotes. You'd want to know how to filter out the noise, but you're going to get a lot of good feedback from them. For instance, as much as I loved bad teachers in HS who let me get away with not doing anything, I never would've told anyone those teachers were "good" -- it was just that my immediate desire to slack off in high school outweighed my desire to do work on my own in spite of having a bad teacher who didn't require it. But grading that teacher as bad wouldn't take any special effort, so I would've done it. The big differences I've seen between Google and iOS Maps are in the data-cleanup aspect, not the technical aspect. That doesn't take top tech talent, it just takes a lot of man hours (or truly spectacular tech talent to come up with algorithms that don't need the cleanup, but Google isn't there yet themselves). Just a few weeks ago I was checking out my feed on my phone at lunch and saw a post from an old friend I hadn't talked to in years saying he was visiting town for a few days. I sent him a message and we ended up hanging out one night that week, and we had a blast. Or, last year, there was an old friend who'd seen one of my updates pop up in her feed, and decided to send me a quick message to see what I was up to these days. We ended up talking and hanging out quite a bit, and now she's become one of my closer friends, after we had drifted out of touch for years due to moving away. Without Facebook, would we have been on each other's email list or blog or whatever non-social-network method of sharing info? Probably not. Those aren't the only things it's done for me, either -- and just two days ago I got another one of those sorts of messages, though it's too early to know if anything more than a quick "oh here's what I'm up to these days, how about you" exchange will come of it. But I think even that's worthwhile. I'm also not particularly concerned about them having cookied me and learning a bunch of sites I've visited through that. There it's mostly a numbers thing -- out of all the millions of users, I'm not too worried about someone deciding to try to hassle me with my info somehow. Compare that risk with how easy it's made it to reconnect with all those old friends. (I'll talk about the nightmare scenario of this post in a separate comment, this is just meant to illustrate the positives vs the current negatives.) If these companies learn everything about everyone, what happens if what they discover is that most people have their own little problems and health issues and craziness? The truly awesome people with absolutely nothing wrong with them? Good luck finding them! As far as the migraine bit goes: there are already some sorts of medical discrimination that are illegal to use for hiring in the US, though I don't know exactly what is and isn't currently allowed. But analyzing someone's FB posting to try to find out that they suffer from migraines seems like the sort of thing that violates the spirit, if not the letter, of the law and would quickly get shot down. And the Affordable Care Act is already taking steps towards making it illegal for insurance companies to abuse this sort of information. If you don't like the scenario in the article, keep that in mind next time you wonder about whether government regulation is ever appropriate. So this hypothetical Narrative Data company would have a largely-illegal business plan, and nobody would notice? There wouldn't be any whistleblowers? People would be willing to contract their HR stuff out to them? In my view, there's a pretty bright line between the described business and today's background check companies. If you can tell me how to set up Lion to use my preferred Snow Leopard hot corner settings, I'll be forever grateful: * Top left corner: Show all four spaces in a 2x2 grid * Top right corner: Show all current application windows * Bottom right corner: Show desktop * Bottom left corner: Show all windows I've been using this setup (minus the Spaces part) since 10.3, and have yet to find a workflow I prefer for managing windows on a laptop screen's limited space when using a laptop with no external displays hooked up. I'd prefer to also have Leopard-and-before style proportionally-sized Expose to SL's grid, but that's a minor thing. Lion's Full Screen Mode and Mission Control appear to have made things more "accessible" (and oh, are people often surprised by my setup when borrowing my laptop for a bit and inadvertently hitting a corner!) but I can't find any way to replicate what I had before. As far as I can tell, the options are just gone. And I find the removal of features I'd come to love really disturbing, especially coupled with the move away from hardware upgradability/expandability. ----- As far as moving the Mac to ARM goes... that's in all likelihood the day I buy another ThinkPad. And for pretty much exactly the same reasons as the first time, when my PowerPC-based PowerBook G4 just didn't have enough power, and couldn't virtualize x86 OSes for testing/dabbling/whatever. That's good to know about ML. I've been happy staying on SL for my personal laptop so far, but am glad there's an upgrade path that'll still give me an all-windows Expose functionality. Spaces was always the least-used of my hotcorners -- especially after getting a separate work laptop that lives with two external monitors hooked up, plus the internal screen open, which greatly reduces the need for that kind of stuff. It's mostly made me not bugged by it being on Lion. What makes you think Apple would have more luck competing with Intel on speed this time around than they+IBM/Moto did in the past, or than AMD has had? I'd also happily pay considerably more for things like Spotify and Hulu Plus and Netflix in exchange for bigger catalogs and sufficient amounts getting passed to the creators to fund the production of future content. I don't see any way to keep physical media from being phased out, and if that's inevitable I prefer a streaming model to a rebuy-for-each-new-digital-format model. I'd be curious to see if the volume selling "Mercedes tablets" in four years would be enough to sustain Apple's supply chain and logistics advantages, or if it would open the door for someone else to start matching them on build. "Do you really need to use a whole giant framework for some simple site with a few CRUD operations? Probably not." I'd rephrase this as "should you really spend any more time than necessary on a simple site with a few CRUD operations?" The answer is still "probably not" but now implies something completely different. I also think that the fact that "just in it for the money" programmers can continue to exist shows that there's more demand for programming work than could be done by only the best and brightest programmers. So if there's work to be done, and work that doesn't need the best and brightest, why dwell on it? I agree with this part of the conclusion: "we should have some appreciation for what we have these days, because whether we want to admit it or not development is pretty easy" but disagree with much of the tone of most of the article leading up to that. And I disagree that we can turn the trend around (or that we'd even want to). Did you actually set up your system to use case-sensitive HFS+? What does it do that the default doesn't? The ability to upload an Excel file, edit it on the web editor or the app on my phone, and still have the original xlsx file with full fidelity available through Skydrive is fantastic. I was never a fan of the Google Docs integration on my old Evo running 2.3—it seemed terribly slow to load the docs list and individual documents, even on wifi—but have been very happy with Skydrive and its integration into WP and also Mac OS X and Windows. I honestly can't tell if this is sarcasm or not. The bit "[a network] where a system decides who is your friend was just awesome" could easily go either way. Did you actually find out interesting things from its statements as to who your friends were, or do you not like the idea (it doesn't sound particularly appealing to me)? It is a bizarre requirement, especially since Skydrive does preserve case. I'd just never run into anyone with case-sensitive HFS before. Yeah. It's almost like a drug. The weird/stalkery part of it is checking them out extensively on Facebook first instead of just talking to them . If I was a girl in college and a classmate did that first I think I'd be a bit weirded out that he felt the need to try to come up with interests to talk about in advance instead of just starting up a conversation and finding out stuff about me. But there's a lot of social conditioning in this—like, if I was a guy in college, and a girl did that to me, I'd be more understanding because girls in the US generally aren't encouraged to cold-approach guys in the first place, and so it would be cool for it to happen, period. You can pretend to have shared interests at first regardless of how you find out about the other person's interests, so it's not restricted solely to that sort of creepiness, but it still feels like an awfully roundabout way of talking to someone you want to talk to compared to just talking to them. And for some people, someone looking you up online so that they can "casually" steer an initial conversation to a pre-researched interest is itself a signal that makes that person less attractive to them. EDIT: I've known otherwise-attractive guys who've done things like that and provoked "creepy" as a reaction; I've known otherwise-attractive girls who've done similar things and provoked "desperate" as a reaction. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't, but in general the further you get past just talking to mutual friends for "research" the more you're risking coming off bad. The real trick is trying without looking like you're trying. "I dunno, fly casual." The thing that gets lost in all these attempts to come off good initially is that just being able to talk to someone entirely off-the-cuff and carry a conversation is a very valuable skill—one that's worth practicing! From where I'm standing the negative association is largely due to the "pick up" part. Except for a year in a dorm where I couldn't disable my dorm room door's automatically-lock-when-shut behavior, I've developed a simple habit that's kept me from ever locking myself out of my car or home since: never lock the place/vehicle from the inside, or let it lock itself. I can't lock the deadbolt on my apartment when I leave without the key. And I can't lock my car from outside without the key. It's a way of forcing me to always have my keys. So while I love the convenience this idea provides for shared access to places, and for frictionless don't-even-have-to-get-out-my-keys access, locking oneself out is a solved problem in my book. (Sure, I could lose my keys, but I could also lose my phone—and the redundancy here is another nice and fun thing provided by this system.) (This habit was largely inspired by getting a car which refused to let me lock myself out: if I pushed the lock button down on the driver's door while the door was open, and then shut the door, it unlocked itself. Previously I'd had one where you held the handle out to override this behavior, but this one insisted on being locked from the outside. And then I noticed that this was keeping my from locking myself out like I had a few times with the old one.) So a while back the benefits didn't outweigh the "huge downside" that he found the screen size of the Galaxy SII, but now that Apple increases their screen size "the software benefits that come from that extra half an inch hugely improve the experience of using the phone." The continually disappointing thing about the iPhone coverage has been people who dismiss things as not needed until Apple gets around to implementing them. Personally, I guess my hands are bigger than Curtis's, since I've been using 4.3" phones since 2010, and it's really not a big downside at all -- but rather, the iPhone's screen size is, honestly, still too small for me to consider. Thinner/lighter/smaller isn't always better for everyone. One size fits all doesn't . EDIT: the other oft-overlooked part of this discussion is te frequency of one-handed use. For me, at least, I'm usually already using both hands if I'm doing something more than passively reading/watching something. I'd be interested to know if this is different for others, so that any inconvenience to one-handed use is actually a major inconvenience to your primary use of the phone. Additionally, Apple recognizes the need for different form factors with pretty much every other portable device they make, from the iPod to the MacBook lines and, reportedly, soon even the iPad. So why not the iPhone? Huh, that's interesting, I'm right handed and generally hold my phone in my left hand, so that my more dextrous hand is free to either touch the screen or do other things (like open doors). I wonder what's more common: holding the phone in your off hand or your dominant hand? Is there a good, power-user-focused laptop manufacturer right now? I've heard others express similar opinions about newer Lenovos, and I'm currently on a MBP so I haven't used anything newer than a T500 much, but I really miss having a proper dock on my desk that I could just slide my laptop into. And I really really really miss my X61's keyboard any time I use the built-in one on my MBPs (oddly, my T500 seemed to have too much flex to it's keyboard, but I never bothered swapping it or anything because I hardly ever used it outside of the dock). That reminds me of a euphemism that I found delightful that I heard once while working for a space company... "achieving submerged geostationary orbit," I think it was. Yep. I feel like there was another word in the phrase as used by the engineer I heard it from, but I can't for the life of me remember what it was. Among all the non-programmers I've talked to about work, I've never found one who doesn't have to deal with some sort of constant, repetitive negative feedback. Teachers have to deal with some kids that simply won't stop acting out, and who continually perform poorly on assignments (not to mention parents happy to tell them everything that the teacher is doing wrong). The salespeople have countless deals they fail to close. The manager has to make painful decisions about other peoples' livelihoods, and absorb the criticisms coming down from higher up the chain. The artist has to deal with everyone being a critic, and doesn't have the luxury of dealing with things that either work or don't work, it's all subjective. The doctor can't cure everyone. The lawyer can't get justice for everybody. The data-entry clerk peon has to ignore that they're completely replaceable and that they'll probably be replaced by a computer sooner or later. Anyone building anything (not just software) has to deal with the reality that 95% of the time, it's not done yet, and you still have more work to do and things to fix. That's not to say that some people aren't going to be happier in certain fields than others, or that some subsets of the field fit some mindsets better than others, but software is pretty good work. The article acknowledges this right up front, and then ignores that to dwell on the negatives. It blew my mind a little to see such a negative perspective. If I fix a simple bug in my code, it doesn't bother me much, because I know I sometimes make mistakes. If I find and fix a really interesting subtle thing, then it means I learned something new, and that the product is now in better shape than it was yesterday. If there's a usability issue, it's an opportunity to figure out a new way to do it. And all the while I have the constant positive feedback of knowing that this thing that I built is doing something , I can directly watch it do that thing, and that it's being used by people to get stuff done. Unless you build everything exactly right the first time, and never have to deal with external changes that mean the software needs to change, you're never going to be free of negative feedback. So you should start looking at why you're letting the negative parts drive your attitude. EDIT: My own personal idiosyncrasy is that I get very suspicious, maybe even paranoid, about a complex task if everything seems to work right the first time and I don't have a few cycles of negative feedback. I know it's complex, and so I don't expect perfection out of the gate, so a few runs through the "fix one thing, find another issue" washer are oddly reassuring to me. Even though rationally I know that fixing things I knew to test for doesn't mean it's any less likely that there are errors in the things I haven't thought to test. It's ultimately the end quality and impact of the product that make it worth (or not worth) the price. An album is more feasible to make on one's own, but it's also much more likely to be listened to many more times. I've heard my favorite albums far more than I've watched my favorite movies. But at the same time I realize how much it costs to produce a major motion picture, so I'm okay with paying ten bucks to sit in a theater for two hours. They provide me different kinds of value. That quality/impact has always been what gave creative works value—the scarcity of physical distribution only enforced that value, it didn't create it. A physical copy of an album nobody liked couldn't be sold for $15, even though it was no more sharable than a physical copy of an album everybody liked. The problem facing creative works with the internet is finding a way to make money off of producing high quality works when you can no longer rely on physical scarcity. But that doesn't mean there is no value there anymore: genius and talent are still scarce . Moving to models built on services like Pandora and Spotify could turn out to be a good thing if it shifts rewards in favor of things with lasting quality, not just a "make two good hits and ten crappy songs to push a bunch of one-time album sales." But I think they're going to have to bring in a lot more revenue to be really effective at rewarding truly talented artists. But hey, radio is able to do it, and that's a "free" service too. I doubt that the lack of rounded corners is going to give anyone issues with the Metro/Modern/whatever style. The list of things with entirely rectangular buttons includes Windows prior to XP, most other older non-Mac window managers and OSes, and a vast number of real-world products like stereos and TVs. The very top thing on that link is an update basically saying it's an unresolved question: "My rounded rectangles cognitive argument is getting a good thrashing — which is a good thing. I'm as keen as anyone to find out if the theory holds water, and if you can direct me to better research, I'd love to read it. Please share!" I don't buy it, personally. Maybe the reason signs in public places have rounded corners, like the famous No Parking sign Jobs showed, is just to avoid having sharp corners for safety? Then there's stuff like the utterly-minimal rounding of Lion/Mountain Lion buttons: they'd fall pretty high on that cognitive cost scale he posits, especially compared to the Aqua ones they replaced. The lack of hinting that one element is clickable/tappable while another is a bigger issue, though, than just rounded edges. As far as web use of this style goes, I think the arrows-in-circles (or something similar) used on the main button on this page, and on the Windows Azure site mentioned elsewhere in the comments here will be key. WP7 is pretty good about having "buttons" be styled fairly distinctively from other elements (they're circular in the menu bar at the bottom of an app, and in other places like the "More Details" button when editing a calendar appointment they get a thick distinctive border. When your style is minimal you need to be very careful and consistent with the meaning of what visual cues you do have, so how stuff like that will translate to the web—especially if someone just wants to make a site look "Metro" but isn't so familiar with the conventions)—is an open question. Well, in aggregate, yes, the customer's have the most power to change the world. The world can't change without people driving the change. A new company's success is directly tied to how many customers need what the company is selling. Customers have the power to buy a solution. VCs have the power to fund a solution. An entrepreneur figures out what customers need and a way to provide that. And at the same time, also figures out how to get this venture funded. It's their position at the intersection, connecting the otherwise-unconnected dots, that gives them the power to really make something big happen. EDIT: perhaps a better way of expressing what I'm trying to say is that taking the step to become an entrepreneur after seeing a problem is the most direct way to try to actually change the status quo and fix that problem. Fascinating read. I always enjoyed my Symbian phones, since the interface was pretty damn good for the keypad form factor, and I have a big soft spot for sliders; the behind-the-scenes mess that grew out of the late-90s platform tech goes a long way to explain more about why quality apps were so few and far between. True background multitasking on a phone in 2006 was really fun, though. I haven't even started writing publicly yet, for similar reasons, but my hope is that what'll happen is that I'll keep on getting better from the practice, learn more about things I've written about in the past, and be able to turn out increasingly useful stuff. I don't expect any of the info to be truly new, but if something took me a day to dig out of a few references scattered across the web, and I can preserve it all in one place, it'll help the next person trying to do the same thing. So filesharers aren't, on average, I'm-not-giving-them-a-penny sorts. But that's not the really key question, is it? If filesharing wasn't so easy, would they pay more for services like Spotify as alternate music discovery mechanisms? Or maybe just buy more directly? Or, to account for all options, maybe they'd buy less? Interesting—personally, I find filesharing to be a really crappy discovery mechanism these days. It's ok as a "this was recommended to me by a friend, do I actually like it" vetting mechanism, but Youtube has surpassed it for that for me. Someone can drop a youtube link on a page or in a forum post, and I can click it and get the music streaming to me right away. Filesharing was the new radio thirteen years ago, when the alternative was MIDI downloads or nothing, but I'd say Youtube serves that role today for the majority of listeners. (Well, actually, if we're talking the population as a whole, radio is still radio—it and traditional TV are both still doing far, far better than internet pundits predicted five or ten years ago.) To address your update, since it's after the edit window for my initial response: Downloading used to me what I'd do to check out new music after getting recommendations (because I don't have the patience to listen to the radio, where there are a bunch of commercials plus songs I don't like). Sometime in the last few years I stopped because I noticed I could find stuff from almost all the artists I was being recommended on Youtube and the like, and it was a quicker way to do on-demand listening of them than downloading a whole album. The difference in our workflows is that I want to evaluate new stuff more immediately. I'm fairly impatient, and I'm also personally not a big fan of cross-artist radio-style random shuffle. As for private trackers, I just don't care enough about music these days to go seek those out or worry about an upload ratio (I got kicked off of one about seven years ago for that reason, since I downloaded a bunch after joining as was catching up too slowly for their tastes...). The big swings left, though still overall on the right, for Ford after Nixon and GHW Bush after Reagan also foreshadow the eventual shift—Nixon and Reagan gained a lot due to being a California senator and governor, respectively, before running for President. (And for the Nixon era, that time's Republican party is a very different one than the one today. See also Texas being blue for Kennedy, Johnson, Humphrey, and Carter.) I don't see that as an "instead of." He talked directly about his product, he just picked a very good, relatable example. And then showed specific details about how his product helps you do it. Most of Apple's commercials are like this: they show their product directly, and they show how you might use it for specific things. Compare that to some vague "we think you're a good person, and we're good people too" branding commercial that tries to relate without showing what I'd actually get out of using their products, or a product-featuring but otherwise short on examples commercial with people throwing Surface tablets around like frisbees. So absolutely tell your prospects how your product will let them do things they want to do—if you don't understand what they want to do well enough to be able to do this, they aren't very good prospects yet—but always focus on your product, because that's what you have to sell, and that's what people are going to be willing to pay for. So, as someone who's never been involved or close to the sale of a heavily funded startup, this sounds on the face of it similar to taking equity in a startup that then raised more money and diluted that equity and then was sold in a deal where that equity ended up turning into nothing—I've read a fair number of stories on here that toss around terms like "preferred stock" or whatnot, but still don't really know how the sausage is made. It sounds an awful lot like this, though: the people who put in the most money also have tricks of making sure they get paid, while most of the people doing the work don't have the clout to get in on it. Leaving the model specifics out works fairly well. E.g. 'MacBook Pro 13-inch Early 2011' becomes just 'MBP 13"'. Question on marijauna and driving: how would the level be tested? I read a comment elsewhere in the thread that there's no easy way to do it like with a breathalyzer -- would someone have to be brought into the station and given a blood test? If so, the threshold seems to be a bit on the academic side, because that's a lot of effort on the part of the police and it seems like that alone would restrict it to the people driving truly terribly. ----- And at the risk of being too blunt: I'm not too concerned about drunk (or high) drivers increasing their own chances of dying. (Though, yes, if everyone drove less everyone would be less likely to die.) Though on a policy side, I imagine it would be a lot easier to lower the limit than raise it, so I'd favor erring on the "too high" side (who wants to run up against a "HE/SHE WANTS HIGHER DRIVERS ON YOUR STREETS" campaign?). Ars was able to figure out from Schiller's description that it was probably a tiered setup, not a caching system, by 1:25PM Pacific yesterday. http://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2012/10/apple-... You really think we're at that point? I'd be hard pressed to name a single thing I've bought that I discovered from a Facebook marketing effort. I'm currently drawing a blank, off the top of my head. I find local restaurants by walking/driving around or searching Google. I find out about products and the like from TV ads or just seeing them in stores. I've got friend who "like" companies on Facebook to get discounts and such, but when I've talked to them that's been pretty much the full extent of the interaction—basically a new-style email list that gives them occasional discounts. But is that essential to the survival of most businesses? I'm on FB to connect with my friends, I simply would never even consider "liking" 90% of the companies/products I buy. I don't need constant updates from the company that makes my tires, or my jacket, or the vast majority of mundane stuff that makes up the world. The first company that comes to mind when I think of recently successful marketing is Apple, and do they use social media marketing at all? They seem very old school, with traditional TV spots and billboards that show you the product and what you'd use it for. Interestingly, I can see arguments from both sides about whether or not the Windows 8/WinRT moves are risking everything or whether they're just further digging in trying to defend Windows/Office. The changes are big and bold, and a lot of the prerelease Windows 8 criticism has been centered around "they're going to drive all their old users into the hands of Apple/Linux." But at the same time, they're still Windows/Office: a big part of their push is a tablet (and a phone) that can actually use real Office apps. It's adapting what they have to the new market that Apple discovered. Consider everyone who lives in an apartment who doesn't have the option of replacing their lock (and I wouldn't really want to anyway... I rather prefer the unchanged external appearance of this product). IIRC, you can also easily deauthorize users, so it's also the cheapest way I can think of to retrofit something into being a shared space where you want to be able to control access going forward. It's not the perfect lock solution for every use case, but it's a really cool utility for a lot of purposes. From the grandparent post: > Her book is truly excellent. And in previous articles I've seen Paul say that the #1 thing that they want in a founder is determination, and the person that they rely on to spot it during the interview is Jessica. So which part of that are you trying to contradict? The way I read it, your description of her book supports the grandparent's claim. If you are able to create a collection of wonderful interviews, what's the common denominator there? Crashplan hangs on to deleted files for quite some time. I just used it last weekend to recover some stuff I'd deleted about a year ago and realized I wanted back. I was pleasantly surprised to find them still in the system. It has a lot of options for retaining old versions, too: http://support.crashplan.com/doku.php/reference/version_rete... How do you see your first and fourth points interacting? Companies trying to make up for lower sales prices on volume, while still taking ever-more time and effort to create the content? It's in the URL, I wonder if Slate updated it because it was confusing. I also initially read it as "keep drinking (even in 2012)" when it's really "keep drinking into adulthood." I didn't see the event, do you happen to know how this is different than the Windows Phone Connector stuff for WP7 on Mac? It hooks into Aperture/iPhoto/iTunes and lets you sync with them (I really miss the Aperture integration after moving my photo workstation to Lightroom on my desktop PC, actually—it was super convenient). Or is it for syncing WP music to iTunes on Windows? Don't think there's any built-in way to do that currently for WP7. It's been quoted to death, but I feel Jobs was right on the money when he said that at the executive level, there's no "it's not my fault." It was at the very least his responsibility , and this story paints him as not accepting that responsibility. That doesn't look good. If the story is true, I'd consider it a big enough disagreement to remove someone over. You're objecting to paraphrasing a quote from Shakespeare? I generally don't think people are trying to show off when they're referring to something that's in as many high school curriculums as Hamlet... And it's a quote that provides a nice succinct way to convey a certain meaning, that I'm not sure I disagree with in this case. The scroll wheel thing is tricky: I could only use the wheel if the cursor was not just on the virtual "page" but inside the margins, where the text was. Took me a bit to figure out. (Chrome on Win7) Practically everyone I knew over 30 in the late 90s when DVD was becoming a thing told me they didn't see the difference compared to VHS, even on a 37" TV (big for back then). Then I heard the same sort of things about HD a few years later. Eventually I had to stop assuming that they were all lying to me... I don't know if people just figure their vision stabilized in the 20s and don't realize it's still getting worse cause they don't go to the eye doctor every year, or maybe they just don't pay as close attention as me, but I've heard that sort of thing too much to disbelieve. So the last line made me think: why do I hate the idea of the All-American Basketball Alliance[1], but support programs to increase diversity in software? But it's not a contradiction: I have seen nothing to lead me to believe that a talented player of any race will not get a fair chance in the NBA. It's all about winning, but the opportunity is there for everyone. So isn't SV all about winning too? Yes, it is—but we know a lot less about what leads to winning. There are no draft combines where everyone gets show what they can do. Nobody writes code competitively directly against other programmers on TV to prove they can produce at a high level. Companies play it by ear. The NBA knows how to evaluate talent. We don't. Here's a fun example: "PayPal once rejected a candidate who aced all the engineering tests because for fun, the guy said that he liked to play hoops. That single sentence lost him the job. No PayPal people would ever have used the world “hoops.” Probably no one even knew how to play “hoops.” Basketball would be bad enough. But “hoops?” That guy clearly wouldn’t have fit in. He’d have had to explain to the team why he was going to go play hoops on a Thursday night. And no one would have understood him."[2] Welp, guess I wouldn't have been able to get hired at PayPal. Not only do I like to play basketball, I've said "shooting hoops" a lot. You're going to turn down someone who aced your tests because of a hobby and the phrase he used to describe it? You really think that's the secret to success? You're flying by the seat of your pants in a world without good metrics and you don't know which things you did contributed to your success and which things didn't. You're actively discouraging diversity of culture (which is not directly the same thing as diversity of gender/race, but it makes it a lot harder to have the latter). And it's that still-sometimes-present active discouragement of diversity that I find frustrating about many parts of the programmer community. [1] a basketball league venture in the southern US that required players be white, that I believe folded quickly a couple of years ago [2] http://blakemasters.tumblr.com/post/21437840885/peter-thiels... Sure, it sounds plausible that it would do that, but then I think about if my hobbies and work code interact at all, and it just hasn't happened. Have you seen it yourself? The software business has its own jargon, and in my experience it's entirely divorced from non-computer-related hobbies.[1] I played a lot of videogames in the past, but I've never used a videogame metaphor in describing a programming problem or requirement to a coworker. I've played and watch a ton of sports, but similarly that's never come up. And none of my coworkers with other interests (for instance, D&D, which I've only played once myself) have ever described stuff in those terms. [1] If someone didn't have as much technical background or interest in the job itself, that's one thing, but when it comes to liking to go hiking vs liking to play board games? Is it really going to make a difference? They weren't always good dreams! Make sure you're ready to Duck and Cover... And as far as cars go, I'd rather have a self-driving car than a nuclear car. I'd much rather see ads during TV than have to personally cover much more of the cost producing the shows I want to watch. Just keep in mind that there are other perspectives out there. I know some people hate ads and would rather pay more, and I don't blame them for that, but I'm largely the opposite. (This breaks down some for internet display ads where there are privacy concerns with the data being tracked, unlike with broadcast-to-everyone TV ads; I'm not aware of how much data is shared between advertisers and such with this program for W8 apps to know just how big of an issue that might be.) I didn't do it by drawing a line between paid content and content-with-advertising, but over the past two years I've also dramatically cut the amount of TV I watch. I watch about one to three hours of non-sports television per week, on Hulu Plus or Netflix. My sports-watching is mostly background material while doing other stuff, and I don't have cable, but subscribe to things like MLB.TV for it, which (like Hulu Plus or cable) is a paid + advertising model. I did it as an experiment when moving to see how long I could get by without cable and a DVR and hours of TV shows per week, and found out I just didn't miss it that much at all. But for the stuff I do watch, I enjoy the big production budgets that advertising pays for. But I still don't really want to pay any more for it than I already do. Commercials just pretty much wash over me (and internet banner ads I usually don't even notice at all). Sure, there's a not-really-personally-noticed branding effect, especially with interruptive TV ads, but I just don't care if my purchase of paper towels or whatever ends up subconsciously influenced by commercials. But, all that said, and more back to the original topic, ads in apps are one of the areas where I'm more frequently willing to pay to remove them. It's a question of consuming versus using, and wanting to maximize my screen space. And I think it's fascinating how easily iOS and Android (I don't remember any ads in Symbian smartphone apps, though I never really used Windows Mobile, so maybe they were there?) slipped the idea of in-app ads into the world, after the desktop app world avoided them for so long. They are, and that's where the bugs can come from. :) It leads to a situation where it's easy to come back to the code in the future (or have a new developer working on it) and see a field that's a boolean and make an assumption like "well, this is a boolean, so if it's not True than it's False." I like to make my booleans not-null so that they're, well, actually booleans, and leave stuff with three or more states to enum-like behavior. Wells Fargo is a bigger target, but they also have many more layers of protections and an interest in providing customer service. My hunch would be that it would be easier for a criminal to profit off of attacking WF than attacking a personal bitcoin user, but that it would be easier to actually cause financial harm to a personal bitcoin user (even without profiting themselves). But to clarify that, I have a couple of questions about how storing your own bitcoins works, since I've never used it: * How does bitcoin storage work with offsite backups? If someone compromised the backup, would that give them access to your money? * If you lose the file (hard drive crash, home burns down, backup system fails, whatever), does neither you nor anyone else have that money anymore? I.e., someone wouldn't have to gain access to the money themselves to deprive you of it? When it comes to distracted driving, is talking to a passenger in the car any different than talking on the phone on a hands-free device? Is there something weird going on in the brain when it comes to having a conversation with someone not physically present? Interesting. They eye tracking stuff is especially fascinating. My high school AP CS course I took as a senior (good ol' apstring.h and friends...) scared me off programming for four years due to an underqualified teacher, a lack of feedback, and a total lack of any sort of big picture approach, so I really like attempts like this to make it more accessible (and more personal than just something totally automated). The thing I like most from browsing the site is that the demo programs look really interesting. One of the most discouraging things about my high school experience was that we spent what felt like a ton of time memorizing C++ syntax/include file boilerplate, and learning the fundamentals of pointers, and then just used it to sort strings and solve riddles entirely from a command line—but the command line didn't interest me at all back then. The US population seems rather stubborn regarding toilet habits. This is anecdotal, but I knew a guy who interned about a decade ago with a company that produces a lot of toilet paper here in the US. He told me that they had internally developed forms of "wet" toilet paper that were pretty much superior to the dry kind in every way (think of the difference in trying to clean off your hands with a dry paper towel and a wet wipe of some kind), and IIRC they thought they could produce them in a way that wouldn't cause a substantial price hike, but whenever they did tests consumers almost universally hated the feeling, and regardless of how much better/easier they cleaned, they basically refused to consider them. Which is a shame, since dry paper really isn't the best cleaning tool... Yeah, what FB does with information you give it is subject to change at any time. I "like" some things that I never clicked a Like button for because at some point between 2005 and now they converted the plain text lists of "favorite movies" and such into "Likes" for pages for those movies and all. I'd never bothered to go unlike them, but now I'm concerned that they may be spamming my friends... though, from what I see in my own feed, it's really only brands/politicians/stores that do more aggressive to-friends-of-fans advertising (a 10 year old movie has less to gain from doing that, I guess). A P2P-protocolized Twitter sounds pretty non-trivial to implement at scale due to the broadcast nature, compared to email. Seems like you'd have all the same issues Twitter did internally, without the VC-backed resources to throw at them. How realistic is it? I thought those were centrally hosted (aka, you can set up your own instance, but you're not serving as a peer server on one big network), and business-backed too? And not handling anything like the traffic of Twitter. I guess I'm one of the people who ruin it for everyone else. I'm ADD as all get out when it comes to something I'm not really into, but when I'm lasered in on something interesting, it would pretty much take a fire drill to break me out of that. I even prefer a background din in that situation over dead silence—so I've never been bothered by, or spoken out against, any of the trends away from silence. I love open-plan workspaces since I can have an ear open for anything particularly important or interesting (especially if it's relevant to what I'm working on). I probably should've mentioned that it's not all sunshine and rainbows for me: the biggest tradeoff was that it took getting on Adderall for me to stop failing the more mundane courses in college (the ability to totally zone in on interesting stuff was always there, though), and since not every task can be an interesting one, I still have to take it to be consistently productive. And the side effects are not pleasant. I too would love for a few breakthroughs to make it possible to do one-time correctional procedures for stuff like this. The way it's worded, no public school can be a top-tier school, and since he says the value of "top tier" is the (four or more years ago) application process, there's a certain logic to that. A HS student in Texas will have a much easier time getting into UT than Stanford. However, my experience (as a holder of a degree from a further-down-the-list university) has been that after the first job (and then even moreso after the second), the name of your undergrad university matters much less. Having real, productive work experience is itself a powerful signal—so hopefully those first jobs let you do interesting or varied enough stuff to have something good for the resume. So I don't have the network (yet!) that a Stanford or MIT grad would, but I'm not landing on discard piles either. But there's also the historical accident of early computers primarily using light-on-dark displays (I always found amber-on-black mode less harsh on the eyes than green-on-black, personally—but just don't get me started on white-on-blue, bah!), which we then moved away from in favor of dark on light. (If I had to guess the reason for that historical accident, I'd think it had to do with "white" not being a particularly uniform color on a lot of older CRTs, but one with varying hue and intensity in different regions.) I find light on dark hard to read, even in low light. If I'm reading on my phone at night and use light-on-dark, the text looks blurrier to me than if I change it to dark-on-light (where "light" is a shade of gray that isn't harsh in a dark room). (I wonder if dark ink on white paper took off over white ink/paint/whatever on dark paper because most people found it more readable. Anyone know about the history of paper/inks/paints?) Well, if nobody had used their search engine they wouldn't be able to sell those little ads—part of how they "figured it out" (which seems awfully hand-wavy of an explanation coming from a VC) was by having the best search engine. And also, as the post pointed out, other people had seen it. They just couldn't make it work as well as Google did. About leaving school for a while to work: can't you go back if you have to? This isn't like sports, where going pro costs you your college sports eligibility. I took a couple of semesters off for a far less impressive reason, and there weren't any repercussions. Two reasons that come to mind: (a) So that you do, in fact, buy them—turning that "hmmm maybe I should get this thing" into "yes, I will get this thing, especially since I can save money on it!" (b) So that you buy them from me instead of from someone else who didn't give you a coupon. (And while you're here, you're probably going to decide to pick up some other stuff on your grocery list...) If you raise the price too much I'm going to find myself a different store. Ads in desktop software have seemed on their way for a long time, but the only high-profile bundled-with-the-OS example I can think of before this is Apple's Sherlock that came with Mac OS 8.5 and 9. That was a bit of a special case, for similar reasons to the ones in Metro apps. Search engines had ads anyway, so ads in a program that gave you search results in a desktop app wasn't a huge leap. (There was still significant backlash, though.) And ads in mobile apps are fairly commonplace, MS has just gone a step further integrating them into their first-party ones. Which is a curious decision—how much revenue are we really talking about? I also feel like there's an interesting parallel between Sherlock—a specialized program for getting results from the internet—and "apps" in the mobile sense. They're both ways to get around at-the-time-limited web user experiences. Desktop apps like Sherlock, though, did not last particularly long as the web itself got more usable. With an active digitizer and the ability to run full apps, this looks like the perfect photography/graphic work portable workstation, that you can then dock at your desk at home. Extremely interested in it for that alone. But I might wait a round or two, or look for similar 3rd party convertible things... At $1000, currently, it would need to be something that could do everything I wanted when traveling, and I'm skeptical that the in-lap keyboard experience on one of these will be good enough to make it a true laptop replacement for me. Typing in an airport, for instance (or just a recliner, or bed, or wherever)... I want it to be able to sit in my lap. A cheaper Surface Pro in the future will appeal just for the portable photography workstation aspect. A laptop-based 3rd-party alternative with as good a digitizer, at about the same price, would appeal as my next laptop. Not sure this version 1 hits what I want, though. Honestly, it's a lot more useful to me now. It's not as novel, naturally, but would I be happier if it was still just limited to people I knew from college and I still had to visit their profiles individually to see their updates? I don't think so. If it hadn't evolved I bet it would've been "killed" already—for instance, if FB didn't have the news feed, Twitter would become a lot more attractive to me. Note that those are going towards the sun, not away from it, and so benefitting from the sun's gravity instead of having to fight it. Accelerating to ludicrous speed on the way out of the solar system is much more difficult. My understanding (though I'm no astrophysicist) is that gravity boost from a planet works because of the relative velocities between the planet and the sun, whereas trying to use the sun's gravity to boost your solar system escape velocity would fail since gravity would be fighting you on the way out just as much as it was helping you on the way in. I've always loved SBNation's solution for this. When you're logged in, comments auto-refresh (still in the original threaded tree form), and there are keyboard navigation shortcuts for navigating comments and marking them as read (so that when new comments come in, you can then navigate only the new ones). There are also "up" links to the parent comment. Another huge benefit compared to something like HN is that it saves the state of which comments have been shown to you to your user account, so if you close the window and come back to the discussion later it knows exactly which comments came in since you were last on the page, so you can quickly review only the new content. It creates (especially for real-time stuff like discussing an ongoing sports game) a fantastic blend of the live nature of a chat with the ability to have deeper individual discussions (through the threading preservation and display) at the same time. The approach I usually go with is to initially create a full set of notes/slides that contain everything I'll want to cover, and then use a copy of that as the basis for my slides, which I then aggressively strip stuff out of. Then I've got the original notes still to refer to if needed while giving the talk, and to distribute. Slides for during a presentation and slides/notes for reference without hearing the talk at the same time have two completely different needs to fill, and I don't think there's a one-piece solution to both. Especially since I feel the same way that, outside of a conference setting, referring to an audio/video recording of a presentation is much less efficient than a proper set of notes. This is nearly exactly what I would've said, but more thought out. The newsfeed was overwhelming at first, but the day I realized I didn't need to feel bad about not responding to a friend request from some old acquaintance I never actually liked, or about blocking/defriending someone who just posted annoying stuff all the time, was the day it became super useful to me once again. Now my newsfeed is mostly people I care about sharing stuff I find interesting or amusing, and that's a wonderful utility for someone who's moved a few times and has friends all over the country. I'm convinced that what you get out of Facebook is what you put into it. It doesn't have to be an unpleasant experience. Super Mario 64, and I think most of the other top-end N64 exclusives, had a $70 MSRP in 1996 dollars. According to that calculator, that's $99 in 2011 dollars. I can't believe how cheap games are today. From the mention of a "variety of encodes" affecting their numbers, my interpretation of this figure is the average bandwidth used to stream a video to a subscriber, and in that case 2.55MBps sounds shockingly high for an online streaming video bitrate. 2.55MBps would put it a bit above over-the-air broadcast MPEG2 HD rates, whereas not everything on Netflix is HD, and I would assume they're using more efficient codecs than MPEG2. Especially since, from my past experience, I know that they have HD streams that are playable on sub-6Mbps connections. EDIT: and as tedchs points out, the other provider numbers definitely reinforce the interpretation of it being Mbps: I don't think I've ever seen AT&T advertise a non-Uverse DSL speed of above 6Mbps, which wouldn't let it hit 1.5MBps. My guess is that Netflix is reporting the average stream bandwidth accessed by customers of each ISP. So if video X has streams at 500kbps, 1Mbps, 2Mbps, and 5Mbps, then a higher percentage of Google Fiber users being able to reliably stream the 5Mbps feed instead of just one of the lower-bitrate ones would result in a higher average. So there would be a built-in ceiling of the highest bitrate Netflix offers. And based on this data, I'm guessing that for a bunch of their content, their streams max out around 2-3Mbps (which is a reasonable bitrate for 720p film/TV content). My reading is that when the door's closed you don't need the sign at all since if you can see it, you're already in the blast room. The left-pointing arrow seems like the better way to do it to me, when viewing the open door from the hall (though either is probably perfectly clear). The two sites being built by different contractors seems enough to cover the differences in painting/finishing touches (unless there's a standard open/close direction for vault doors, I wouldn't know :) ). But then, "raytraced" never occured to me looking at the photos, just "taken by an actual good camera, not a phone, with a fast lens so that it can take good indoors photos without flash." I strongly prefer the web of today to the web of ten years ago because those barriers to entry prevented most people from doing all the cool stuff Anil talks about. So it was possible to have all those better connections, but it didn't happen much. One way or another, services would've arised that would've tied it all together for the non-technical. I don't think we lost anything more than a potential to have a "better web" that never would've been realized anyway. (And many of those things are still possible, just even less worth the effort now that there are entrenched networks.) Yeah, my experiences on the late-90s, early-2000s internet don't support the idea that some level of technical aptitude correlates to a desire to share anything other than drivel. Timecube, dancing babies, blink/marquee tags, MIDI music backgrounds on yet another "hey look at these pictures of the new muffler I put on my car!" site... ah, the good ol' days. I honestly haven't noticed any increase in drivel, as a proportion of overall content, on the web now compared to when I first got on in 1998. I've mentioned this on here before, but the live-updating approach taken by SBNation sites (I'd guess The Verge, too, but I don't have an account there to know for sure) solves a lot of the issues, including the big ones of "where's the new content?" and "I just want to scroll down" (cause now you're using keyboard shortcuts to navigate to the new stuff). Since I haven't seen the live-updating-with-keyboard-control threaded model on other sites, and haven't seen anyone else on HN comment on their model, I'm curious if there just isn't much overlap between HN and SBNation—though since the launch of The Verge, I would've expected more HNers to have seen it. The complaints about stuff getting pinned to the far right are specious; a flat discussion thread is equally prone to getting hijacked over by two people having a fight. And when it happens on a flat discussion thread, it's not sequestered off to the side by itself, it's constantly being reinserted into the main flow where other people are talking too. What does "believing in Google" mean in this context? Believe that they'd never be mistaken? I'm waiting for the first stories about people having their Christmas present surprises spoiled by their SOs seeing retargeted Amazon ads featuring the products they were browsing while doing their Christmas shopping. Or their kids seeing retargeted Toys R Us ads with the toys the parents were looking at. :) (I don't think retargeting is bad in general, I just think that the shops that due the specific-product-including ones are treading the wrong side of the creepy line and haven't thought enough about shared computers.) > I know someone might shout, "No! The important part isn't > the visuals, it's all about the interactions and the core > product!" And that's exactly right; but to get a feel for > those deeper aspects you need to spend time with it, and we > usually don't have that time. So if we judge by looks, and the gap between how good products look these days is less pronounced, isn't that good? If the gap was bigger then an otherwise-terrible, but pretty, product could gain a much bigger advantage more easily. Taking another step from there: are we getting better at making things look good, or are libraries, display technology, and computing power reducing previously-imposed artificial difficulties to making things look good? I also wouldn't do exactly the same thing regarding the transparencies (maybe kill the extension of the year/day highlights behind the primary white-ish content area, and just only have those highlights be visible in the framing area?), but my first reaction was actually "oh, cool, a site daring to have a bold design and go its own way instead of trying to look 'beautiful' like most of the bland sites posted here." So don't tone it down too much. You can't please everyone, and there's a big design echo-chamber on here. And actually, on second thought, maybe I wouldn't change it at all. Be bold and distinctive. Own it. Design isn't about toning stuff down to the lowest common denominator. And I love the ease of navigation provided by the top year bar and side day bar. I think the realization of it is likely to be much simpler: I expect widespread 3d printing (if it ever really becomes a common in-the-home thing, as opposed to stores printing stuff on demand) to be a curated, extremely simple experience, along the app store model. Though I'm not sure that the economics/frequency of use would make it make sense to have one in every home, at all. Being able to get whatever replacement part or tool I might need fabricated on demand at Home Depot would be extremely cool to me; having to purchase all the equipment and consumables to do it in my own home appeals much less. So I don't know that it would really derail a policy designed to greatly reduce the frequency of mass shooting events by making gun acquisition much more difficult. (Focusing strictly on the feasibility of that, and leaving aside for now any questions of whether private citizens need to have the right to have guns for other purposes.) Does Windows RT offer anything other than ARM compatibility for better size/battery life? Is the whole confusing Windows RT / Windows 8 split something that could've been avoided if MS had known Intel would have these chips ready? It seems like there are several additional ways one could spin the data in this report. From a selfish standpoint, should I, as a Californian in a booming industry that looks like it will remain a central part of the economy for the forseeable future, be too broken up about a lot of people moving elsewhere for jobs? Should I want the metro area I live in to be seeing double-digit-percentages population growth over decades (I don't think that would make it any cheaper, or would make traffic any better)? And even then, the overall populations for the parts of California I'd want to live in are still rising, and jobs and new companies are still being created, and I'm meeting a ton of smart people who've moved here from all over the country. I certainly have no intention to move back east any time soon. I've found a lot more interesting stuff being done out here, and the weather is worlds better, and the high population density allows a ton of things I like. There's plenty of room for increased dynamic range, if not more colors, than what 8 bits per channel gives us. See raw files from digital cameras, HDR, etc. TV and other "old media" also commands big money because companies like Apple focus on it and still see massive successes. It works. Does Apple even do banner ads at all? I don't remember ever seeing one. Where do you go to learn not to write a rant insulting the "stooges" you presumably hope to one day be hiring yourself? I would like to add more than just a snarky comment like that, but the post is high on bitterness and low on content. It's a curious flip side to the "college doesn't teach people how to work on a team in a company, it just teaches a bunch of theory nonsense" cliche, though. And I think both of those views are way off the mark with the disregard for theory. I'd rather work with (or start a company with) the guy who knows what his code does, and why it does it, any day over the guy who is more proficient at a certain set of tools, or knows more about the details of starting a business. "So, if you quit college for the sake of being an entrepreneur when you are 19 and then you fail, you lost the chance of getting 'more' ready through college." I hear this a lot (frequently even about passing on college for lucrative, if short-term, opportunities), but I don't get it. This isn't amateur athletics where you have to worry about losing your eligibility and wouldn't be able to get in without an athletic scholarship. You could easily go back to college at age 21 after a year or two of trying to start a business. Huh. The ad-supported third-party gMaps app still works on my WP7.5 Lumia. Not sure what I'd gain by using it in the browser. It confuses me, too, but they also want me to have to find an alternative to their contacts, calendar, and push-email stuff when I get my next Windows Phone device, even though they're still going to be supporting Exchange syncing for paid Apps accounts. The sad thing is that the alternative I use might just end up being a Google Apps account... :| so they'll get some money out of that, at least (I'm assuming the free one I have right now will have to be upgraded to get the sync support added back in). If "impact of it disappearing" is your metric, I don't think it would take long for new Reddits to pop up if it disappeared tomorrow. I'm a part of other great non-Reddit communities, some pre-dating Reddit, some that came later. Some of them have moved across forum software changes, URL changes, and ownership changes. What is it that makes you think Reddit communities are a different animal? Were Reddit to disappear, I'm sure those communities would find new homes. From where I'm sitting, the problem with basing Reddit's valuation on those communities is that Reddit doesn't own those communities. You can't always tell a community what to do (like how one can't build an HN replacement and expect the community to simply follow you there). If the steps Reddit takes to try to make a big return on investment anger those communities, the communities are free to leave. My view is that the network effects of Reddit are not nearly as strong as those of a Facebook or Instagram, and even those appear to be having some difficulty getting as much value out of their communities as they want. I just want higher dynamic range screens. I think the phrase "Japan's ninjas" in the headline makes it sufficiently clear who the subject of the article is, and found it a pretty interesting historical look at a group. The clan and passed-down-knowledge stuff is rather different than most of the special ops stuff training I'm aware of. It is amusing that there's less friction to move to a new network than to clean up the old one. Unfriending (or hiding/muting/whatever while still actively using Facebook) is much more likely to be taken as an affront by your long-time Facebook friends than simply stopping using FB much. But eventually it seems like the same people will move to the new network of choice, and try to contact you there, and you've got the same problem all over again? Or you drift out of touch with that new network... I've debated that sort of thing several times with my dad. He argues that if everyone waited until the last possible point to merge, things would be better, because there'd only be one point of congestion. I.e., nobody could "cut" the line because everyone would be merging at the end, instead of the people in the slow lane being slowed down not just by people merging in ahead of time but also by people merging at the last possible second. I can sort of see his point, but the downside to me seems to be that if you wait until the very end, and don't get to merge in cleanly, you have to slam on the brakes, and nothing kills traffic like someone having to merge in from a complete stop. So my tentative position is that it would be best if everyone merged exactly as soon as they could do so without significantly slowing down (speeding up to merge seems like it would be a good thing, in comparison?). But good luck with that, heh. Yeah, it's always appeared to me that the main driver is geography. And housing regulation is pretty much the same thing—having more high-rise housing on Manhattan would keep prices down in the same way that being able to build further and further out does for DFW. I'm very interested to see what DFW looks like in a couple of decades if it keeps growing rapidly. Will it be a sort of sprawl of still-low-density suburbia for over a hundred miles E/W or N/S? Will a significant density increase in the core eventually come after hitting some kind of "maximum suburb distance" for most people? Currently it's at about half the number of people as the LA area in a similar footprint, but unlike LA it's not surrounded by mountains and ocean and could keep growing outward forever. Right, I overstated the equivalency, I should've said something like "plays a similar role." But, does it still cost less to build up than out, in a city with nearby land for the cheap, taking into account that you have to build your upward development in a way to be competitive with 2000+ square foot houses and yards? There's definitely some upwards building being done in the cores of the cities in Texas, but a whole lot more building out. Overcoming the lack of urban planning in the past is where it would get pricey, and need a lot of buy-in. Would you say the relative cheapness of housing in a lot of Chicago compared to more mountain- or water-locked cities has more to do with the planning/regulatory environment or with the open geography on the non-lake sides? Wells Fargo did their best (and eventually succeeded) to drive me away from having a checking account with them. I wanted to use it as a secondary checking account (my main one is with a local credit union) with a wider reach ATM/deposit-acceptance wise, and they wanted me to first jump through hoops to avoid a monthly fee if I wasn't receiving direct deposits on that account, and then eventually even those hoops weren't enough and they put a fee on it. Hm. I wonder if anyone has ever attempted to ban billboards under the guise of being worried about distracted driving. This is pretty awesome, but I can't help myself see it rather cynically in that I don't expect it to expand to books or movies any time soon. Especially not books. Ripping a CD is so trivial and such an old practice at this point, and so many MP3s can fit on a portable device, that buying a CD already de facto gave you the MP3s for free (except for the bit where you'd have to pay to get more Cloud Player storage if you want to use Amazon to host them in the cloud for you). So it's a cool freebie that isn't really costing much. But I can't rip my own books, and the Kindle cloud hosting and syncing to the last position read across devices and everything is so damn useful that there are a lot of books I own physical copies of that I probably will end up buying again digitally. So, for me at least, doing this for books actually would cost the publishers and Amazon lost revenue, unlike for MP3s. I just don't see them deciding that that revenue is less valuable than the customer goodwill it would create. Bundling a Kindle version and a hardcover version at a discounted price would be a nice halfway step, though personally, I'm increasingly moving towards a "buy on Kindle, find hardcover (sometimes used) if I really like it" strategy. Eh, overall I think tax-related stuff is the "least bad" way for the government to influence behavior, compared to criminalization and the use of force. (The assumption here being that a government with no way of exerting control over its populations behavior is impractical, though I know some disagree with that premise.) (Referring to the idea of using taxes to influence behavior in general rather than the specific; in this case, I'm having trouble coming up with any realistic (for the modern UN) way more heavy-handed approaches could be applied.) If there's no compulsion to speak, is there any compulsion to tell the truth? (I guess lying in that scenario would fall under "obstruction of justice"?) This sort of paranoid attitude can't be helping your prospects. You make this out to be way more adversarial than is healthy. Have you ever considered that sometimes the reason a girl passively rejects a guy is because she doesn't want to hurt his feelings but hopes he will take the hint without her having to be more direct? I.e., she doesn't want to make things more awkward herself, and doesn't have perfect social skills either (most people don't!). What makes that super awkward is when the guy won't take the hint, or has seen too many "a dude just won't give up and finally wins the girl over" movies. It's a low probability outcome, better to just move on. Be friends if you want to be, or don't if you don't. And neither men nor women are perfect at knowing when someone's interested, for that matter. Women are better at it, as far as I've seen, but it's not 100%, and then there are also creepy guys who hide that they're interested for weeks or longer, and then complain about "friendzoning" after springing it awkwardly out of nowhere. Don't be that guy! IIRC, when I closed my account in 2010 after meeting someone off-line, one of the options for "why are you leaving" was "in a relationship with someone I met on OKCupid" and I think it had an option for selecting who. So between that and knowing if you're still messaging new people after messaging someone else for a while, I think they pick up a lot of it. Heh, I had separately posted this up above, but I suppose I can go delete that one and just upvote this one instead. :) I love how much denser the suburban parts of LA are compared to other places (though I do wish it had more of a super-dense urban core), but it does take a toll infrastructure-wise. LA has a pretty extensive network of freeways, and they're still all packed. It's crazy. And impressive, in a way (I have a love-hate relationship with the 405 in particular). On the other hand, the city I'm from originally is finally getting to widening one of the core freeways in an area that's seen a ton of growth over the past twenty years, and it sounds like just as much a pain for the people living there as the 405 construction has been in LA. There's just a far lower total of affected people since the city is so much less populated. :) Seems like that was only true in the past. I've even had a Google interviewer tell me something along the lines of "I don't have a lot of questions picked out ahead of time cause they've told me I can't ask puzzles anymore" so hopefully that new state of things will trickle down in time. "Approaching 50%" sounds very misleading to me. The top percentage on that graphic is 30%, for 196.3/650. And before the increases, the top percentage was 27%, for 70.4/260. From that perspective, those changes look like much ado about nothing to me. 30% is a long, long way from 50%. Edit: it's also, other than for the retirees, not very graduated at all. 28% for the 230K earner, 30% for the 650K earners. Personally I would like to see a higher marginal rate bracket, as well as a raise on capital gains, which you mention in your edit, if we're trying to balance the budget. (Side question: are capital gains taxes done progressively at all? Would it make sense to have marginal rates and tax smaller capital gains much less than large ones? Why or why not?) (Further edit on that note: my personal crazy idea of the moment is to have dramatically higher rates on, say, 500K+ marginal income, but not matchingly high rates on capital gains of that same amount; my idea being to try to encourage higher levels of compensation to be given in forms like equity that would require long-term business success, not just short term profits, to pay off. But I'm not tax lawyer or accountant or whatever, so I'm sure there are problems with that idea...) Including state and local taxes opens up a huge additional can of worms since that varies so much; if you want to do it really thoroughly, you have to start looking into how common renting vs buying is and how property taxes vary. You could also throw sales taxes in. This would show how its impact is felt more at certain income levels. It wasn't a long term shutdown, it was a weekend shutdown to blow up a bridge: http://www.metro.net/projects/i-405/mulholland-dr-bridge-dem... I'll strongly disagree. Mob rule should not be encouraged. This is a huge part of it. There's a certain arrogance in this tired, oft-repeated claim. And more subtly, people can be great at different things. Tech stuff has always come quite easily to me. Chemistry, biology, or creating social change? Not so much. But my focusing on the stuff I'm good at hasn't stopped other people from doing (what my doctor friends decribe to me as) extremely interesting research in the health area. There are pretty good ways to make a good deal more money more predictably than working at Google or playing the startup lottery... I've been a developer with a private office and I've also been on a small ( are of interest to me that I'm able to either contribute to or learn something from. It's great for group troubleshooting of sudden issues, too. I would guess it has a lot to do with the team, especially the size but also the level of commitment to the work of the other devs. I've never been around a loud team or in a noisy environment (I'm not counting the sound of other people typing). Blocking out 50 conversations in a day, many of the much more inane or pointless, may be much harder for me than 5 business/tech-related ones. But I've never had to try to deal with that. Though I doubt that it would be much different for me, personally, because when I'm really in the middle of an interesting problem and cranking stuff out, I just don't notice background noise in the same way I don't notice that it's suddenly four hours later... I mean, maybe I'm just lucky in that, but my own coworkers have never expressed frustration with the environment either, so I don't know just how rare it is. (So I guess the key thing is that if the environment is getting to you, don't just keep it to yourself!) I also have a (maybe overly cynical?) hunch that in addition to the "ease of distraction by external noises" spectrum there's also a "desire to goof off more if nobody's going to notice" spectrum that comes into play. (He says, as he posts on HN in the middle of the day, heh...) I've never bothered to look into research on it, but I also don't see any trends of companies with private offices outcompeting ones without. I know the output of the team I was on at the company I worked at where I had a private office was not great, but there are other factors involved there too, of course. I also think the rotating "consulting developers" idea from grecy above sounds like a pretty good idea, regardless of office layout. I've had very good experiences with it as well, and while I thought the matches were pretty good, I'm very curious as to how much of its success is due to the matching algorithm and how much is the process it uses. The somewhat high price barrier helps ensure people are serious, and the metered-out matching process helps prevent people from sending or being overwhelmed by mass spam. It's a more "relaxing" experience to leisurely read through a few profiles a day and send some of the quick questions out to find out if there's mutual interest (though I often skipped past the second or third steps to get straight to direct messaging). My stats knowledge is fairly rusty, so I got a bit lost midway through, but here's a side question I've been wondering about, especially given that the linked Miller article talks about the null hypothesis being that the two are equal: how does that null hypothesis fit into these tests? I.e., you have to choose a button, so does it even make sense when the hypothetical employee in that example at the start of the article says "we didn't get an answer"? A .18 p-value isn't great, but I imagine he'd still recommend the green one -- there's much less reason to think the other button was better. Why not do a one-sided test where the null hypothesis is "A is at least as good as B" and the test hypothesis is "B is better than A"? It seems like you'd be gaining some more power to detect B being better, without losing much since A's safe to choose regardless of if they're about the same or if A's actually better? Wouldn't it just be a normal one-sided hypothesis test? The only thing that changes under H_0: A > B vs H_0: A = B is that you're only interested in the area under one side of the curve instead of both. The test statistic remains the same, you just get a different p value. It should let you get away with a lower sample size at the expense of possibly only being able to conclude "A's better" or "A's not better" instead of "A's better" or "A and B could be the same" or "B's better." (It's unclear to me what would be the problem with looking at the P values for both the > test and the != test, for a single test, and only "falling back" to the > test if you happen to be in a range where you can say "we can't say for sure that B's better, but we can be pretty sure that A isn't better," like how the different P values are presented here[1].) It still wouldn't be valid to do something like "oh the two-sided one was inconclusive but leaned in favor of A, so let's do a one-sided one to check if A's better after all," though. [1] http://www.ats.ucla.edu/stat/mult_pkg/faq/general/tail_tests... Gotcha, thanks. And one- vs two-sided alone would hardly be a huge win, I was just curious since I didn't remember seeing it brought up at all in any of the prior articles I'd read. The "people who download the most also purchase the most" stories that pop up every six months or so disagree. Even many of the people with the most awareness of the fact that they could get stuff for free are willing to pay the current market rates for a lot of it. It's been almost 14 years since Napster. A decade since suprnova and widespread availability of torrents for movies and TV shows. And yet the floor still hasn't fallen out of market prices. Things are changing in the creation and distribution world, but I see little indication that some substantial part of the population has decided that we're paying content creators too much, and that a song, show, movie, book, or game is only worth very little. “There’s a whole new audience out there, and it’s never been easier to sell [one’s art],” Banksy has maintained. “You don’t have to go to college, drag ’round a portfolio, mail off transparencies to snooty galleries or sleep with someone powerful, all you need now is a few ideas and a broadband connection. This is the first time the essentially bourgeois world of art has belonged to the people. We need to make it count.” I think this is the key takeaway—that it's easier than ever to get exposure, and that you can get acceptance and even commercial success without playing by the traditional rules. The irony, he added, that his anti-establishment art commands huge prices isn’t lost on him. “I love the way capitalism finds a place—even for its enemies. It’s definitely boom time in the discontent industry. I mean how many cakes does Michael Moore get through?” What didn't happen -- the editor-in-chief of a prominent tech news site getting special treatment -- is almost more interesting to me than what did. Maybe ArsTechnica just isn't known over across the Atlantic at eBay UK? But I'm surprised that nobody noticed and offered to straighten things out in the two weeks since his original article. Another possible interpretation of the jobs/population number is "which cities have lots of job openings despite not being dominated by the tech industry," if someone wanted to be somewhere more diverse. Though, unsurprisingly, the answer is basically "the big ones" so it's not all that interesting there. The Surface Pro looks a little before its time (heat and weight-wise), but I agree with almost all of this. Currently I've got a little Kindle Fire HD (better speakers than the Nexus) for watching videos on the go. I've got a MBP for doing "real work" on around the apartment. But when I travel, I'd love something that lets me do the work, using the tools I already know, while also being usable as a tablet for content consumption and note-taking (the active digitizer is a really nice bonus). iPads aren't cheap, and I can't imagine paying that much for something that can't do the duty of a laptop in a pinch. The ThinkPad Helix also looks very interesting. IMO this is an instance of Microsoft being the ones skating to where the puck is going to be. One of my favorite things about Mac laptops has long been the lower DPI (72 vs 96 for Windows, IIRC). Fonts rendered smaller, and I could fit more of it onto a small laptop screen. But I guess I'm in the minority on this, and MS had it right all along. Except now people are making more and more sites on Macs, with text that I find overly large whenever I'm on a PC. Sigh. Reminds me a bit of the good ol' pre-Vista days of "My Documents" et cetera in the Windows world. :) But hey, even MS took a decade between 95 and Vista to decide to drop the prefix! It's blown out of proportion for the normal use case, but I still think it was a very interesting review. I didn't expect them to be great road-tripping vehicles at this point, but was a bit disappointed by how the weather affected things. Even Musk's comments so far don't change my impression of that: so it's fine for a road trip if you make sure you don't get stuck in traffic, and make sure you never ever miss a chance to get it fully charged up, especially if the weather is cold? That's just not going to be competitive convenience-wise for long trips right now, no matter how much spin you want to put on it. The open question to me is just how fast the driver was going on the highway (90+ would make me raise an eyebrow or too), I'm not really sympathetic to the rest of Musk's claims at all. And unless he can provide some conclusive log evidence, collaborated by outside evidence, that's far more damning than what his comments so far describe, it reflects pretty poorly on the company to me. Much more poorly than the original review, since I expected that to be pretty much a worst-case scenario—and was very interested in just how well it would handle that kind of stress test. Edit: the thing that really bugs me about the response is that it's empty so far. If you've got conclusive evidence, show the evidence. Don't go all he-said-she-said in the meantime. The most important question, of course, is how the never-shipped Gizmo Mac OS theme should be classified. :D I rather liked the paper-like one, though. Drawing Board or something. Interesting, I don't go to many Mavs games, but was there about a month ago (the day before NYE) and didn't experience that at all. I haven't noticed a worsening trend at Stars games at AAC, either -- I remember about five years ago having an annoying security experience, complete with a line at some metal detectors, but in the past few years it's seemed to get quicker, if anything, for the Stars. It wasn't exactly "fun" anyway, though, cause they couldn't buy a basket and got blown out by the Spurs... but that's a different issue! There's a big difference between cities and MSAs, which the parent referred to. Using city populations like that is, IMO, almost always misleading. For the given example: hit the DFW metroplex, you're hitting Arlington. Another instance of the misleading aspect of looking just at city size: Atlanta has a city population of a bit over 400k. That makes it the biggest city in Georgia, and yet isn't even a tenth of the Atlanta metropolitan area, which has about 5.4 million people. Top 10 US cities by population ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_cities_by... ): NYC LA Chicago Houston Philadelphia Phoenix San Antonio San Diego Dallas San Jose Top ten MSAs by population ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metropolitan_statistical_area ): NYC LA Chicago Dallas Houston Philadelphia Washington, DC Miami Atlanta Boston The 10th-largest MSA is four and a half million people, the 10th-largest city is just under a million. The 10 largest MSAs contain over 80 million people. That's already over a quarter of the country -- more than the 50 largest cities put together. Taking it out to the top 20 MSAs brings that up to almost 117 million. The top 50 MSAs cover more than half the country's population. Edit: restricting it down to "urban areas" instead of MSAs brings the numbers down a bit, but the top 10 and 20 still make up a huge amount of it ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_urban_are... 2010 instead of 2011 numbers here ): Top 10: 73.4M Top 20: 101.8M Top 50: 143.1M (And as a resident of one of the largest urban areas, I would absolutely prefer more of a popular vote. But the country is much more urbanly clustered than the "top 50 cities" stat would suggest. But IMO that's a reason for a popular vote, not against one.) Looking up TV listings for Jasper, it appears that cable carriers there still carry the Atlanta affiliates, so I'd disagree on how much they'd notice a candidate making a stop in Atlanta. In a popular vote system, I wouldn't expect any presidential candidates to stop in, say, Canton instead of (or even in addition to) Atlanta, when local media is going to pick up on stuff going on in Atlanta, so Atlanta's the closest I think Jasper would see. "Mr. Straubel said Tesla did not store data on exact locations where their cars were driven because of privacy concerns, although Tesla seemed to know that I had driven six-tenths of a mile “in a tiny 100-space parking lot.” While Mr. Musk has accused me of doing this to drain the battery, I was in fact driving around the Milford service plaza on Interstate 95, in the dark, trying to find the unlighted and poorly marked Tesla Supercharger. He did not share that data, which Tesla has now posted online, with me at the time." That bit is particularly curious. Is being able to spring a "gotcha" on a reporter for publishing a "fake" review preferable to sharing the info with the reporter so that, if malicious intent is suspected, the reporter knows that Tesla knows exactly what the facts are? The problems for Tesla here seems to be that the batteries don't like the cold (unsurprising this may be) and that the Supercharger network is still sparse at this point in time. Regardless of whose spin you buy, those points remain, and are good to know. I meant from Tesla's point of view. They need to sell cars more than they need to expose liars. Assuming the reporter was told they didn't have exact data, and assuming the reporter did slant the story to paint as negative a picture as possible, does this back and forth gain Tesla back enough desirability/credibility to offset the additional loss of face from the extremely slanted initial report? If you just want to check your knowledge why not ask the professor if you can come by his office sometime during the vast amount of time he'll save from not having to grade a bunch of exams (presuming he wasn't going to have his TAs grade the finals -- I remember my professors grading finals themselves since TAs had their own finals to take, and because it was the final, after all), and go over stuff with him then? I'd much rather have a direct discussion with my professor than a paper exam. And considering the fittingness of exploiting this loophole for a CS course -- what a great illustration of an unanticipated consequence of a system's rules being followed exactly! -- you'd have to be a huge jerk to want to screw over everyone else in the class just to check your knowledge. Edit: I don't think it would work like you envision it anyway. The professor would have to in on it, and good luck getting him to help screw over everyone else. I can't see a professor who was a good enough sport to honor this policy despite the unexpected way it was used letting you take it in a way that left everyone else with 0s, and only you with a 100. For instance, if he shows up the day of the exam and says "unfortunately, someone already took it anonymously" then everyone else just gets to play a game of spot-the-missing-student while taking the exam. (I suppose you could show up and pretend to take it a second time...) And how does not having to take the final hurt his education? He can still study just as much as he would've before. He still has access to resources to check the results of that studying. I'm extremely skeptical of concerns that it would have a significant negative impact on future classes that this exam could've potentially weeded people out before. It could happen, though when I was TA'ing most weeding-out usually happened before the final... I guess the anonymously-screw-everyone-else solution would also give him the opportunity to have a spectacularly sociopathic answer to that YC application "hacked a non-software system" question... Frankly, if you're going to screw things up for everyone else like this, given that it doesn't actually let you learn anything more than you could've anyway, the least you can do is to do it face to face. Heck, I'd be secretly hoping that one of the "guards" did try to start something physical. Then he'd both bomb the final and be in trouble for assault or whatever. What I'm trying to get at is that I see no moral "they were mean bullies!" high ground here, since a final is not required for one to be educated by a class. Anyone wanting the screw the rest of the class over was "mean" first. Anyone who intimidated anyone else into going along looks bad; so does anyone who didn't want to go along so that their fellow students would do worse. It's absurd to look at is as "I paid for that test." Education as paying for tests is a bug , not a feature. Elsewhere in the thread you call it "clowning." I call it "hacking." The educational value of learning that sometimes you can get things done in non-traditional ways, and everyone ends up well off as a result, is far higher than the educational value of taking yet another exam. There are a few reasons I prefer my T430s to my MBP, and would probably also prefer an X1 Carbon to a MBA: * Trackpoint! * Keyboard feel. Even the chiclet ThinkPad keypads still have "IT" for me. * No more fn-key chording needed for Home, End, Delete, Page Up, Page Down. Plus a non-technical, possibly silly, reason of "it's not what everyone else and their mum has." I also like the looks more (black is the new black!), though on that I realize I'm in a minority (I did love the rounded original MBAs, however). On the other hand, my MBP's screen has much better colors than the T430s's. :( DVR usage isn't actually that prevalent, even after a decade. Generally the preference is to watch stuff live, and live with the ads. Which is a big part of why the ground hasn't fallen out from under broadcasters like it did with newspapers, and TV ads are still the priciest (and arguably most effective, commanding your attention in a way that banner ads cannot) form of ads. One big creepy part is that people share computers. Used to be that someone could try to dig through your history if they wanted to (but most people didn't), but now some of your history gets pushed right to them. I'm looking at you, Amazon banner ads that feature products I browsed recently. (This is lots of fun because I often use Amazon solely to get info on a product that I may have no intention at all of purchasing.) Reading in portrait on the iPad feels like US Letter sized paper; reading in portrait on my Kindle Fire HD feels like a paperback. Meh. You get used to either one extremely quickly. "DO NOT TAUNT THOSE WHO CAN DAMAGE YOU" Wouldn't that also apply to revenge-seeking hackers who might end up finding themselves in jail or being chased down? I.e., "might makes right" doesn't last very long as a basis for a good society. Ever since it was first announced I thought it would be an ideal on-the-go photo management/editing program (I could easily get by in Lightroom without a keyboard, and the pen would be tons of fun) so it's cool to see that they hit that mark for that. I'm going to hold off until a cooler/longer battery life revision 2, though. Or possibly a ThinkPad Helix or something, but that's still not really a loss for MS. MS's schizophrenia (or whatever) strikes again on that second one, though: the cheap model comes with Office, the full-featured one doesn't. I guess they're trying to push everyone to subscriptions, but it's one of those cases where having an out-of-box just-works Office doc editing solution would be a great marketing bullet point. The Surface Pro isn't going to replace a laptop for me, but it comes much closer to being something I'd consider taking as my sole device on a trip than an iPad or Android tablet. (Somewhat amusing in that the laptop it would be replacing on that hypothetical trip is a MBP.) Seconded Is there any other industry where people in high demand like to talk and read so much about how they're actually overpaid? A manipulation that I don't see the point of, at that. Tell a people who can only afford a $600/mo payment that the TCO is under that, and it might get them to come into the dealership, but the real monthly cost will come out before the car could be sold. If they pitched the calculator on the "true cost of ownership" page as a "here's a way to estimate the hidden costs of a gasoline car that make the Tesla more competitive than you'd think" they could make the same pitch but without the smell of a bait and switch. But even at that, it's not apples to apples (if you buy an S Class, nobody has to guarantee that there will be a market for reselling it in three years). After making $39,492 in payments, you still owe $22,908 on the car (well, not exactly, because I'm not accounting for the down payment or for interest on the loan, here—but you don't own the car free and clear). So that $26,832 doesn't all go straight into your pocket if you sell the car back. That's why, in order to get to the $346 figure I'm seeing on loading up the page with the default options for the 60kWh model, most of the "savings" comes from stuff other than the buyback (primarily the business tax benefit and fuel costs). The guaranteed resale value portion is only credited a $40/month benefit. It was three-to-four years ago when I tried running a ThinkPad X61 with Linux (Ubuntu and Fedora) as my primary machine. The sleep/hibernate and wifi issues never stopped, and I gave up and bought a MacBook. I might go back for another whirl with an X1 Carbon soon, though. But honestly, I'll probably run Windows as the primary OS and just have Linux VMs. SBNation is pretty good about that with their separate blogs you can individually "subscribe" too and see notifications of new content for, and their commenting platform that keeps track of which comments you've already read. The latter feature would be spectacular to have on HN. Not having the site tell me which comments are new, and letting me navigate just to them, feels so archaic to me now. FWIW (though not particularly relevant to the case), the Chick-Fil-A slogan is from a (very successful) advertising campaign that goes back to the mid-90s. It's definitely not trying to imitate internet memes. But I'm very surprised that, given the integral nature of the misspellings (the cows did not get a great education) in the Chick-Fil-A version, this could be seen as infringing. The article says that they re-contacted him directly to try to get him to stop using it after he filed for protection: "In October 2011 Chick-fil-A sent a letter to Muller-Moore stating that he had to stop using the phrase because it may be confused with the company’s. They also told him to stop using his website, eatmorekale.com." Which, given that they'd stopped after 2006, does make it look rather like a don't-poke-the-bear thing regarding his own filing for trademark protection after Chick-Fil-A had initially dropped it. You do have Home/End/PageUp/PageDown/Delete on a Mac. Apple just hides the labels these days on their laptop keyboards. The full-size ones have them. And they don't always do the same thing they do on Windows/Linux (I'm looking at you, Home/End!). And they're overloaded to hell and back on the laptops: delete as backspace/fn-delete as delete, Cmd-up/down arrow + Fn-up/down arrow... Pretty sure there isn't an Insert, though. I've had almost the opposite experience: reading ERB (or JSP or whatever) is a giant pain in my ass since it frequently isn't maintained with consistent indenting and formatting. I like that HAML forces that on you. It's been ages since I played Caesar 3, and I don't remember ever discovering abusing the walker mechanic, but on the Github page for the project it notes that one major change is "new AI for walkers. They just go where they are needed." I can't play my SNES. My N64 only turns on about 1 time out of 10, too. Thank goodness for emulators. Yeah, for a new watcher, I'd really only recommend a handful of episodes from season 1 (And the Sky Full of Stars, Signs and Portents, A Voice in the Wilderness, Babylon Squared, Chrysalis). Then maybe about half of season 2, then all of seasons 3 and 4. I swear there used to be a page on the Lurker's Guide[1] that had arc-plot-heavy episodes in bold or something, but I can't find it at the moment. [1] http://www.midwinter.com/lurk/countries/us/eplist.html The document was very aware of that, and continually said that this was a short-term strategy of last resort (with the exception being Apple). Here's a fun alternate-alternate universe: you do the digging, hit a wall, and then still have a coworker in the same building who can dig further with you more quickly, once it's convenient for them. Coworkers who bug you without looking stuff up themselves may be enabled by open-plan layouts, but they're really a different issue. Chrome 27 on Snow Leopard: clicking the link from HN takes me to the page, but hitting the back button doesn't bring me back to HN, it looks like it tries to takes me back to countryaday.org which then redirects to countryaday.org/#/welcome Most of the people most likely to want to opt out are, I imagine, already effectively doing by not going to the Oregon state schools and going to, say, a highly ranked private university. Or they might be getting substantial scholarship assistance as it is (it's unclear to me how this would work under the new system, the article could use more details there). There are a lot of students out there who don't go into college with the sort of super-high self-confidence that would cause them to turn down a free education because they think they'd be better off with a traditional loan. So the question is: will enough of them make enough money to make it a workable solution? My guess is yes. Without turning this into a debate about particular bits of magic, my general conclusion from using Rails (especially when projects are in maintenance mode) is that it frequently makes it overly complicated to do things differently than how the framework wants you to, making you resort to monkey patching and other magical strategies of your own. It's wonderful for prototyping but I'm becoming increasingly wary of it for production systems that are going to have a long life (at which point the whole perf/scaling thing comes into play too). Which is all a very roundabout way of saying "use the right tool for the right job," I suppose. That comment, while accurate, was almost literally just rephrasing something already in the comment it replied to[1], yet presented it as some kind of rebuttal. It doesn't look like the poster had really read what they were replying to. Personally, I think the "weird factor" around AirBNB will probably be harder to erode than the one around online dating. I think the existing hotel industry comes a lot closer to meeting a wide range of people's needs for accommodations than the standard informal "go out to a bar or meet people through mutual friends" thing does, and for someone like me, who travels fairly infrequently, I don't mind spending more once or twice a year to have that extra identity/trust from the known quantity of an actual hotel. [1]"A lot of people were initially hesitant (and still are)" Did texting ever had a "look like a geek" stigma? As far as I remember, cell phones have always been "cool" even back when they were super clunky like in Saved by the Bell. Pagers, too. And texting took off pretty damn fast after it was introduced, even before stuff like the Sidekick, let alone the iPhone. Delete it and refer to your version control system's history if you need to bring it back? Edited addition to reduce the snarkiness a bit: if I see a block of dead code like that left in a file, regardless of which way it's been killed, I'm going to consider that bad unless there's a very clear comment explaining why this isn't needed anymore but was worth leaving in the code instead of fully deleting it. But if that comment's there, and the reason makes sense, it's still breaking the "rule" but becomes an example of knowing when to break the rule. That's a pretty ridiculous list of US places to try to argue against SF being dense for the US. Not all of them are as absurd as the 362 people near Louisville, KY, bit, but basically that list says "NYC is denser than SF, as are a few relatively small parts of LA, but SF is easily the second densest large city in the US." That story is in Stories of Your Life and Others; I'd recommend the whole collection: http://www.amazon.com/Stories-Your-Life-Others-Chiang/dp/193... 10M is the county population. Choose LA from the city dropdown on that census link and you get 3,857,799, and 1,413,995 housing units. That's still a pretty significant jump over the 1M household estimate the OP had made, though. Nice to see an example of a title ending in a question where the answer is a non-cynical "absolutely." :) And my answer is exactly the same. It actually quite surprised me how much I've more I've appreciated and used the Paperwhite after upgrading recently from a Kindle Keyboard. You simply never have to worry about the lighting, whether too bright or too dim. You agreed to it when you paid in order to watch it. So yes, you didn't. But if you don't agree, you shouldn't watch it. It's a simple deal, regardless of whether or not technology means you could . Otherwise you can turn it around and ask "when did the artist agree to you watching it without paying" which is pretty similar to the case described here, just replace watching with using. I have a hard time seeing the argument that it should be unilateral. An agreement should be between multiple parties, so if you don't agree to what they're offering, you shouldn't take it. Otherwise it devolves into "I will take it because I can ." Why does that make any more sense for instantly-reproducible, yet still not instantly-creatable, goods than for physical ones? If you want to take it, you probably see some value in its creation. > Private property is a mechanism to prevent/reduce conflicts. I don't know that I agree. I'm more inclined to view private property as a mechanism to encourage productive use of land and other scarce resources. And I see creativity/time/inspiration as a scarce resource. Yeah, there are countless things that used to be hot among teens that have gone by the wayside, so I think the rumors of Facebook's demise are greatly exaggerated. AOL Instant Messenger, LiveJournal, Xanga... These were all great ways to communicate as a teen that were adult-free, yet there was very little staying power and/or a lack of massive general-population growth for any of them. And many of these services aren't exactly "competing" with FB any more than SMS is, or AIM was in 2004 when Facebook started (a lot of the discussion about group chat services sounds remarkably like teens (re)discovering a mobile form of AIM circa 2000). Acquisition attempts still make sense if FB sees them as complimentary products with their own potential for massive growth instead of purely defensive moves. Maybe one of the newcomers will have more luck in that space than AOL did. On the other hand, it's hard to elucidate what exactly will give Facebook more staying power than past attempts. Possibly simply being the first to have such a large, cross-demographic user base? I know adults of all ages who use it to keep in touch with other adults, and I also know teens who use it to keep in touch with other teens. And of course there's also some cross talk between those bases. There aren't a lot of other products attempting to do exactly the same thing, and of those that have, even Google hasn't been able to unseat FB. The core use of FB seems to be a little different for everyone, but it also seems to be comparatively competitor-free. Reminds me a bit of this from just a couple of months ago, about a guy who quit pro baseball because he didn't enjoy doing it as a business. Just because other people think you have to use a talent in a certain way doesn't mean that's what's best for you. "I quit because baseball was sacred to me until I started getting paid for it. The more that “baseball” became synonymous with “business,” the less it meant to me, and I saw less of myself in the game every time I got a check from the Philadelphia Phillies Organization, the Oakland Athletic Company, or the Chicago Cubs, L.L.C. To put it simply, other players were much better than I was at separating the game of baseball from the job of baseball." http://www.newyorker.com/online/blogs/sportingscene/2013/10/... Displaying 24fps content on a 60fps screen repeats frames. If you repeat half the frames of the 25fps stream twice, and alternating half of the frames three times, then you get 60 frames per second, with a stream looking like: AABBBCCDDDEEFFF... This isn't perfect, since really each frame should be on the screen for exactly the same amount of time, which is why 120hz TVs came about -- 120 is evenly divisible by each of 60, 30, and 24. But it's also pretty much good enough, or else there'd be a lot more complaining about watching movies on computers or other 60hz devices. A 30hz screen makes that harder, since you're going to have to repeat every fourth frame once, so the unevenness could be more noticeable since those frames are now twice as long instead of 50% longer. But I haven't tried one to tell you just how noticeable it would be. Native 60fps content (sports is the most common one I know of) would require throwing away half the frames, but at least the remaining frames would all be shown for the same amount of time. NTSC "video" content (stuff shot at 30 interlaced frames per second, so 60 fields per second, stuff like old TV shows) would work alright. You wouldn't be able to take advantage of deinterlacing methods that try to reconstruct 60 full frames, but it wouldn't be a huge loss. That was an option on CRTs since you could control the speed of the beam, but I'm not aware of any LCDs that have an adjustable native refresh rate. Ah, the good ol' days, when blacks were black and "non-native resolutions" weren't a thing. :) The hardware side is where things start getting out of my area of knowledge, but my understanding is that yes, CRTs had a native upper bound on their resolution which had to do with the dot pitch of the display. I would guess that the way this worked in practice is that for lower resolutions they were effectively partially lighting up multiple phosphors per pixel on each pass? I imagine the difference between this an an LCD is that the amount of time a single pixel was lit by the beam on a CRT is far, far lower than the refresh rate of an LCD. I believe there were monitors that went both ways with this, not just letting you run lower than native but also higher than native (I had a 17" CRT that claimed to support 1600x1200, but not without a lot of blurriness, for instance). edit: man, it's really hard to find specific info about how exactly that worked online these days Ally's another nice one. Not the prettiest website, and I haven't used the app, but they'll refund me ATM fees charged by the ATM owner as well as not charging any of their own. "It seemed like they interview people all the time." I bet you hit the nail on the head. At my current job, I've had weeks where I've been on an interview loop every day. At that point, I'm not going to spend much time looking at your github code in depth beforehand each day. Especially when it's a candidate whose area of expertise isn't the same as mine, so I wouldn't know what to look for. Ideally we'd be better able to match interviewers with interviewees, but if we had enough people to be doing that, we wouldn't be in the mad hiring rush that ends up with a developer doing five interviews in a single week around career-fair season. ;) (My last job was a much smaller company where each hire was weighed a lot more, and we absolutely would've looked at all that stuff there.) However, I always start off asking about a specific project from the candidate's resume, usually the one that I think sounds most interesting to me. Depending on how long they take to explain it, or how interested they seem to be in explaining it, I'll follow up with a more open-ended question of what their most interesting or challenging project was -- if you can sell me on that project, it's just as big an influence on me me as the coding or design question that I'd also ask. But I have coworkers who don't ask about other projects like that, which I think kinda sucks. Sometimes I wonder if they moved the power key there just because they couldn't figure out anything else to do with the now-defunct eject button on optical-drive-less machines, as opposed to there being any problem with the old location just above and to the right of the keyboard. I don't really like it either. It can be good. I've had it a couple of places, and never had to do any more "negotiating" than at my job before that had regular metered vacation. Now that I'm somewhere that's not in the really early stages, where I'm not solely responsible for as much stuff, it's pretty easy to just say "hey, I'm going to be out a few days next week" or "hey, this is the time I'm taking off over the holidays." What's rare, but an extremely nice bonus on top, is when you get to "accrue" a small amount (maybe a week a year) as well that you never dip into but's there to be paid out to you when you leave. But that's not something I'd expect to be able to negotiate for at my next job, so if they didn't have it I'd try to just get a bit more salary to compensate... I search for "[song name] lyrics" and I get a site that has the lyrics. I've never thought it sucked. I don't care how many banners on the side, just that the words are there. And I prefer an "expanded" view with all the [Hook] type stuff replaced with the actual words, rather than the "more correct" RG presentation. Heck, sometimes I have to click more to get what I'm looking for with RG. After trying a few things, I was able to reproduce this just now with a search for "forgot about dre lyrics" (no quotes). This is the second result I got: something google shows as "rapgenius.com/...dre-forgot-about-dre/Eazy-es-ice-cubes-and-docs-the-s..." that does a redirect to http://rapgenius.com/Dr-dre-forgot-about-dre-lyrics#note-252... which pops up an annotation over the lyrics. That's not what I was looking for. All that to say: it's not clear to me that RG really sucks less for "[song name] lyrics" queries. I had a private office with a door before I ever worked in an open office layout. I currently do not want to go back to having an office at all, but there's an enormous caveat there: I don't want to go back as long as the team is good . I've seen other teams where it quickly turned into a really bad situation, and can see how easily it could be a nightmare compared to a private office situation. More important than the office layout is having a good IM setup that everyone uses, IMO. Even when you have your own office there are people who'll knock on your door which is more of a pain to deal with then just wave them away with a "not right now," IMO, if you don't have some other way of communication for trivial questions or indicating status. The other thing an open plan has to have is lots of small conference rooms you can jump into at any time either for a discussion with other people or just to take advantage of silence for a while. The contacts app on the iPhone does something like that last jump, where having a phone number + first name is enough for it to sometimes find the full FB profile and update the pic associated with the contact on the phone. I assume/hope it only works when they have their phone number public on their profile, though. Yeah, I think you could make a convincing argument that the difference between (parts of) LA and SF is that the non-tech creative people in LA are more likely to be doing it because they love it because the big money boom has peaked. There's still a dream of making it big, and there's still a lot of very visible success, but you're not going to raise nearly as much money for your indie film project as you would if you were pitching a new app in the Bay Area. (That's a rather cynical view of the Bay Area, but hey, it balances out the rather common cynical view of LA that was expressed above. :) ) Disagree on the weather, though. I'd appreciate a bit less fog (not that it's anywhere near as bad as SF) and like my constant highs between 60 and 80 just fine. Maybe some better close skiing would be nice, but I've found lots to keep me busy between the Malibu Mountains and then further up the coast like Santa Barbara, Ojai, etc, outdoors-wise. Comcast agreed to not throttle competing video services, at least until 2018, back when it acquired NBC (and so part of Hulu, which it had to step back from management from) a couple of years back. So if you can make a case that they're "almost unquestionably" throttling Netflix, you could probably find some people very interested in that... but it sounds more like they were just saturated and are now taking steps to alleviate it. Well, 300M for 12M users, which is a lot fewer than the services that get bought for big numbers today. But magnitude of the money aside, has an online messaging service ever been able to really turn a huge profit? chongli points out that AOL eventually sold ICQ for less than they paid, and I can't think of any others off the top of my head (AIM didn't prevent AOL from being overtaken by Facebook, say). They seem to be very un-sticky in terms of user retention by their nature. Amtrak from San Diego to LA is quite pleasant, though I can't speak for other west coast routes. The car's interface is far more complicated than most of the others on that list, and I'd say is a perfect example of a bad one: look at how hard it is to learn, how much worse new drivers are at it, and how many deaths are caused by it every year. The ideal car user interface (for car-as-a-tool, not car-as-a-toy) is "set destination, go." Or some sort of browse mode where you just tell it when you want to make a turn. There are similar advances available for some of those other tools: consider the table saw/router/jigsaw/etc. If you just want to get something built, do you want to learn the finer points of using and controlling all those separate tools, or would you rather just be able to say "cut it to look like this" and let a computer do the driving? (I'd love to have a nice CNC setup in a workshop someday...) Prime is better than ever for me too. I almost always get things the next day nowdays, even frequently for weekend orders (Saturday orders arriving Monday). The one hiccup was that the first thing they tried to send me on a Sunday got lost, but they handled it with great customer service and next-day shipped me a replacement during the week. And since then the few things I've had scheduled for Sunday have been fine, too. I'm in a big city, though. Maybe it's gotten worse for people in less densely populated areas that aren't so near their warehouses? --- The videos service is a mess UI-wise compared to its competitors, but considering how much free shipping I take advantage of I can't complain. But Marco certainly a point that the bundling (and branding, and messaging, and discoverability) is pretty bad. It works serviceably on my Kindle Fire and Samsung TV, but is a clear step down from the competitors in terms of interface, app availability, polish, etc. Unlimited vacation is a somewhat-mislabeled thing because the benefit obviously is not that you could take unlimited time off. Instead, the benefit is that you don't have to think about it. That day you take off somewhat spontaneously because some friends or family members came into town? You don't have to think about if it'll affect your banked vacation hours w.r.t. that big trip you were planning on taking. That week you were home sick because of a nasty flu? Again, not taking anything away from anything else (I think shared vacation+sick PTO pools are just about the worst policy I could imagine). It requires you to be a mature adult about it, and not take off huge amounts of time that put the rest of your team into bad situations, or disappear for long trips on short notice, or such, or the company will have to address that. And the company has to have management willing to address edge cases or abuses rationally. But it's pretty awesome if you're working with mature adults who don't take advantage of the system on either end (to take excessive time off OR to try to keep employees from taking adequate time off). And at my current employer I do accrue some regular, paid-out-on-leaving-but-never-deducted-from "vacation" hours too. So that's extra nice. I didn't have this part of it at the company where I was previously, but frankly I wouldn't want to go back to tracked vacation even in exchange for that accrual (maybe with the exception if I expected to stay somewhere for decades and they had unlimited accrual...). For me this comparison falls apart because I've seen very few companies as generous with vacation days as with salary, compared with the two companies in a row I've now been at with unlimited policies. I rarely see more than 3 weeks offered for new employees, and many feel that that's generous ("it's more than two"). So I'm not comparing it to a generous metered vacation policy, I'm comparing it to what I usually see for "peer"-type roles. And I haven't had any trouble whatsoever taking more than 3 weeks, or seen other people get into hot water over it. :) So the benefit is definitely realized for me. I don't think about it. I couldn't tell you exactly how many days I took off with all the incidental ones here and there, but I can tell you it's more than I was allowed to at my first job because there were enough larger, multi-day trips in there. I would have no problem if they instead switched it to, say, five weeks + a separate generous sick time pool, but at that point the math also gets more messy with accrual and all since that money would be coming from somewhere... and frankly, I like that I don't make relatively less money because someone else was a workaholic and accrued a bunch of vacation they never take but will eventually get paid for, if I can be at my most productive with a healthy amount of time off. It is a downside, though, in that it may require some more negotiation skills to make sure you get a fair amount of time off. However, I've also seen people get denied time off at certain times under metered plans—they're no panacea for "but it's crunch time for the project, you can't take off now!" tactics. Does net neutrality fix this issue? If Comcast wants the extra money they're trying to get from Netflix/Level 3/etc, but is politically prohibited from doing so, then can't they still just raise end-user's prices? That would look worse from a Comcast PR perspective, but with no competition—which lets them get away with letting the quality of service degrade—does that really matter? This (especially in terms of Netflix vs Comcast) seems like a massive distraction from the underlying competition issue. A distraction Comcast is probably happy to have. The follow-up becomes: is it better if more of the cost for bandwidth-intensive services is passed on to every consumer, or just to consumers of those services? I don't know where I fall on that one. Presumably someone had to pay something to set up a direct interconnect between Netflix and Comcast to bypass the delivery networks that were used before. But more generally, I'd refer you back to my original post in this thread, about the costs coming from Comcast's lack of viable competition in most markets. Without fixing that issue, the cost is going to be what the consumer will bear instead of what the market will bear, net neutrality regulations or not. If you look at the link syncerr posted elsewhere in the thread* it's still pretty much just as mindboggling, because for 2011, 2012, and the 2013 estimated value, China used 29.6 times as much cement as the US did in those three years. That's about 90 years of US worth even using current consumption, so the wow factor isn't ruined for me. As an unrelated point, considering what things were like in most of the US in 1900, it's rather startling that the overall usage in that century in the US still seems to line up pretty closely with the current US's pace. There must've been several years of much-higher-than-current consumption (probably even than the peak in 2005, I'd guess). Would be very interesting to see a 100-year breakdown for the US. * http://www.ficem.org/boletines/ct-2013/presentaciones2013/1-... I don't think that's misleading, because I don't know many people who instinctively , as you say, have any idea what the true total weight of 3400 jets is, or of anything else that uses massive amounts of aluminum. I think the illustration is used precisely because we have so little experience with such large values. The bigger ethical question seems to me to be that you're taking something the restaurant chooses to offer as a free convenience, without price-discrimination, and turning it into a game of "who will pay the most to go to this restaurant." Yes, you say you've started out small, with manual phone usage, etc. But then you go on to say: "So in the interest of ethics and fairness, I want to talk to restaurants about working with them directly on a better reservation system." Sounds like you want to scale it, and make money off of it yourself, after all. Whereas it seems to me that for high-demand restaurants the manual approach, exists that way because it won't scale. Anyone can get a reservation, if they're willing to wait a few weeks, it doesn't matter what they're willing/able to pay. And once you automate that, how do you keep it from being abused and effectively turning into a sort of demand tax? In which case the restaurant could be pocketing that money themselves by simply making the cost of dining there that high in the first place, but if they didn't, it's probably because they didn't want to restrict so heavily based on spending ability. (Well, and because pricing/markets is tricky, and who knows if it would've been successful initially at a higher price... this part is just speculation on my end.) Yes. This has been my experience at all whenever my younger relatives (ages 10-20) see a nice (to them defined as Tesla or European and fast, it seems) car. Kids still like toys, even with smartphones and the internet. And they'll most likely grow into adults who still like toys. Car ownership patterns will probably change (students living on campuses and young professionals will probably have much less need for a personally owned car in the next decade or so), but there's two pretty big car markets that won't be threatened by that: luxury status symbol cars, and utilitarian people/stuff-movers. Uber and all the "fleet of centrally owned self-driving cars" talk is useless to someone who needs to keep a stash of items for their kids in their car, and needs space for their kids' friends, and needs that vehicle several times a day for family/commuting purposes (I don't think UberMinivan would really take off...). Owning won't be practically replaced by renting for every use case, and there's a lot of use cases for personal vehicles out there that fall outside of the typical HN perspective. Interesting to see that article from in the middle of it, which seems to be before it completely blew up in Porsche's face: http://www.drive.com.au/motor-news/milestones-porsche-tries-... Huh, ever since moving away, I've greatly enjoyed not having access roads. I feel like they greatly encourage a particularly walking-unfriendly sort of suburban sprawl in which there are long rows of large chain stores and restaurants directly facing highways and no opportunity for any sort of neighborhood to exist around them. The Kindle had one. One of the things I miss from upgrading from a Kindle Keyboard to a 2013 Paperwhite, where I can't figure out any way to get the bottom progressbar back. > If taxes were a good idea, you wouldn't need IRS. This is less logic than a catchphrase without real meaning. Turn it around: "if property rights were a good idea, you wouldn't need fences, locks, laws, police..." Taxes, in many places today, are not created by force and threats. They're created through legal process with the consent of the population. One could argue that the need for a threat of force to make sure the entire population complies reflects a fundamental flaw in the chosen fundraising method... however, requiring unanimity will get you nowhere in terms of having a functioning society. Some decisions are hard but necessary. I don't follow your first or third paragraphs, but I feel like the second is most germane to the question of "is taxation moral," so I'll focus on that. Here's my question to propose, instead of following the reduction to absurdity of voting to shoot people, but sticking with the majority/minority question you raise. If the majority of people in any unit of democratic government (city, state, province, whatever) truly believes that that said government should not collect* taxes, how do those taxes exist? One of the more recent examples I can think of is in Arlington, TX, where taxes were raised to contribute towards a new football stadium[0]. There's research on the books suggesting that such moves don't pay off financially for cities in the long run, as well as disputes about campaign funding[1], but somehow I imagine a truly moral issue like shooting people in the head would be a harder election to swing than one about a question of utility—pay some money, get a stadium, and all the non-financial benefits many people get from that. *which I will also note is a quite different stance from 'will jump to pay them without any grumbling, reminders, or future coercion' [0] http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/news/story?id=1914997 [1] http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-09-05/in-stadium-building... > California's attempts to "crack down" on the ALS challenge and such I don't think this has actually happened. The only source I've seen for that is a satire site. LA is also a very bipolar town, car-wise. If you have a 5+ mile commute, it's going to be way worse than the same distance in most US cities, because of the traffic. But the flip side is that there is far more density to the LA suburbs than most anywhere else in the country—it's hard to even use the same word to describe suburban LA (7K/sqmile average for the whole urbanized area per Wikipedia, with parts significantly higher) as, say, suburban DFW, where the population density is half that for Dallas proper alone, let alone all the suburbs. So if you live near where you work, you can bike or walk or bus and there's a decent chance you'll be in walking or biking distance of some shops and restaurants as well. And then the occasional Uber or cab for longer trips (or just bumming off of friends who have cars) is extremely practical. But if you don't telecommute, being able to live near where you work is something that's a lot easier for those without a family. And then those Ubers would add up fast! (The other thing I've anecdotally noticed since moving to LA, is that the willingness to sit in traffic for an hour each way to commute seems way higher in LA natives than in transplants—and the reverse is true of the willingness to pay the premium to live close to work and avoid that.) There's some mixing in this thread of "watching via cable programming" and "watching TV/movie content on a TV versus a computer or mobile device." For the former, even among people not paying at all, or not paying for it through the traditional cable company means, big-studio TV content seems more popular than ever (unsurprising since it's higher quality than ever, with still-increasing amounts of money pouring into it). This shift ultimately seems like one that will only hurt the traditional broadcast networks, as well as the cable networks that fill themselves with "passive watching" content versus the stuff that (currently, at least) plays much better in the newer distribution channels. Or maybe stuff like reality will just move online later when that demographic moves online if cable starts to fail. That's probably an area where the "it just works, and it's on, set it and forget" aspect of cable is actually a very large advantage, though. Otherwise, about the only non-large-content-library advantage of cable is that fast forward/rewind on my DVR work way better than on online streaming. Extreme space and budget restrictions seem to be the only reason to give up the latter. The couch or recliner + TV viewing experience is hard to do without (I did it for a couple of years after moving and being short on space, and then couldn't believe I'd done it for so long after getting a TV again). Where does the DRM part come into play? The description sounds like it could be applied to just about any automatic sync-your-progress-across-devices feature, which is a hugely desirable feature IMO (my Kindle would be worth a huge amount less without it, since books almost always take multiple reading sessions to finish), and it's also very useful for movies/TV... A straightforward laptop line that had more size options than are available for either iPhones or iPads. I think they had six sizes at once going for a while? Two airs, three MBPs, one MB? The algorithm shows me more stuff I've already seen, and less new stuff from my less-frequently-contacted friends. Engagement doesn't work the same way for everyone. If I can't get away from seeing stuff I've already seen, I'm less likely to open the app as much... Annoyingly, if I opened the app less, I'd be more likely to appreciate the algorithm... It's not just you, I might also be crazy. I find "if it's not something you're willing to write me an email about, it's probably not something worth bugging me about" a useful filter. The difference in the requests I get over IM-type platforms vs emails (or even ticket trackers and the like) is pretty big. For whatever reason, most people don't want to bother writing an email, so they'll actually do more investigation on their own before sending one... What are the pros/cons of the various Vanguard options? I'm in VTI (TOTAL STOCK MARKET ETF) and VXUS (TOTAL INTL STOCK INDEX FUND ETF) because I believe that's what it's suggestion thing said to me, what's the comparison to VTSMX? And what's the difference for VTSAX at 50K? They call it a "virtual battery" but that seems misleading to me - I don't see any way to get electricity back out, it sounds more like it just saves electricity consumed at peak periods by using, but they couldn't store more than they could use in the first place? Can't speak for Cal Poly, but there's a lot of binge drinking at the other two on the list for sure. The parties might just be a little less fun , but just as drunk... The bit where you don't know for sure what's in Ruby and what's Rails-specific, argues against your own point for me. I can't help but feel that that sort of attitude is why the more work I take that involves maintaining Rails applications, the less I want to write a new application in Rails... I'd consider using just plain Rails, though my experiences with the code quality of even some aspects of that aren't super great, but most 3rd party Gems for Rails scare the crap out of me at this point in terms of future support burdens. And people throw so many of those into their gemfiles. 2.1.0 :002 > Time.now + 3.hours NoMethodError: undefined method `hours' for 3:Fixnum 2.1.0 :003 > Time.now.end_of_day NoMethodError: undefined method `end_of_day' for 2014-12-27 20:52:11 -0600:Time EDIT: to elaborate on what I mean by that sort of attitude, I feel like Rails's reliance on "magic" (or things that appear to be such) makes it too easy to do things quickly that the cost to do it right doesn't get paid and this interacts very badly with a common pitfall for users of open source components where people just don't put in enough time vetting quality before integrating things into a project. "What could be more expensive than losing a few hundred lives and an aircraft?" It seems to me like we'd still have lost these aircraft, we'd just be able to find the wreckage faster. But in the middle of an ocean that isn't currently covered, does that translate into being able to rescue anybody quickly enough to save lives? Or is it losing lives, losing an aircraft, and paying to just know where the wreckage is? My naive instinct is that there should be some sort of split, not just having the university hold the full patent and income resulting from it, but I do think there should be some sweat equity for the researchers. Similar to how if you're raising money for a company, you don't have to sell your entire stake. (This gets weird with the distinction between the researchers and the university as well, but that's a separate issue.) Acting and improv classes can help—you have to talk to people to do it—but it can also be a bit different. In both of those you're in a pretty specific role (even improv has a lot of training wheels at the start) and there are common forms; getting comfortable making crazy stuff up on stage in front of a bunch of strangers is still a bit different than selling to strangers in a professional or social capacity. The big thing you need to do—not care if you end up making yourself look stupid—is the same, but the contexts are different enough that to me they're pretty separate. So for me it is just forcing myself to be social. Repeatedly. Still! It won't happen overnight, but after a while you hopefully will notice changes. A few differences that seem pretty big: * after-the-fact tracking and analysis vs a sorta in-progress playbook for trying to score * not sharing personal information, and not coming off nearly as judgmental in commenting on individual people—especially in the "not sending it to someone you're interested in and seeing" category, jeeze * sarcasm and jokes are a pretty well-established way of treading on could-be-creepy ground in a less off-putting way Even the Jezebel post itself, with its tracking down and interviewing people in the spreadsheet, is more creepy than this blog post... From my experience so far, I'd rather inherit an in-house solution to something than a hacked-in didn't-exactly-meet-the-requirements-in-the-first-place third party library. I find the latter cases particularly painful to keep running well when the need to update the original project comes along. If you're going to pick a third party library, try to make sure you can depend on it to be supported for as long as your project will be. Otherwise it's not much different than inheriting code that's not supported because the original author left the company. The built-in-house solution tends to have less useless-to-me stuff bolted on in an attempt to be "versatile" but that ends up getting in the way down the line. (This is hardly universally true, though: the built-in-house swiss-army-knife attempt is probably the worst of all worlds.) Light is weird! Here’s an essay from a dilettante with too much time spent in Lightroom… Everyone (including the Wired people in the submitted article here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9117137 ) seems to be trying to white-balance the image as if it has only a single light source. "He saw blue in the highlights, telling him that the white he was seeing was blue, and the gold was black. And when Harris reversed the process, balancing to the darkest pixel in the image, the dress popped blue and black. “It became clear that the appropriate point in the image to balance from is the black point,” Harris says." I don't understand why. The blown out highlights of the background (which seems to be people carrying bags outside a window?) seem to make it clear that whatever's hitting the dress is a different light than what's filling in the background. The hardest question I feel remains, then, is: if the dress is white, why is the foreground light blue-cast? Generally indoor lighting is yellow than outdoors... possibly a flash? The quality of the image is so poor that it appears that there was still not nearly enough light hitting the front of the dress, but on the other hand I don't spot anything on the front of the dress that I'd say was definitely a flash highlight... my best theory is that it's a 100% crop of a bigger image and the flash isn't sufficient because the photographer was actually quite a bit further away (and had a poor camera/cameraphone). But that light temperature question is a problem the other way too: if it's a blue dress under warm indoor lighting (hence the yellow/gold-ish tinge to the 'black' parts), what's up with the particular shade of blue the light part of the dress is rendering as? That doesn’t look like blue in warm light to me. That's a really weird shade for blue to render as, I see that shade far more often when looking at white objects in cool light. People also tracked down (don't have original source, just people reposting on Facebook) this site which sells a very-similar-if-not-exactly-the-same dress in both a blue and white variant (hard to be sure of the details with the poor quality of the original pic)! But neither secondary color (seems to be untinted black in both cases): http://www.romanoriginals.co.uk/invt/70931?colour=Ivory - and in none of the “corrected” blue images I’ve seen does it look like that shade of blue, without clearly crushed shadow detail indicating underexposure. But if that is exactly the same dress, than I honestly can’t say, since there are weird things about both color rendering options! (Why wouldn't the dark lace be blue-cast too? Alternately, why is the blue less gold-cast than the lace if the dress is really blue?) EDIT: another option for how the exposure got so weird in a blue-dress scenario: there could be another item in the hypothetical uncropped original photo that is not overexposed that explains how both the dress and the background are overexposed? If just the dress was the original subject of this photo I'm surprised by how poorly the camera picked the exposure/white-balance. The yellow one in your simulation is the one I feel is off, and was referring to with the blue removal. That's not how I perceive it when doing my mental white-balancing attempt (and I can't speak to how blue-dressers perceive it originally). I see that the pixels are light blue, but assume that the material is white. Lightroom does a much more convincing blue-cast removal -- looks pretty similar to this, where the gold is preserved but the white doesn't become yellow: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/B-0WdySWwAEqiDR.jpg (I would upload my version from lightroom, but I didn't bother to save it and I've spent far too much time on this subject for one night :) ). Eh, I feel like a lot of that is an overreaction. The sort that makes it hard to have an honest discussion about stuff like diversity from either side. For instance, I've done a lot of interviewing with the Google-type whiteboard coding questions, and all it's really told me is that they don't show crap for how good they're going to be at their everyday job (e.g. will this person consistently submit un-tested code to code review, will they pay as much attention to detail in their job as they do in interview-mode...). It make sure people all meet a minimum bar for a certain sort of smartness, but that smartness doesn't have a lot to do with most development tasks. It works pretty well for identifying the superstars—there's always that tier that blows through whatever you give them way faster—but if you need to hire more people than you have superstars applying, it's kinda crappy. (Except for all the others that have been tried...) In the meantime, when not stuck doing interviews, I'll continue to pay attention to details, deploy code that's been tested and handles its edge cases, get stuff done, and get my hair cut regularly, play basketball, and buy nice clothes even if others in the office are in flip flops. And sometimes I'll wear flip flops too, depending on how I feel that day, whatever. At some fraction of $3/month, you aren't going to be giving those sites much for a single impression or two anyway, sounds like. I wonder how hard it would be to block the script/call on sites you don't want to support (or just whitelist it on ones you do). I'd imagine not very. I've found it far cheaper to go with a rider on top of my renter's insurance than with a device-specific policy (and with better service, since they just deferred to the Apple Store re: repairs, vs making me send it to them like back when I had a computer-specific policy in 2007ish). I've got my DSLR and my MBP covered for $60/year—I got it mainly for the camera, in case I dropped it in a lake or something, but it was cheap to throw the laptop on it too and then that saved my ass when I spilled water in it. Zip drives could also go bad and screw up your data if the mechanism failed. Stupid click of death... a completely separate storage layer can't always save you. Sharing all your data with their partners doesn't sound like being a big data company; I'd think a big data company would want to keep their data to themselves and under their own control. Is Starwood also a big data company now because they're getting this data? The post-World War II US had even higher top marginal income tax rates than that, but many see the US 50s as glory days economically. Certainly there was a lot of progress and innovation going on. 94% for 1944 and 1945. Above 90% until 1964. Above 70% until 1982. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Income_tax_in_the_United_States... I don't follow. Companies like Apple and Microsoft, among others, were founded regardless of the US having a 70% top income tax rate; what's the connection between that and blue collar jobs? (Coastal) California suburbs and small towns tend to be much denser than suburbs in most of the rest of the country. Most of LA city proper is considered suburban, but it also averages out to something like 8K people/sq mile. Even somewhere more suburban like Anaheim clocks in at 6.6K. Compare that with Dallas (3.6). I would've expected those density gains to be somewhat more offset by the worse fuel efficiency of sitting in LA traffic, though... but on the other hand, much of the LA area has far lower heating/cooling costs than almost anywhere else in the country. > Some were rudimentary and fairly common; others were unique to him; still others recalled sushi’s origins as Edo-era street food. Not that it's productive to complain about a person's (possible) lack of internal consistency in a story like this anyway... This isn't an article, say, giving advice on building secure software where errors would be dangerous. I think that's against their long-term interest. For traffic to keep coming, they need either new users from good word-of-mouth from people who had good experiences, or repeat usage from people who were happy enough with their past experience even if the relationship didn't last forever. Explicitly helping people be manipulative in getting to an in-person meeting between probably-not-actually-natural-matches seems counterproductive. I think you need to figure out just what you mainly want. What's driving you? Just the goal of making lots of money? More or less than the lost friends? Is it a status thing of having something to show for it? That paragraph might sound judgmental initially, but personally I don't think there's anything wrong with being driven by the desire to make a lot of money, or prove something (whether to yourself or to others - it sounds more like to yourself in your case). But I think you need to really nail down your motivations in order to decide what your goal is -- for instance, what's your objection to having a day job? If you weren't working on side projects too, would you really be taking trips? Some people don't get as much out of traveling as others, that's OK, don't feel like you have to do it because everyone else is. You want to build a business, but that's vague: what's the part of it do you really want to do? Does it depend on the type of business? Figure out the details of what you want and why you want it, so you can keep yourself sane and remember why you're doing it, then get back to the how. When I've used Redis, I've turned disk persistence off. This is for cases where (a) consistent performance is more important than being able to recover data (like when the data expires or otherwise is used quickly, and not needed for long), and for online operations failing to a replicated slave is a more robust solution than trying to relaunch a single node and have it read data back from disk (which doesn't help you if the machine itself dies). Or, (b), the long-term persistence is handled in a separate layer that's written to separately and the Redis instances are just used for fast on-line usage (again with slaves set up to avoid losing the data from memory entirely). You can do SQL in pure memory too, but for the use cases I've had for redis, there isn't need for a schema or firm transaction guarantees, etc, so the setup and operational simplicity of Redis wins out. Here's a few I remember off the top of my head. It's easy to get into many older cars. Slim jim past the window is the classic example (and I opened my 80s Toyota with a coathanger multiple times when I locked myself out), but many times the locks could be opened by keys to other cards from the same manufacturer as well, they just didn't seem to be that precise. And of course, smash the window as a last resort, that wouldn't set off an alarm in the past. Nowdays cars have recessed lock things in the door panels (or button-controlled-locks that can't be as easily manipulated with a coathanger, or even that don't work at all if the car was locked from outside) to help prevent this, and the interior of the doors has more protection built around the lock mechanism so you can't easily fish through there and hook onto the right lever. Once inside an old car, starting it is usually just a matter of shorting the right pair of wires. Or using brute strength to turn the ignition cylinder even if they key isn't an exact match (or maybe with a screwdriver, as another poster mentioned doing in the past in this thread). Modern cars have chips in the keys so that it's not just a matter of closing a circuit, the key has to be coded to the car. Or just tow the car somewhere and work on picking the lock later at your leisure. Overkill for a common car, but for something really nice it could be practical. Nowdays your more expensive cars have tilt and motion sensors that'll set off the alarm if you locked it, left it, and someone else comes up and tries to tow it. Possibly GPS tracking or similar as well, IIRC, on some fancy stuff. The fob-in-pocket entry/pushbutton start stuff gives up some of those improvements given an exploit like this, but overall I'd say is still much more secure. You need specialized hardware (that's only useful for breaking into someone else's car) and it wouldn't work to, say, steal cars from an airport parking lot or somewhere else where they were left and the owner wasn't in range. Keeping your car in a garage at home seems to mitigate a lot of the easiest vectors for this attack. It's unclear to me from the article and linked abstract (and the paper is paywalled) just what kind of minor procedures they mean, but it could be something where a topical anesthetic can be applied but there would still be active internal nerves, like a biopsy of something internal. For things like that, not needing narcotic anesthetic would reduce risk of side effects and also make things much more convenient -- e.g., patients could leave under their own supervision. The article is making the claim that the test is already pretty worthless to colleges as a filter because the differences that separate, say, a 99.9th-percentile score from a 98th-percentile score (number picked by myself at random, as the article didn't mention any that I saw) don't actually correlate to much of anything of use for selecting who should get into the top schools. Especially if those differences are largely "had more time and money to spend on preparation." It reports that research shows that grades are a better predictor. (Though high schools are also hardly immune to grade inflation pressures, for the same reason that the huge test prep industry has sprung up—parents don't care about merit or fairness, they care about doing whatever they can to get the best-perceived college for their own kids. I find it doubtful that changing the SAT in the way suggested would do anything to address this root issue.) It also makes an interesting side point about year-to-year results for tracking overall education progress. I've pretty much never personally seen a violent/property crime committed by someone else. Don't think I've ever been witness to a mugging, or a store getting held up, or a car getting stolen. What I have seen is media reports and then, even more vividly than news reports, movie and TV portrayals, of such and other crimes. So now, any pattern-matching I do on "this is the type of person who does that type of thing" isn't based on my own experiences, it's based on the ones people have shown me. So maybe there were things influenced what got reported on, or what types of people get written into stories in what roles—aka my bias would be based on other people's bias which would be based on... as well as questions about what types of crimes get reported on/turned into movies, etc. Violence sells, etc. This is problematic for the idea that "bias" is just the brain doing reliable and sophisticated analysis of trustworthy data. Hundreds of additional units potentially being opened up for traditional rentals certainly sounds like a good thing for rapidly-rising Santa Monica rents. Pulling up AirBNB listings for a random week a few months from now in SM also makes it look like most of the stuff being listed is small apartments/houses, not the swanky giant houses that would be well outside the market of the typical renter who's currently being squeezed. However, it's unclear from a cursory look how many units were permanent rentals versus "I travel on business a lot so I can have guests stay when I'm not here" type stuff which is much more reasonable.[1] There's a fair bit of new residential construction going on, but it doesn't seem like enough yet, and I think a city—especially one that already has an easily-healthy number of tourists/visitors—has more responsibility to residents regarding rent than to visitors who are experiencing a likewise-overheated hotel market. [1] although it's not a pleasant thought to think that for many people, things are tight enough that the money made from renting out their place (and the risks that go with it) when not home is a significant boon to their life. I don't know Houston in particular, but that's fairly typical for the rest of Texas. My childhood home gets a 22, and my parent's new house (despite actually being more central in the city) scores a 10 (more shops within a couple miles, but the neighborhood itself is more enclaved). A friend's place on the outskirts of downtown San Antonio manages a 79, which is the highest I can find from my still-TX-living contacts I have addresses for. If you're used to major west coast or east coast cities the difference in the type/level of sprawl in Texas can be pretty startling. Similarly, there are only a handful of people from my high school class who don't have "single family home with a yard" as a short-term life goal. And a lot of them have already achieved it. Very different demographic compared with what I find out here. This dataset appears to be the same one used for the "where you grow up affects how much money you make" article and seems to directly speak to what a few commenters here noticed about that one: it was looking at household income, so less likely to marry -> more likely to be two datapoints making less money in two separate households than one datapoint making a higher combined total. This is even noted in the other article: http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2015/05/03/upshot/the-bes... "Here, better or worse is measured by the household incomes of children in early adulthood. This makes New York look worse than it would if individual incomes were used, because it, along with Northern California, has some of the lowest marriage rates in the country. Manhattan is actually better than most of the country at raising the individual incomes of poor girls. Marriage rates, too, are strongly affected by where children grow up." But that seems to essentially invalidate broad swaths of the original article, instead of merely being mentioned in the last paragraph in regard to just two areas... There are still probably some interesting outliers, but it looks like they're not the ones discussed in the original. For instance, I noticed that LA county, one of the listed lower-income-causing ones in the original article, is indeed 4 percentage points less likely to marry. But then I saw that it's neighbor, Ventura County, is both 3 percentage points less likely to marry by 26 and has households making 7 percent more at age 26. That's potentially interesting. Doubtless there are others that are more likely to marry and also lower income... At what point does people griping about poor compensation at startups stop being the fault of "greedy engineers" and start being the fault of investors/founders not being willing to allocate the right amount of money to labor? Software startups would still be super cheap, relative to most other things. Based on the recruiting contacts I get, there are some startups with massive amounts of cash in the bank that are still stingy on the salaries but will go on and on about equity even when they've raised several rounds at ever-higher valuations. But, fortunately, there are also others that are starting to be willing to pay more cash at earlier stages. I'm far from convinced that this is a bad thing. I think you misunderstood. I haven't taken the offers. Were I to feel underpaid at a startup, I'd talk to my boss and/or some recruiters, not to HN. (Nor do you have to got to a huge corporation to find the larger offers.) It's just something to keep in mind when you see "why can't I hire enough good engineers?" posts... not the only reason, by any means, but certainly a reason. Back in the 90s, some of the first digital cameras weren't much more than that[1], with Kodak and such making ones for specific SLRs. The part that I never knew about until finding this article was that a company even tried the direct "drop in roll of film replacement" approach in the early 2000s, but they couldn't get it off the ground. [1] http://olivierduong.com/converting-film-cameras-to-digital-e... What's the state of the art in damageless scanning? Do you still have to rip the pages out in order to get good, fast results? It's unclear if you'd taken on programming projects; if so, it sounds like you would've been able to discuss them in detail. Even with a class project, if someone was interested enough in the class that they can tell you months later "oh, yeah, this project was interesting, we did it with method x because we'd already studied methods y and z and they weren't as well suited for reasons a, b, and c "—even if those reasons were straight from the lectures—then they're already well ahead of most university candidates I've talked to. Most people mostly forget stuff beyond "oh, yeah, we did it this way cause the textbook said to." Similarly for "what else might you do with that?" type questions. Now, if you haven't taken any classes, and haven't done any software projects for other stuff, yeah, you wouldn't have anything to talk about. But figuring out if someone who's never touched code before is going to be able to do it well is an extremely hard problem -- that person isn't going to make it past any other interview method I've encountered, either. How would you approach that candidate? It's pretty typical. Maybe this explains some of why car culture caught on so much in the US... growing up in suburban America, you don't expect to have to travel for an hour very often. Rush hour doesn't last for long, and after that the highway will take you wherever you want to go. In most of the US, an hour drive is a long way[1]. You're talking about a 40+ mile trip since few cities experience the hours-long traffic of LA (in LA, it's easy to spend an hour driving 5 to 15 miles, if you have to go at the wrong time). The flip side is that LA is far denser than most of the US, so you don't generally have to drive nearly as far... but relationships and commuting to work can get you, and that's where you get the time-consuming drives in soul-crushing traffic. [1] In most of the US, public transport isn't an option, and even in LA taking the bus generally adds a fair bit of time over driving direct, and the train coverage is only slowly improving. Business success is nothing like winning a sporting championship. Sports are specifically constructed to let talent and skill shine through and impress the audience. Business is practically the opposite of that. You don't know all the skills you need in advance. You don't have thousands of hours of live and taped competition directly between the best in the world to study. Progress towards those skills and a championship/success isn't directly measurable. The ground may shift out from under you overnight (few pro sports rule changes have caused players or teams to go bust or lose all hope of winning... compare that to any widely-felt economic event). The environment facing an entrepreneur is far, far more chaotic, which is why a first-time founder without deep personal reserves is going to be far more at the mercy of luck than Lebron James or Russell Wilson. (And even then, there are fierce debates over the role of luck when it comes to individual's career accomplishments. Drop Lebron onto MJ's Bulls, and how many titles does he win? Drop MJ onto the mid-2000's Cavs, and how many does he win?) (Edit for fixing inconsistency between which directions I was making the comparison in.) Not really. NBA D-League and minor league hockey salaries aren't exactly anything to write home about either. And then there's football, where the "minor leagues" are 3 years unpaid in college, where you not only have to batter your body without getting paid, you also have to keep up academic performance at the same time (wouldn't it make more sense to make some money playing football trying to get to the NFL, and then if you don't make it, having that money to get an education if desired on your own schedule, without having to do both at once?). I often wonder if this, or the similar Hollywood model, is where Silicon Valley will eventually end up. The model is already quite similar, the money at the bottom just hasn't been squeezed out the same way yet. But there is pressure on first time founders who raise funding to pay themselves the minimum at first "to keep them focused," and the same applies to early employee equity stakes. We even have the tech-scene focused gossip/hero-worship of the Hollywood or pro sports scenes down pat! The "amateur" state of college football is a joke. It's the only option. It's a de-facto minor leagues for the NFL. The NFL benefits from being able to scout these players through it without having to draft or pay them earlier. The college athletic departments benefit from having found a revenue stream far larger than any other minor league, yet still not having to pay the players who generate that revenue. Heck, even the athletes in other sports get more real benefit than the college football players, since that's a lot of what's funding their scholarships. The football players are in a weird position of playing in front of 50-90,000 adoring fans every week just like they would in the NFL, but seeing nothing more than a scholarship and some stipends. You haven't explained the huge differences. The vast majority of post-high-school players in any sport are doing it despite it being either a poor financial decision or simply part of a system that's inherently rigged against those players. The 1% get fame and fortune, the 99% wash out with nothing to show for it but years of little income. E-sport aspirants get even less to show for it? It doesn't seem very meaningful to quibble over the difference between "very little" and "practically nothing." I look forward to 1-on-1s with my manager(s) and I've never used them for status reports. Perfect time to ask questions about things not directly in my day to day domain. Weekly seems a bit much for anyone but super-new-hires, though. It seems like they're only evaluating phone screen methods against their pre-designed coding interview problem? But what if there are issues with that problem? There seems to be a big assumption that "our programming questions are going to be good and predictive, even if everyone else's are bad." What if being able to describe in-depth a past (real) project correlates just as well (or better) to on-the-job performance as being able to design and code one of their artificial ones? Or what if those artificial ones just don't correlate that well with on-the-job performance in the first place? It is definitely harder to BS-detect/grade, though. They want to re-run against actual job performance in the future, that's nice, but it seems like they're throwing ideas out awfully early, then. It's not at all what it's built for. I'd be interested in seeing articles critiquing it's designed mission (or more reporting on the software woes, which would be very relevant here), since I'm no military strategy expert, but reports like this seem rather useless. Do we expect to be doing a lot of WWI/WWII-style close-range air fighting? EDIT: this, for instance, seems much more interesting: http://www.fool.com/investing/general/2015/02/22/us-navy-to-... But it's hard to see how dogfighting prowess would be any help against long-range radar systems that can detect it before being in range. Part of that would depend on how many people in military/police roles saw the unrest as riots/protests to be squashed versus a revolution to be joined. And political will for even the current level of police force against protests is showing some signs of turning, let alone for massive use of force against citizens. Even on foreign military missions, we (the US) can certainly take over territory quickly, such as the invasion of Iraq, but we aren't willing (or possibly able) to be despotic all-powerful overlords after "bringing freedom" didn't end the way we wanted. That aside, a situation has to get really bad before revolution, and all its associated costs and bloodshed, would be a net positive. And that's for successful revolution, historically the results have been more spotty. Wouldn't the answer be the same reason not everyone is accepted into YC, or why Thiel doesn't personally fund everyone under the sun? Here's some basic info: https://www.fidelity.com/retirement-planning/learn-about-ira... Everywhere I've worked so far has both let me keep the existing account if I wanted when I left, and then also provided the option to rollover an old account into the new plan. Basically you fill out a form, send it to whoever the old account was with, and then get a check you can deposit in the new account through your new employer (or maybe the last step is electronic? I forget if I had to drop off a paper check at my current employer when I rolled over my old account). I generally do this, though I suppose I should look at fees and stuff in the future before just doing it blindly for convenience's sake of having everything in one place. With regard to the parent's complaint about movies, the biggest factor is probably the come-for-the-movies-stay-for-the-TV-shows effect. Consider having 100 40-minute episodes of a TV show vs a collection of 50 ~90 minute movies. Few people binge watch unrelated movies for hours on end compared to TV series. And that "there's still more episodes left" hook is great for retention too. But especially in TV series, there's a lot more competition than there used to be, and so prices are being driven way up. And Netflix is devoting more of their budget to original programming as well. There's probably very little due to studio nefariousness. The studios largely want to get paid, and creators being able to choose which studios to work with is a pretty big factor in keeping them mostly honest. It's like how TV studios are willing to sell shows to other networks if they'll make a better offer than the network under the same parent umbrella -- the studio has its own bottom line and future prospects to worry about. Just for the heck of it: Yes, Yes, No. Though I'm paying market rate (but not in SF). Neither rent control as usually implemented nor construction seems like much of a silver bullet, though. I completely understand why cities are reluctant to change construction policies on short-term trends. Building a ton of new stock for a boom, and then running into a bust, could lead to massive vacancies that would ultimately impact the quality of the city for everyone left there after the people the boom attracted are gone. It's also obvious that current residents will prioritize themselves over future replacement residents. And this doesn't seem too unreasonable to me. If you think their government policies are so terrible, you should take that into account in your calculations of what you'd be willing to pay to live there. So I support rent control for existing tenants, so that long-term residents who never had a job that let them build enough capital to buy don't get forced out just by the vagaries of the market. Affordable housing programs can be useful too to enable lower-income workers to still live locally, but in my experience this is more commonly abused in new-construction situations where much more attention is paid to the letter of the law than the spirit; rent control is a more practical alternative. Top-tier college recruits shouldn't need a gateway to the NFL with their talent level. We can stick with a tech metaphor: It would be like all tech companies and startups and VCs colluding to require a certain number of years in college before being willing to hire or fund anyone. And the universities would own any apps/code the kids wrote while they were in school. Obviously it would be ludicrously imbalanced for the top 18-year-olds in that situation to give up that much earning potential in exchange for a "gateway" to a profession that needs them anyway. Sadly people really get into tribalism, and have much stronger ties to their college than they would to any local minor league team, so there's tremendous amounts of money in play to maintain the status quo. Unfortunately, if Apple made a first-party photo editor for iPad that was as good or better as Lightroom, I'd still get a Surface (looking to do just this in a few months before a big trip, very interested in how well the pen works for local adjustments). Why? Because I was an Aperture user before I was a Lightroom user. It'll take a long time to convince me I wouldn't just be buying into the wrong system for a second time. If that's set on the connection, could a misbehaving/poorly-written client still give you trouble (obviously it would be better to not have any other teams connecting directly to your DBs, but have to you work with what you find in place, sometimes...)? Or is this something specified at the DB side of the connection, not the client? My practice with long-running query killer scripts is to have them ignore queries that are known to be long by running those queries on a specific user/machine(s) and then hoarding and protecting those credentials. Will automated cars solve the problem? Or will automated cars make people more willing to put up with long commutes since it's then a passive activity and they can do something else in the meantime, making traffic no better and causing a net increase in energy usage? Seems like it could go either way—people often talk about how they'd rather sit 50 minutes on a train than do 30 minutes driving for that same reason, but if it becomes 50 minutes with everyone in their own car then we're worse off. The second levels are pretty similar - push harder than you would normally, pushing "through" your usual action, get haptic feedback, something else happens. One difference that helps discoverability, though, is that 3D touch for stuff like app shortcuts and "live photo" replays has UI-based feedback to tell you there's more if you push harder, whereas the second level push on the MacBook trackpad feels less rewarding to experiment with (or maybe that's just a function of it being used far less in OS X than in iOS). We have, overall, come a long way medically in the past hundred years, but I'd be very interested in an article that looked at how much of that was revolutionary breakthroughs and how much was incremental. And how much was both: e.g. being able to transplant many organs for the first time in the 20th century, and then the gradual increase in post-transplant life-expectancies since then. (And that's an area with a potentially scary future, too, if the superbug scare proves to be more real/less media hype than many positive "breakthroughs.") It takes a quite high level of traffic to make taking public transit—which usually, at rush hour, means standing in a hot uncomfortable crowded bus or train car. Compare that to your own private comfortable seat with noise isolation and entertainment. There seems to be very little support for increasing the number of busses to run every five minutes instead of ten, for instance. Frankly, most cities in the US don't have that level of traffic in that many places. If it's not even going to make a difference to drivers in LA it's not going to be many current drivers' first choice in the relatively traffic-free (and much less dense) car-oriented cities outside of LA. (But then, there are network effects here too, and so the question is how much that changes as the LA network continues to be built out over the next 15 years. And LA is planning on also making road driving significantly more annoying in many areas too ("road diets") which is a probably-good but obviously controversial plan. Unless, in the meantime, self-driving cars are the final nail in the coffin for non-NYC US mass-transit... This seems like a foolish requirement for an investor to impose. The more intent a user has, the higher you'll see conversion rates, generally. And if I've already seen a great price and want to buy my intent is way higher than if I'm just curious about what their price is. Terrible time to kick a user into a funnel if not for contractually-obligated reasons (like other posters bring up). How well correlated are those things with CS or Engineering studies? Star Wars and science fiction won't help you write software. Building a computer from scratch won't really either, these days. (And magazines are a weird one because they're very much a relic of the past, and not as much of a realistic way to pick this stuff up for the past 15 years.) Tech posters also seem entirely like a high-school/college-age cultural thing rather than a sign of real interest. Most of my (almost entirely male) software engineer coworkers have as their desktop pictures nature scenes, cityscapes, or picture of people, very few have sci-fi/fantasy/anime/whatever screenshots or art. If you go to more directly-related things like "reading and commenting on HN on a Sunday" where someone is likely to very well be learning things that apply to their job, it would be interesting to see how much of a turnoff that seemed to be compared to the above-listed tangential culture markers. Though even then, while I'm sure business owners love having employees who will willingly do uncompensated work-related study on the weekend, I'm doubtful that it's a thing we should be striving towards. This is probably it, there's even movies about it (Legally Blonde, etc). What's different there is customer-facing vs non-customer-facing roles, a lawyer who shows up in court in non-professional attire is going to get flak, and I don't know what the immediate female-heavy analogue for a back-of-office, not-customer-facing male-dominated engineer department. The usual examples of female-dominated professions like nursing and teaching don't fit that comparison. But it's very disingenuous to call engineering low social status these days. Wearing Star Wars t-shirts or talking about computer parts and technology 24/7, yes, that will still receive at least some ribbing, if not more, but that's not the same as being an engineer by day. In my recent social experience, reaction after someone asks "what do you do?" is pretty uniformly somewhere on the positively-neutral-to-impressed spectrum. Not entirely. What's your response to this part? "I felt out of place among my mostly male colleagues because I hated drinking beer and didn’t like being mocked for reading novels. Not to mention that the men who controlled access to the computer made me listen to a barrage of sexist teasing if I wanted to be given that day’s code to run my program." I'm male. I don't drink beer. I read novels. I don't get mocked for either of them. I don't get sexist teasing. I have seen coworkers do that, though (in more subtle ways)—and that just sucks. It would be a mistake to interpret or portray this article as "afraid of Star Wars posters" as if Star Wars posters are a thing that actively attacks people who are different. Well I'd say changing human behavior is harder than changing perceptions. And most of the article (outside of the behavioral bit about the sexism she experienced, which is unfortunately a harder problem) is therefore focused on perceptions, which seems very justifiable given this bit: "As Dr. Cheryan points out, stereotypes are only partly true, and women who actually take classes in computer science don’t hold the same prejudices as women who get their ideas from pop culture ." So the male nerd culture aspects inside the system aren't as offputting as however the current popular stereotypes make them out to be. Sounds like there are some lower hanging fruit than changing people's desires. (As to why we'd want to fix it in the first place... I don't know many tech companies right now that are satisfied with the size and depth of the talent pool. Getting more education to more people to become potential candidates could only help with that, and increased demand for a major tends to increase department size, so I don't think it's a zero-sum game with males losing out here. More people with at least a cursory or exploratory level of education in science could eventually lead to better policy around it, etc, too.) Thankfully the pay-to-play has been changed going forward, at least: http://www.latimes.com/local/california/la-me-traffic-fines-... I can see the "tax on the poor" argument on one hand, but on the other hand permit parking areas are soooo much nicer to live in than playing a parking lottery every night, if you don't have on-site parking. And that wouldn't work without enforcement. I'm not in favor of free parking for all, there just isn't enough public road space out here. Disney World is the most visited theme park in the world. Good luck at scaring tourists away by turning something into Disney World... "Nobody goes there anymore, it's too crowded." Status (probably not the best word for it) addiction? BMW, Mercedes, Tesla, etc... you'll find high rates of satisfaction, repeat business, etc, despite rather high rates of unreliable over-engineered components. It's more important to a lot of people to be driving a technologically advanced Tesla with great acceleration, or a differently-advanced sporty BMW that handles like a dream, rather than a more boring, more reliable car that just works. (Or, for a eco-friendly to eco-friendly comparison, the Tesla inspires much more devotion than other electric or hybrid vehicles.) Not at a YC company, but yeah my guess would be that it's hard to get the trend followers on board with other stuff. I've anecdotally seen myself a lot of candidates (esp at the recent-university/recent-MS level) who've taken some ML courses cause it's trendy and sounds interesting but (a) don't have a serious enough interest in it or knowledge of how to apply it well enough to be a good fit on our ML teams and (b) aren't open to other roles because they sound less cool or have a perception that the day to day work will be more tedious. Yes, the same Consumer Reports who later called them out for reliability: http://www.consumerreports.org/cars/tesla-reliability-doesnt... I'd argue that the airline industry was disrupted, in pretty much the classic "provide something that works OK for a lot of people at a cheaper price" sense. This is the result. The rise of budget carriers and people consistently choosing lowest price over everything else for flights led the legacy carriers to smash more and more seats into planes and remove all those little niceties that used to come as part of the experience: food, free checked bags, playing cards, whatever. Basically anything that doesn't actively bring in money or is at least free to re-use for the next flight. EDIT: it makes sense, too. I can't blame people for that decision, I've made the same one. How many bucks is it really worth to be a bit less uncomfortable for 2 hours? 3 hours? Even 6 hours? Especially if I'm flying with a partner I'm sitting next to, which makes the leg-room/personal-space issue less annoying. And even when flying internationally, would I rather dedicate more money towards the flight itself, or to upgrading my accommodations for the time I'm spending overseas? Seems like it is the developer's location, with the following note from the bottom of the link: "(However, there's still the caveat that if any app triggers “Snap to Road”, all apps get “Snap to Road”.)" which seems to be a poor implementation decision vs providing apps snapped or unsnapped location data based on their setting, but may be the result of some early-on ill-considered internal designs? If I look at the Glassdoor salaries for places I've worked the numbers (total comp especially, but also base salary) are sometimes quite low. They get less accurate the higher up you go (where you also have less data points), I think mainly it's a combination of sparse data + older data points being way out of whack with recent increases due to the competitive market. I've personally seen numbers at several places that some people on HN vehemently tell me I shouldn't believe... and sometimes, even Glassdoor seems to give numbers that a lot of commenters here don't always seem to believe (like that $268k number). Symbian also came from a PDA OS. And yeah, Netscape Navigator/Communicator 4 was pretty crappy, as was the first Netscape 6/Mozilla stuff for a few years pre-Phoenix/Firebird/Firefox. For this particular comment, probably just that it doesn't add anything. Saying something akin to "get rid of taxes, and the IRS will have less power" is pretty tautological and not really relevant to most of the arguments linked (which are far more ... creative ... and bold, in terms of claiming that the US/IRS already doesn't have power to tax people). Overall, this whole argument seems like the web being well behind the curve and debating about approaches to take to yesterday's problem (or perceived problem, I've yet to see real harm done by DRM on Netflix) when meanwhile things are largely passing them by. Consumption is moving to smart TVs, Rokus, iPads, etc. So if you want a threat to the "open web" the appification of the world is where you'll find it. I'm not sure it'll be stopped either way (or even that this trend is so terrible), but religious objections to DRM - to push things that way even faster - aren't going to do anything to slow that train down. BMW, Mercedes, etc, don't have the cool factor for the entry luxury market? They own that factor right now, and already have hybrids, and could add outright electrics if that's what the market starts wanting. What would cause them to instantly lose the cool factor just because Tesla enters the market? I have a couple of coworkers with Teslas. I have far more with cars in the same market range that come from Porsche or Alfa or BMW or Mercedes or... It's worth noting that non-digitally-secured cars (pre chip-in-the-key tech) provided very little security themselves. Slim jims, hotwiring... The wireless bit does seem like a big regression over non-wired digital security, though. I never had much problem breaking into my old 80s Toyota truck with a clothes hanger back when I was a new driver who would occasionally lock himself out of his car, but valid point - I know 90s cars especially made it a lot harder. Window smashing is still an option, though! Re: "more say in directing the business" One of the decisions to make in choosing a management career track or not is if you want to eventually have more say over the business - what your team works on - or more say over how it's done - how the team engineers things. Someone in an architect-role can have a lot of say over the latter that upper-mid-management won't (and even a CTO type who could impose decisions on that generally shouldn't be, they're too far away from the code). I've lived in two studios with a less extreme size difference than that: 333sqft and 450sqft, and the difference between just the extra 117sqft is actually pretty massive in terms of flexibility. 208sqft sounds terrifying to me after living a year in 333sqft. By contrast, if you're single and don't have too much stuff (say, a bed, a desk, TV, 2-person table, small couch), 450sqft is pretty easy. I spent three years living in that much space. But if ssh'ing into boxes every once in a while is all you need to fix or debug stuff, why is it "best practice" to build out a lot of infrastructure to replace that? That's not an example of trying to have it both ways. There's no law that says you can't have both a solid base salary and a good equity grant, so you increase the upside but get screwed less on the downside. I don't see people on HN often arguing that companies shouldn't be allowed to offer equity, more that people shouldn't blindly accept equity grants they don't understand - that are smaller and more limited in upside than they think - in exchange for greatly below-market salaries. Very interested to know how you believe conflating economic, social, and geographical/geopolitical factors (e.g. clusters of poverty and their effect on upbringings) have all been filtered out of this supposed consensus conclusion. In regard to the US, the obvious answer is that some races were literally oppressed on that very basis for decades/centuries. That was not a passive activity. So is it any real surprise that it might have long-lasting effects that need active, rather than passive, countering? EDIT: your comment reads differently after your addition of the second paragraph so now I don't know if I'm disagreeing with you or answering a rhetorical question or what. Regardless... Forcing employment would be a rather extreme attempt at a remedy, but the graph here[0] illustrates rather nicely a problem that race-blind attempts at fixes will run into. What works in one environment may not work in another, and their are dramatically different environments for different races in the USA. [0] https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/08/12/black... Fascinating, considering that other scientific research has itself demonstrated the effects of those confounding factors. So this seems like a wash... Except that it doesn't take much to observe that it's very hard to be raised in the same circumstances when you're of different races in the US. There are very real differences in people's behavior towards people based on race, and those shape that environment.) IIRC Netflix purchased the streaming rights for House of Cards from a studio, but the studio sold rights to others for medias/locations Netflix wasn't in at the time. E.g. you can buy House of Cards on disc from Sony, or on various on-demand services. Or possibly for streaming, Netflix had those rights but sublicensed them before expanding (oops, if that's the case). Someone had to blink, especially as basic Android phones got better and cheaper. Pre-iPhone, most contracts were one-year, and typical expensive phones cost $3-400 unlocked. Post-iPhone, phone costs go up, so contracts get longer, but now the carriers are in a position where they're treating expensive iPhones the same as the same as less-expensive base-model Androids. Sure, they can make a killing on the less-expensive phones in that model - since the subsidy amount is greater than the cost of the phone - but it gave T-Mobile incentive to ditch the model and pass on some of the savings to budget-conscious consumers. And ultimately, that's not such a bad thing for the carriers, but it is a bad thing if almost all the phones you sell are on the "more expensive" side, since you're now competing more directly on price. Having issues with, say, your gull-wing doors is not specific to electric cars. Same with the issues they're having with the Model 3 and suppliers not being able to meet the dates they want. (Drive units dying is specific to electric cars, but that's also likely to just be teething pains.) There's a lot more to a car these days than a power plant. The engine is, comparatively speaking, the solved problem for car reliability these days, at least in the first 100k or 200k miles. One of the most common characteristics of unreliable or fancy traditional cars is flaky electronic systems, as Telsa is as complicated as anyone there. A lot of buyers would too. Overall price premium, but lower immediate costs to keep up with the latest fashions. See: H&M, etc. It's the Surface Pro's killer app. Out of curiosity, since you label as Google as notorious for underpaying - something I haven't heard much elsewhere - what are some of the places that do pay appropriately? Interesting, thanks. Obviously it's a huge place, especially these days, but from talking to recruiters there in the 2013-present time frame about potentially going through their process at some point, "when people turn us down it's rarely for financial reasons" has been the sort of line I've been getting. But without actually going through the process and seeing if I got an offer / what the offer would look like, obviously that could just be talk -- though I've seen recruiters at some places just walk away "yeah we wouldn't be able to give you numbers you're looking for" when presented with some of the same info. I've never had trouble installing fairly up-to-date Ruby versions on Linux, but Mac OS X can become a disaster once you get into installing certain gems. I put this down to Apple more than Ruby, though, since Linux support hasn't let me down in the same way. > For a young adult in the current economic climate, the only way you're living in one of these cushy homes is if you're living with your parents. This is a very coastal/urban-centric view, IME. The large majority of my social circle growing up in suburban Dallas (a) still lives in suburban Dallas and (b) found a detached home before age 30 (if not 25). I moved away from the suburbs, and to a big coastal city, and so did almost "everyone I know" out here (with a lot of selection bias), but judging from that and housing prices in those crazy markets doesn't work for extrapolating to the country as a whole. Of the ones still living at home, I don't know anyone thinking "it would be just as cool to have my own place, so might as well save money." The causality is reversed: "I'm broke, so might as well save as much money as possible, and my parents' place is big." "Not cool" starts being a lot less relevant pretty quickly after getting out of college for most people, IME. Suburban houses are bigger than apartments. They're less noisy. They're more pet friendly. You have a garage for storage/workshopping/whatever. You have more space for starting a family. All those reasons still apply as much as they ever did, the big change from ten years ago to today is economic, not around coolness. How much higher do you think the incomes for most jobs are in big coastal areas? It tends to be "very little." That was my whole point. I may be a "typical" United States HN user paying thousands a month in rent, but "typical for HN" is a very small group, and "typical for millions and millions of other Americans" is something very different. > I guess the risk of fewer Taylor Swifts. Fewer Kany Wests. Fewer Oracles. Fewer Microsofts. Fewer Steve Jobs. Those are such small consequences that, to be honest, they might be additional benefits. Most of the public would consider those pretty enormous consequences. Heck, I'd be upset if I had to switch away from a MacBook Pro to a commodity-PC-hardware + Linux solution for personal use today, even without any of the other things that group of people and companies you mention have produced. And I'm a-ok with paying for those things, or paying other people for doing interesting things on top of those things. Maybe you think the risk of that actually happening is pretty small, but as-written, the consequences are actually pretty huge. Nvidia drivers in particular were terrible at first. Not directly related, but that comp ramp-up between years 1-4 and 4-6 seems similar to what I see at my current place, which is starting to cause some discontent and potential retention fun down the line, with people getting used to everything ramping up quickly initially and then slowing down once they get to a more mature level (and title changes get further apart too, since you're expected to do more and more at each role). Interesting to see similar numbers from elsewhere. "Big difference for example, between expert Python dev and expert C++ dev writing display drivers or graphics engines." I'd encourage you not to sell your earning potential short by negotiating against yourself like this. C++ display driver writers sound more impressive and might be in shorter supply, but so are the companies that need them. Even if it's legitimately harder! There are a lot of companies who bring in a lot of revenue off of web-stack stuff that need Python devs, and so are in a position where it makes sense for them to pay a lot for that skill set, and that's where the value side comes from. Isn't that an example where the market alone could solve that problem, without needing a noncompete? If you were paid 500K to build it, and what you learned makes you worth 1M to a competitor, how are you not worth 1M+ to your current employer? If all your current employer wanted was to get a head start in the market, they let you walk for the 1M. If you're still providing them great value and/or letting their competitor in on it would be worth more than that to them, they can beat the offer. Maybe you'd have separate reasons for wanting to leave (though "I want to reimplement the thing I just built again" doesn't seem to be the most common reason to leave a place), but in that case why are the company's reasons more important than your own, to the point that they should be legally protected? To illustrate how consensus-decision-making can be a tricky balance, I've been in a situation before where I was managing a team of a few other developers (about 50% hands-on myself) and so tried to stay away from being "the decider" since there were others closer to the code. The feedback my own manager shared with me that had been collected from my reports was that they appreciated what I was trying to do, but that they also wanted me to have a more active technical leadership/decision-making roles. What I'd failed to do was talk enough specifically with the rest of the team around what they wanted the roles to be, vs just assuming they'd want maximum autonomy. This will vary depending on composition of team, familiarity of the devs on the team with the problem area and stack, etc. It will also depend on if managers are expected to be almost-purely people-managers or if they're also expected to be domain knowledge leaders as well. There's no one-size-fits-all approach, but the thing I've seen that separates a good manager from a bad manager is being able to adjust their approach in things like that based on the situation vs sticking to a script. Yeah, picking the wrong abstraction too early also gives you "proven, reliable" code that's sometimes even harder to maintain. First example of this that occurs to me was an old Rails app I took over. We needed to migrate it up to modern versions of Ruby and Rails since it was getting harder and harder to support the old ones, and they were about to hit their maintenance end of lifes, but someone had extended the Rails framework stuff with their own extra layer. Now we had code that changed subtly with a new version of Ruby that was used in dozens of places for actually-somewhat-different things, so the fixes had to account for all those different ways it was being used too. Not a lot of fun, you can fix one endpoint but then have to make sure you don't re-break it with how you fix the next one... Seems like a nice piece of progress (if we can keep it continuing, instead of letting it die off again) that the idea is getting this much play in public to start with, compared to two years ago. Don't be too upset that people aren't sold right now, just keep pushing the conversation forward. Austin and Atlanta themselves definitely don't lean Republican. NC cities are reportedly getting much more Democrat-leaning as well, though I haven't kept in touch with the people I know Raleigh/Charlotte for a while. Remember this is the same Austin that Uber is decrying for over-regulation compared to other cities. A lot of people would honestly prefer to wait in a line (seems fair on the face of it, everyone treated the same, first-come-first-serve) then wait a less-transparent amount of time due to people willing to pay more to (effectively) jump them in line. How do you think people would react to grocery stores saying "oh, the checkout lines are long right now, everyone gets hit with an extra 20%!" The underlying mechanics are different, but that's kinda the customer experience it gives off. Around the messaging, to pull in idea from 'autokad's post, maybe just explicitly different peak/off-peak rates being advertised (like with energy) would make a big difference in feel. Their experiments in not even mentioning it's in surge seem like an improvement themselves—I don't want to know that I could be paying a lot less—some higher level of predictability to make it feel like a mature market/commodity could close the gap even more.