Stupid requirement that does nothing but discourage the use of other related MS services --- the ones MS actually earns money from. Your vote don't matter --- in half the cases. Half the states are already decided with near certainty. California is voting for the Democratice candidate, South Carolina is voting for the Republican. If you vote for or against the pre-determined candidates in these "one party" states --- your vote don't matter. The only case where your vote might matter is in a swing state. The really amazing (and illogical) thing would be if more than 50% voted. I'm not arguing against all voting. Just pointing why it doesn't matter in a lot of cases. In the cases where it does matter, vote. Google killed Mozilla --- by lulling them to sleep with the promise of easy money --- all while they worked hard to position themselves to take over their market share. Now the easy money is history, and so is their market. They're both "magic fairy dust". Melding code and data into an "object" is a natural thing to do --- in some cases. In others, it creates more problems than it solves. Similar holds true for functional programming. Bottom line --- there is no universal "right way" to develop software. LOL! Did the AI hire a patent attorney to file the application? Maybe the AI would like to sue the patent office to overturn this decision? What was that? Don't be absurd? My point exactly! Open source is only free if your time has no value. Just use Brave. It is more widely compatible with similar if not better privacy. ...if a person's skill can be validated... Just as important as skill is productivity. And both are more difficult to access remotely. Credentials have limited substance in the US labor market. In India they have even less --- in my experience. There is no way to sugar coat this --- India has a credibility deficit in my opinion which translates into additional management oversight required. Because at this stage of the game, "artificial intelligence" is still an oxymoron . It's really just a database developed through trial and error (aka "training") that we "hope" contains enough differentiating data points to produce a reasonable, weighted "best guess". I really think your approach is kinda inside out. The real question is, what are companies in India willing to do to gain credibility? Assembling a "warm body shop" doesn't add much. Pick a problem space to specialize in, assemble a competent team and develop an open source app for it. Then use this as "proof of work" for marketing purposes. You undoubtedly know Indian culture better than me --- what do you think is the most likely response to this sort of selection process? No one understands Indian culture better than Indians. I'm sure the marketplace will reward you with all that you earn and deserve. Best of luck and we'll see you out there. "Open source" is primarily a coding phenomenon. But an operating system is about more than just code. It is the central component of a computing ecosystem. And producing a viable, productive ecosystem requires much more than just open source code. It requires design, implementation, incentive and marketing. If code was all that was needed, Linux distros should be dominate by now. Instead, after 30 years of effort by some of the best and brightest and billions of lines of code later and the result is --- a big yawn from the general computing public. But, but, but Android. Well, Android isn't totally "open source" now is it? Key pieces of the ecosystem are not really "open" at all. And these key nuggets capture the incentive that propels the design, implementation and marketing forward. Bottom line --- it takes more than an engine to produce a best selling car. And likewise, it takes more than charity, good intentions, free labor and open source to produce a truly viable and popular operating system. My answer should be obvious. They are using what they feel best addresses their overall needs. And like the general computing public, their needs extend beyond the availability of source code. Haiku looks like an interesting project. I like the concept and the consistent design, but ... it is still missing one critical feature ... a viable business model. Linux is an example of what to expect without this critical piece. Decades of manhours from some of the best and brightest, millions of lines of code ... and a miniscule marketshare on the desktop. Yes, I know. Linux is most successful where only a shell interface is required. But this is not what Haiku is about. Haiku lacks a lot of features the Linux kernel has, but the overall system architecture and design is significantly cleaner and less fundamentally fragile. Yes, absolutely, spot on. But an OS does not exist on it's own. I'm afraid it will all be for naught unless you (or someone) has a viable business model to push the surrounding ecosystem forward. Dedicated, embedded, custom made, single purpose GUIs where the OS is buried so deep that most users will never find it. Again, not what Haiku is about. Small but still significantly more popular and vibrant on the desktop than Linux --- due to it's business model. It doesn't need one --- as long as it only aspires to be another hobbyist OS with a miniscule desktop user base. Linux was a starting point --- that it's gone well beyond, Please stop moving goalposts. I think we need to re-examine the playing field here. Correct me if I'm wrong but Haiku appears aimed strictly at the desktop as a general purpose OS. Cellphones, servers and embedded systems are all out of it's league --- and thus the success of Linux in these areas is not really relevant to the topic at hand. ...AFAIK would be more than 30M users. I would presume these are more technical users --- with a strong preference for open source. Does this sound like who your product is for? It is all about identifying your target market/audience. I thought DuckDuckGo was the working antidote to Google. It's hard to imagine what they can provide that will justify $10 a month. Just say "no" to Apple --- as most people already do. They have their captives, fans and "subscribers" but for most, their approach is a non-starter and has been for at least the last decade. I would simply call it deflecting responsibility. The question is too vague for a specific answer. For starters, how much do have to spend? 1) It's less likely to be abandoned. Flawed assumption. A $10 monthly fee may severely limit it's use --- and the less it is used, the more likely it is to be abandoned. Personally, I think a $10 annual fee would be more reasonable but finding the magic sweetspot between users and dollars is a market research topic. It's simply not realistic to expect highly accurate facial recognition from public surveillance cameras. Resolution is often lacking, angles are distorted, illumination is poor, people are moving, features are hidden or blurred, people wear hats, etc., etc.. Mug shots, maybe. Frame grabs from public surveillance, not very likely. So you want to grow a community of software developers? Or a community of software users? A "community" needs a place to congregate and communicate --- like Hacker News --- which you have obviously already discovered. Build a web site to host and dispense your content and post links to it here. There aren't many web sites tbat allow you to do this as freely and openly as here. Or you could build your own alternative. Take a look at dev.lemmy.ml Really, this all boils down to the age-old question of "buy versus build". The only way to completely control every aspect of your computing ecosystem is to build your own. Open source offers a convenient starting point but there is still a lot of work to be done to produce and maintain a fully comparable, equally integrated ecosystem. In other words, cost and compatibility are the typical sticking points to rolling your own. Do the benefits justify the expense? This is the ultimate value judgment to be answered. If nothing less than full control is acceptable, the answer should be obvious. The GPL is a system of perfect logic built on the foundation of a few flawed assumptions. Flawed assumption #1: Others will or can be compelled to share their code. Flawed assumption #2: Software is more or less independent of hardware. China has no real interest in sharing with the west and there is no legal system to compel them to do so. Software is a lot easier to produce than hardware. This gives hardware vendors (i.e. China) the upper hand in controlling the marketplace. For an example, see Android. Have you ever tried to replace or update the software on your phone without the hardware vendors input? It's not easy because the hardware vendor has control and no interest in allowing it. And they could easily make it all but impossible if it suited them. In other words, open source system software exists mostly to the extent that hardware vendors choose to allow it. Just because the PC platform has traditionally been fairly "open" doesn't mean it will always continue. In the history of computing, this is actually more of an aberration. If China decided to sell low cost closed hardware boxes with some proprietary variant of Linux, there isn't much Open Source could do about it --- which is exactly what we have here. "Why the ads" is not relevant enough to justify spending my time trying to figure it out. Just block ads and tracking in general and Google in particular. If DuckDuckGo can operate successfully without tracking, Google and their cling-ons can too. Figuring out how and why --- that's their problem, not mine. Google is mainly an annoyance, kind of like a parasite. If Google shut down tomorrow, any significant loss of functionality could be easily overcome by the end of the day for most people. The fingerprint is a hash of the visitors IP, User-Agent and a salt. So the fingerprint is not unique for vistors from a corporate network behind a NAT router where multiple individuals share the same public IP and use the same corporate mandated browser. In these cases, it's back to cookies --- unless you don't really care if your analytics are faulty or not. Or maybe just stick with cookies since it works in almost every case. It is difficult to build/create something you don't understand. A computer is just a playback machine for binary logic. We know that "intelligence" can create binary logic. We don't know if binary logic can create "intelligence". Claims that it is possible are really more "religious" than scientific at this point. All purely binary logic. It can't be anything more --- this is all the hardware understands. Life in general and your brain in particular may very well be more than "just chemistry". We really don't know. What we do know at this point is that no amount of "just chemistry" has ever managed to create even the most rudimentary form of "life" from inert chemicals. And the only working models we have for "intelligence" at this point are inextricably bound to life. Someone won an award for mathematically proving that a simple general purpose computer could be built from a handful of color coded wooden switches powered by a hand crank and programmed by punched tape. This simple analog device could run any possible binary logic program that could ever be created --- albeit much slower than a modern digital computer. In other words, this rudimentary analog logic playback device is every bit as "smart" as any other binary logic computer will ever be --- which is to say, not at all. There is quite a bit of evidence that your brain is analog, not digital. There is lots of evidence that it is both chemical and electrical in nature And while it is capable of logic, it does not rely strictly on any specific form of logic. In other words, the only working models we have for "intelligence" are nothing like the silicon binary switches we are attempting to use to replicate it. Are you suggesting life is supernaturally sustained? No. I am simply suggesting that creating life (and intelligence) from inert materals may involve more than "just chemistry". In the same way that lead can not be turned into gold by "just chemistry". I welcome knowledge and proof to the contrary but thus far, there is none. Nice straw man. A computer is not just a playback machine like a mechanical loom. What is it then? Magic? The fact that you don't understand how it works doesn't make it magical. Every program ever written for your desktop computer was ultimately "compiled" into a long series of simple binary logic operations that your computer blindly repeats at very high speed. For every set of inputs, it recreates the same output --- kinda like a loom mechanically weaves a particular pattern at high speed once it has been "programmed" using a set of punch cards not unlike those once used to program computers. No. It is not necessarily a claim that it can't be crossed, it is a claim that we currently lack the knowledge and resources needed to cross it. We haven't figured out how to travel faster than the speed of light. That doesn't necessarily mean it can't be done. But we currently lack the knowledge and resources needed to do it. Stating that it has yet to be done is a fact --- and facts are not ignorance What sort of discovery would count as "proof" to you? The ultimate proof is actually doing it. Start with nothing but inert materials and produce a new, unique form of living organism using "just chemistry". I'm not saying it can't be done, I am saying that thus far, it hasn't been done. And the reason it hasn't been done might be because "just chemistry" is an overly simplistic description of what is needed to actually achieve it. But feel free to prove me wrong. The only deeper point is that labeling it "just chemistry" may be a gross over simplification of what is required to actually achieve it. Dynamic = Binary Logic By it's nature, binary logic is "dynamic". A computer is just a playback machine for binary logic. Stating that it is "just chemistry" has no implications on whether it can be done, which was the claim being made. The fact that it has not been done with "just chemistry" is no proof but it does tend to skew the probabilities toward the view that substantially more may be required. What a gaudy abomination! A big part of it's functionality appears to be distracting the driver --- and impressing the boomers next door. Take most of the screen away, leave the bare essentials needed to successfully and safely operate the vehicle --- and then if you have additional pertinent info for the driver, convey it audibly or verbally. Just my opinion. In general, the value of any certification is inversely proportional to how many are awarded. If they are easy to get and lots of people have one (think liberal arts diploma), they're not worth much. For comparison purposes, you might look at other similar proprietary technical certifications that have been in the marketplace longer --- for example, RHCE or MCSE (now defunct). So he's going to build a big, beautiful firewall --- and let me guess, China is going to pay for it? Maybe the reason Trump hates China so much is envy. The mere fact that you have to ask this question suggests that an LLC is probably what you should be looking at. A C Corp is a fully standalone legal entity, seperate in every way from it's ownership. An LLC is a seperate entity primarily with regard to legal liability. Income for example, is still typically taxed as personal income of the owners. The real question is, can their stamp be trusted. From their privacy policy: We may also use cookies, device information and IP addresses, along with clear GIFs, cookies and third party services ... Sounds like just another privacy abusing data collector to me. Misuse of technology --- technology that actually detracts from usability. Provide essential info and control in the simplest possible manner. If you feel the need for additional gadgetry, use voice recognition and response --- something with minimal distraction from the essential task at hand. All "inc's" are not C-corps. I never said otherwise. I only addressed C corps because the question posed specifically asked about C corps --- not S corps. Yes, Python at the top is an instant loss of credibility. Meanwhile, China is investing so much that no one can even keep count. In short, science denial is based on emotion instead of facts. Most likely, because the only logical purpose of a "middle ground" is to create the illusion of financial backing that doesn't exist or can't be easily verified to exist. In other words, it's still a financial deception --- commonly known as a "scam". Attempting to sell part of a bridge that you may or may not own is still an illegal scam in most jurisdictions even though some may be "fine with it". Crypto investments are difficult to judge by the unsophisticated investor Correction: Crypto investments are impossible to judge by even the most sophisticated investor. The reason --- missing data, lack of transparency by unregulated exchanges. Highly dense storage is a nice goal but ultimately not very practical if the data can't be retrieved easily and quickly. The goods news, we have your data safely stored in a sugar cube. The bad news, it may take months to retrieve it. The first clue that you're going to have water problems are the steps leading down to your front door. You built a catch basin to live in. Second clue is it is made from concrete. Concrete by itself is not water tight. It can be made water tight but some significant effort is required. Just ask anyone who has ever built a basement. One of the virtues of living in a "cookie cutter" home that has been built hundreds of times --- most of the bugs have already been worked out. See the youtube example below. An underground home needs substantial strength to resist the weight of the soil all around it. Concrete is strong and cheap but porus --- not watertight. To make it water tight, you need a sealed membrane that extends all the way under the foundation. Otherwise, water/moisture will be seep up through the floor. Saturated soil surrounding your home will exhibit water pressure from gravity trying to force it into your home. The required moisture membrane is subject to being broken during construction or afterwards from settlement. Personally, if I was sold on the concept, I would look at the possibility of building up --- not down. Think of a tube open on the ends or a box open on one side but otherwise covered by a mound of soil. The foundation could rest on one big French drain system and this could be extended up the sides as well. This way, the force of gravity can pull water away from the home, not into it. Stupid question: Why does anyone really need this GPU? Does playing a video game in 8k make you a better player? Are your eyes sensitive enough to notice the difference over 4k or even 1080p? Is your reaction time fast enough to realise any advantage from ultra-high frame rate? Is your monitor even capable of keeping pace with an ultra-high frame rate? This looks like a replay of the desktop processor wars a few years ago. Does anyone really care anymore if your computer runs at 5ghz and doubles as a space heater? I've said all along, Linux on the desktop will happen once people don't care so much about the desktop. This day is almost upon us. To a lot of people, the web browser is the computer. Everything they do starts at google.com. What is likely to happen will be a lot like Linux on the phone --- Linux may be buried in there somewhere but most users won't recognize it --- or even care. If Android qualifies as a Linux victory, then a similar one may be on the way. Why is Google in the health care industry? For the same reason they are in any industry --- to invade privacy and sell advertising. Do you really want your health issues following you where ever you go on the internet? As usual, the hardware is way ahead of software. I would be very surprised if the same didn't apply to tech jobs in general, regardless of gender. In my experience, the half life of a STEM career is about 10 years. After 10 years, half the graduates are no longer doing STEM. Another 10 years and the numbers are cut in half again. The problem in the USA is not a lack of graduates; it is the retention of graduates --- attrition, by choice or otherwise. I would like to see a survey on the percentage of citizen employees over the age of 40 in tech jobs versus other fields. Speaking from personal experience, probably one of the most common things I saw were people starting their own businesses. A friend quit engineering to build high end custom furniture and has done quite well at it. Another started a landscaping company. He makes more money working fewer hours than he ever did in engineering. He now has about 10 crews that do the actual work. He just handles problems, makes sure equipment is repaired/working and everyone gets paid on time. My opinion, the problem is a cultural thing with US business. Engineering is viewed as a cost to be controlled; sales is viewed as a profit center to be nurtured. The explanation I heard over and over again was, "No one gets paid until something gets sold". My response was, "Nothing gets sold until something gets built". One is just as valid as the other but lots of America companies spend as much or more on sales and marketing than engineering --- and the results usually speak for themselves. If you're an end user --- don't buy Apple. If you're a developer --- don't build for Apple. Problem solved. So the solution to covert racial segregation is overt racial segregation? Who knew life was this simple? I understand the stated objective but the focus and tactics look a little short sighted and self limiting. This sort of specific social targeting generally leads me to start to question motives. How about just a bank that pledges to treat everyone fairly and equally ---regardless of race? It's possible to do all the same things and achieve all same goals (and maybe even more) without the strict racial focus. So why this route? Is there some objective here that I don't see; something left undisclosed? The missing piece; judging from the photos --- the suspension. Sure, a skate board will work --- if you don't mind bone jarring and teeth rattling. But I doubt most people will find that acceptable. There is nothing really new here for the auto industry --- they have been using multi-vehicle unibody for years. The Mount Everest of evolutionary biology is to create life from inert chemicals. Science assumes it's possible but has yet to prove it can be done. This may be a significant step in that direction. Nope. You could have evolved from microbes that arrived on an asteroid. Until someone actually does it --- creates life from inert chemicals, it remains an unproven assumption. Impractical temperature or impractical pressure Pick one. In a few decades, I'll probably be more enthused. Asking for government support is really an admission of failure. It is an admission that the open source concept cannot survive on it's own merit in the marketplace. It is asking government to pick winners and losers by way of funding, instead of the marketplace. What could possibly go wrong? Everyone knows that government lives on the cutting edge of technology and will always respond instantly to the open source community --- rather than say corporate donors and lobbyists. They would never demand things be steered in their direction. As they say, be careful what you wish for --- you just might get it. Good analogy. Both are dependent on low level sub-atomic physics. Yes, absolutely correct. If the marketplace controlled the interstate highway system, every on and off ramp would have a toll booth --- not to mention that the roadways would likely receive minimum upkeep. Some things are simply unworkable under the "free market" and transportation is one of these --- but software is not. COVID-19 is a national emergency, open source is not. Vaccines easily survive on their own merit in the marketplace. Government funding is being used to speed up the process and insure redundancy in case of failure. ARPANET is another questionable comparison. A world wide, failure proof network had never been done at the time so the military subsidized the basic research and development. Once the basic R&D was done, the funding ended. I would be inclined to support new, innovative R&D but I am not willing to pay taxes simply to clone existing commercial software. So back in 1990 and 1995, they compared GNU utilities to commercial utilities? And this is the proof that "free software" is more reliable??? Is it also proof that "free software" is several decades behind? Mozilla is a Google subsidiary whose job is to support and perpetuate the illusion of competition. In other words, silicon based binary logic playback devices will never be anything more than inanimate tools. Mozilla is a Google subsidiary whose job is to support and perpetuate the illusion of competition. Mozilla privacy policy is a lot like Google's --- sufficiently vague and opaque to allow them to violate user privacy whenever it's convenient. Don't buy Apple, don't build for Apple. Problem solved. I know it is hard to believe but the solution really is just this simple. There is no one "best" way to program. This is the pipeline of talent that companies need, right now. Why is there this persistent and well publicized need and effort to suck "kids" into this pipeline of well paying jobs? Maybe the answer lies on the other end of the pipe? Could it be because large numbers of these "careers" don't last beyond middle age for a multitude of reasons? Could this persistent shortage all be due to the less publicized fact that companies use up, burn out and dispose of STEM workers at an exceedingly high rate? Could it be that the career trajectory for STEM often resembles that of professional baseball with only a tiny fraction of the payout? Could it be that the realistic, overall perspective on these high paying "careers" isn't all rainbows and unicorns? I think the writing is on the wall for completely djfferent reasons: 1-Lack of funding and development progress. After 24 years, they're still not even close to version 1.0. 2-Microsoft is working toward Windows being freely available (zero cost). This dampens the motivation for an open source alternative. 3-Drivers for the latest hardware will always be an issue due to #1 above. Old code? Do you need to run 16 bit code under Win64? There are solutions for this. Here are a couple: https://github.com/otya128/winevdm https://www.dosbox.com/information.php?page=0 Are they? Yes. You can download, install and use Windows 10 for free (zero cost) from Microsoft's web site. The only issue is you can't customize the user interface and there is a watermark telling you to "Activate Windows" Why would they give that up? Competition from "free software". And because the "huge advantage" you speak of is non-existent. Azure has more Linux instances running than Windows. OS licensing to individual users is no longer a significant profit source. I don't see that happening anytime soon... Today, you can download, install and use Win10 for free (zero cost) from Microsoft's web site. https://beebom.com/get-windows-10-key-free-cheap/ They can make it infeasible to compete whenever they feel threatened. The alternative is Linux instances --- which Azure also provides. In fact, as I said, Linux instances outnumber Windows instances on Azure. If they have a huge advantage, the numbers don't show it. Amazon Web Services claims to host 57% of all Windows instances in the cloud. ....getting that they're working towards making in free? Win10X The biggest reason people don't vote in national elections in the USA --- in many cases, it is a senseless exercise with zero impact on the outcome. Example: A Republican vote in a heavily Democratic state will have zero impact on the outcome --- and vice versa. It is only in a handful of "swing" states where your vote is likely to have any real impact. South Carolina is voting Republican, California is voting Democratic. I'm not psychic, just realistic. The outcome is not in doubt. Vote or not, the results will be the same. So the biggest privacy invader on the planet has launched a VPN --- to make your browing more private??? I can't decide whether to laugh or cry. Great idea --- but severely lacking in one crucial area --- manufacturing. And everyone can see this at a glance. The only way this will have any significant impact over the long run is by teaming up with a competent, modern hardware manufacturer. It takes more than software to make a great phone. The world's biggest privacy invader is offering a VPN --- for privacy??? ROTFLMAO Privacy --- by routing all your network traffic through Google's server??? Really? It's impossible to underestimate the stupidity of the herd. Moooow. Is this how Kim Peek does it? I don't think so. He probably doesn't even know how he does it --- it just happens instinctively. Did life on earth "evolve" from inorganic chemicals or did some essential components just drop from the sky. The common assumption is the former but until someone shows it is possible, it remains an unproven assumption. Either way, we are made from stardust. Not easier and here is why --- virtually everyone already has a bank account or credit card and is fairly familiar with the fiat money system. There is essentially no learning curve with Stripe. Not true with bitcoin. The article was just showing how easy it is for a merchant to accept Bitcoin payments. It may be easy to accept but for most merchants bitcoin is still just too risky. Merchants are in business to make money. They are not inclined to watch their funds evaporate due to the whims of the bitcoin "marketplace". I am writing this post on a Moto G3 play running e/os. The user interface is simplistic and kinda reminds me of iOS. I don't miss Google apps at all. First and foremost, Google is an advertising company. And this is reflected in everything they do. The idea that Google is a technology company --- is really just another marketing facade. Their technology is only as good as it has to be to further their advertising objectives. Any product they offer is subject to the whims of their advertising needs. All of which leads to the current state of affairs. You wouldn't expect "free" technology or data storage from a restaurant. And you shouldn't expect it from an ad company either. Any disappointment here is really a reflection of unrealistic expectations and naive acceptance of Google's marketing hype. Trump is such an idiot. There are lots of ways to make drilling and exploiting this wildlife area unprofitable. Little known secret --- there is very little "intelligence" in current AI. Supply and demand --- as always, a vicious circle. A big factor is age discrimination. Companies prefer to hire younger developers. This drastically decreases supply. Are salaries really that expensive once you factor in that the typical dev career is probably over by age 40? Accountants earn less but their career lasts a lifetime. So the biggest privacy invader on the planet is going to encrypt your messages for you? Really? Teaching your kid to code is this generation's version of teaching your kid to type. If you can type 40 words per minute, you can always find a job --- that's what they said. Sure, there are devs over 40 --- there are always exceptions to every rule. 20 years ago, there were just as many young devs as there are today. I know because I was there. I also know that 20 years ago, there weren't very many (comparatively speaking) over the age of 40 --- just like today. Age discrimination in tech fields is not even debateable. Fraud. Crypto exchanges are not regulated which makes fraud not only possible but highly likely. https://cryptobriefing.com/tether-bitfinex-must-stand-trial-... Ignorance runs deep in America --- and coal country is no exception. Trump just took advantage of the situation --- making promises that people wanted to hear with no intent to deliver. The truth --- the times they are a changin' and no politician can stop it. What really killed the coal industry is fracking and cheap natural gas --- which by the way, Trump is also a big fan of. Less pollution and less cost --- sold! So which side of Trump's lying mouth sounds sweeter to your ignorant ears? Or are you ready for some truth now? Not yet --- but there is always hope. The fastest way to get me to not use a product is to plaster the name "Google" on it. Does anybody really like privacy invasion and advertising? This is baked into everything they do. Bitcoin is a fraud. It is totally ineffective as a currency --- for a long list of reasons. It's main utility is speculation. But this too is a fraud due to the fact that the speculation is managed, controlled and manipulated by unregulated exchanges which operate without oversight or transparency and with blatant and inherent conflicts of interest in some cases. The fact that bitcoin is a lousy currency is inherent in it's design. Transactions simply cannot be processed quickly or cheaply in large volumes. Don't take my word for it, look it up. The fact that crypto "exchanges" are unregulated black boxes is well known but feel free to look this up too. If fraud is easy, someone will do it. To wit, a case pending in Supreme Court of the State of NY. https://cryptobriefing.com/tether-bitfinex-must-stand-trial-... A chain is only as strong as the weakest link and in the bitcoin marketplace, the weakest link is what happens in these "exchanges". Not just my opinion but also that of the Attorney General for the state of NY. Is it self balancing or self defeating? Time will tell but the answer should already be obvious. Mining fees decrease over time and eventually disappear --- taking security with it. It is not only possible but also likely that at some point, the majority of remaining miners will be controlled by one entity. The worst case scenario for "investment" is if government doesn't do anything but ignore bitcoin and allow it to fail under it's own weight --- taking your "investment" with it. Ponzi schemes are built on misplaced and misguided trust and designed to benefit early investors at the expense of those who follow. Your simple minded strategy virtually guarantees that you will be a follower. The problem I see is the assumption of a uniform distribution. The problem spaces I normally deal with involve clumps of data, not really uniform except within each clump. It's often possible to do "better" by tuning something toward the data set. Finding something that is always better is hard. One thing I have done is a double binary search. Store prefixes and suffixes seperately. A binary search of the prefixes identifies the suffix clump to search with a binary search. This involves a slight increase in storage --- each prefix needs a suffix pointer. But maybe I will now try an interpolation search on the suffixes. LOL! The concept of "fail" clearly eludes you. When it is discovered that Chinese interests have assumed functional control of bitcoin mining and are using it to perpetrate widespread fraud, all bitcoin trading and contracts will be frozen. Just one possible failure scenario. It will be impossible to extract anything from the "marketplace" because it will evaporate back into the ether from which it sprang. Your "faith" in bitcoin is based on an unfounded assumption --- that crypto "exchanges" are financially stable, reputable and trustworthy institutions similar to the regulated securities markets. They are none of the above in my judgement. They regularly engage in what would be considered illegal fraud in more reputable markets. And they are fully prepared to fold up shop and disappear in an instant if need be. "I see no reason for [Ponzi scheme] to stop growing" --- said everyone who has ever invested in a Ponzi scheme. LOL! It's the proverbial goose that lays golden eggs --- with a modern AI twist. If you really had such a creature, why would you tell others about it? If Donald Trump really had a secret way to get rich in real estate, would he sell it to you --- or use it himself? This only proves that millennials like technology ... but they don't really understand it ... or markets. China controls over 60% of bitcoin mining. Effectively, they own the bitcoin network and can assume authoritarian control over it at any time they choose to do so. Also, the crypto "exchanges" are opaque, unregulated black boxes --- nothing like the regulated stock and currency markets. In effect, this makes fraud and manipulation not only easy but likely. https://cryptobriefing.com/tether-bitfinex-must-stand-trial-... Why should I learn blockchain? What real world problem have you solved using blockchain that can't be done easier/cheaper/faster using a more conventional data store? Isn't private blockchain really an oxymoron? And a public blockchain really needs some method of funding/reimbursement --- like cryptocurrency. Otherwise, why would a "community" devote resources to the overhead of a blockchain? Without significant "community" resources and commitment, a blockchain can lack trust and thus start to wither and die. In other words, aren't the "social engineering" aspects of a practical blockchain just as significant (if not more so) than the technical ones? Aside from a few niche areas like cryptocurrency, isn't blockchain really a solution in search of a problem? Fuchsia is an open source effort to create a production-grade operating system that prioritizes security, updatability, and performance. Notice that privacy is not one of the priorities. The odd thing about privacy.com is that in order to use it, you have to surrender all privacy. You are required to provide them full access to your bank account. Yes. When they decided to give you the printer but sell the ink for $1000 per gallon. This is what happens when you let accountants make business decisions. I'm sure it looked like a real golden opportunity at the time. But what it actually did was kill the home printer business --- or at least most of it. Now, most home printers aren't worth having. Just a wild guess on my part --- but I doubt she understands that 60% of bitcoin mining takes place in China. Just one of a number of things about bitcoin that I doubt she really understands. I don't think she should be teaching anyone about bitcoin. Nice simple forwarding service. I need something slightly more complex --- I want store and forward/routing/hub mailbox with API control. I need API access to obtain sender and destination address of mailbox item and then decide how to dispense with it, either delete, retrieve or forward to a different destination. "Destination" may involve dozens of addresses. Reply address may be changed. To minimize storage and costs, any item over 24 hours old can be deleted. I want to integrate email management and routing services as part of my client service package. My clients have a lot of hourly employees that they need to communicate with but for privacy reasons, they don't necessarily want to use a corporate or private email address. For example, a manager may want to use his private phone to send an email to a group of employees. Any replies would be routed to his secretary at the office --- with all addresses remaining semi-anonymous. My software will handle all this with the help of your service. I currently have several hundred clients with a total of over 20,000 employees. In other words, this all strictly opt in --- no marketing. Will do. I could probably do it with mailgun but there would be a lot of unnecessary data tranfer. In many cases, I don't really care about what is in the body of the email, I just want to re-address and re-direct. I can get the info I need to do this from just the address headers. Translation: Phasing out 3rd party cookies the right thing to do for Google. In other words, Google is securely implanted in the industry and any "3rd party" tracking needs to be done through their "services". Bitcoin is totally ineffective as a real world currency. By design, the max transaction rate is about 7 per second. Visa says their transaction rate is better than 60000 per second. Fiat currency is going to be around for while. The only thing bitcoin is really effective at is speculation and manipulation by unregulated exchanges. For the rest of the world , the bitcoin economy may become a weapon to dethrone the dollar Hundreds of thousands of transactions in US dollars occur all around the world every second of every day. Bitcoin can't even handle the currency transaction needs of a large shopping mall. The bitcoin blockchain is limited to about 7 transactions a second. A cryptocurrency of some sort may eventually become a threat to the US dollar but bitcoin is clearly not it. The important bit is that bitcoin is not technically capable of being a threat to the US dollar or any other major currency. As currency for use in real world transactions, bitcoin is a huge step backwards. In a shopping mall scenario, most people would already have open channels with their favorite stores, similar to how store credit cards work today. I don't have any "store credit cards". Too cumbersome --- and so are "open channels". Nice try but this will likely be self defeating. Fewer people willing to work as waiters and a decline in the quality of service equates to fewer customers and less profit. My biggest concern is the fact that "exchanges" are completely unregulated. Crypto fans operate under the assumption that these marketmakers are stable, honest and trustworthy --- like the regulated stock and currency markets. This is not assured in any way --- and neither is the assumption that Tether is backed by dollars. Tether is just one example of how "exchanges" can easily manipulate the market and traders they pretend to serve. Just one of many ways to lose your investment in crypto. The company is called "apple", not "fruit". The only thing that gives the right to oppose "fruit" is their financial ability to hire more lawyers. Bitcoin is crypto version 1.0. Don't ever buy version 1.0 unless you want to be a beta tester. The very laws of physics imply that artificial intelligence must be possible. Einsteinian Physics or Quantum Physics? Maybe the problem with trying to create "intelligence" is that we don't really understand the physics that makes "intelligence" work. At this point, we're really just intelligence "alchemists" --- we keep putting binary logic in and just hoping that by pure dumb luck something will pop out and surprise us. Thus far, it hasn't. The primary overriding misconception about Bitcoin: "Unregulated crypto exchanges are stable, trustworthy and honest --- just like regulated stock and currency markets". https://ag.ny.gov/press-release/2019/attorney-general-james-... Yes, I'm sure about this. Coming soon to a smartphone near you --- The Trump Channel. Streaming derangement and lies 24/7 --- all for only $19.99 a month. Only in America. Maybe Elon Musk should have a discussion with Jack Ma. https://e.foundation/ Google is a top 10 contributor to the Linux kernel. By your definition, Linux is not "entirely free of Google" either. e/OS removes any Google dependencies or contact with Google services. The objective being to eliminate any Google knowledge of, contact with or control over the operation of the device. This is about as "Google free" as it gets. This post was made using a Moto G4 Play running e/OS. Short answer --- for the same reason tulip bulbs had a lot of value back in the 1600's. I am definitely not a Google fan but this complaint is just a little absurd. They don't want Google to use their content. Fair enough, Google stops using their content. They complain again leaving one to conclude that what they really want is a cut of Google's revenue model --- amount to be set by them. Next stop, simply abandon the Australian market as unworkable --- which I'm sure will produce further complaints. At that point, perhaps Google can negotiate a payment to stay. I suggest half the amount of taxes Google currently pays in Australia --- payable to said content creators. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes. Visually slick but not particularly fast. Trump pardoning rioters would essentially seal the deal as far as his full ownership and responsibility for the insurrection He assembled and incited the crowd. Refused to take any action to stop them. Why not add pardoning them for their crimes --- just to remove any possible doubt as to who is the head of this seditious snake. This would undoubtedly figure prominently in his upcoming senate trial. If Google and Facebook don't like it, tbey can move operations offshore --- out of the country, More band-aids indictive of an inadequate desjgn. Wake me up when Bitcoin's primary function, utility and real world impact is something more practical and positive than speculation and energy consumption. If anything they need to be reigned in as they decimate foreign media. How does directing traffic to a media site "decimate" it? If such is detrimental, then Australian authorities should be happy to see it stop, no? They are not. https://news.trust.org/item/20210114053955-8glv8 It's decimating but they don't want it to stop? What?!? Basically, they just tipped their hand. This shows that what we really have here is a sad display of an attempted and targeted shakedown of foreign entities by Australian government. Media impact is the best justification they could derive -- or were somehow influenced to derive. By the way, I am no fan of either Scroogle or Facecrook. But the idea that they are collecting $ billions at the expense of Australian media content (aka Rupert Murdock) is absurd. If content theft was really the issue, existing laws could/would be applied to address it. It is a pile of good-enough solutions... The real problem is that the foundation of Bitcoin is not good enough to ever function as a practical, real world currency. And over a decade of development and use has produced little evidence to the contrary. Bitcoin's main function remains speculation. ... whether a country's media institutions can ask Facebook and Google to pay. They can ask --- and Google/Facebook can refuse --- by de-listing these "media institutions" from search results. Sound fair? But this is not what is happening here. Australia is making Google and Facebook a mafia style offer that they can't refuse. The only way to avoid paying is by leaving the country altogether. This is where it becomes a "free trade" issue. What they are proposing is essentially a tariff --- a unique, special, unavoidable and highly targeted tax on these particular US companies just to legally operate in the country. All this aside, what is really happening is Murdoch wants a cut of their profits without having to compete for it. Subject so-called "stable coins" to audits to verify that they are indeed fully backed as claimed. If this cannot be verified, it is effectively fraud and subject to prosecution. Do this and watch bitcoin freefall. The flow of Tether into Bitcoin generally correlates to the rise in price... Tether is being used to manipulate bitcoin up and down. https://ag.ny.gov/press-release/2019/attorney-general-james-... https://www.forbes.com/sites/robkniaz/2020/12/16/the-problem... Google and Facebook --- avoid whenever possible. Posted using a de-Googled Moto G4 Play running e/OS. Did these researchers review their financial records? I don't think so. If Tether is really backed as they claim, why not prove it to the AG of NY? Instead they delay and obscure as they mint tethers and inflate bitcoin. https://bitcoinwarrior.net/2021/01/deltecbank-reveals-huge-p... Can your narrative handle the fact that they are already backing away from the claim that Tether is 100% backed by USD? https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2019-04-30/tether-sa... There is little to no regulation in crypto. This makes fraud not only possible and easy but also highly probable. No, they haven't. And their offshore bank has already admitted that reserves are invested in bitcoin. https://crypto-telegraphs.com/2021/01/20/bitfinex-claims-its... https://www.fxstreet.com/cryptocurrencies/news/tether-awaits... Bitcoin pump and dump. 1) Slowly accumulate bitcoin. 2) Mint stable coins and "loan" them to certain big customers (i.e. players in this scheme). Note that the only "backing" of these coins is just a promise --- not USD. 3) Big customers/players use "loaned" stable coin to buy bitcoin --- thus inflating bitcoin price. 4) Small investors/speculators see rising bitcoin and jump in to buy inflating price even more. 5) All together now --- sell bitcoin at inflated prices. Profit! 6) Stop minting and "loaning" stable coins. Bitcoin drops. Naive small investors get screwed. 7) Repeat at step 1. What facilitates this scheme is people accept the fiction that the stable coin is 100% backed by USD. Doing this in any "regulated" market would subject you to a huge fine, prison time or both. I don't disagree. Google is synonymous with privacy invasion. The fastest way to convince me not to use a product is to put the word Google on it. What I do disagree with is the Australian approach. For instance, privacy is ignored. If I understand correctly, privacy issues are not addresses in any way, shape or form and would remain as-is under their proposal. So what we're left with looks more like a good old-fashioned, heavy handed, targeted, mafia style shakedown of a foreign company that would hand Rupert Murdock a slice of Google profits without him having to compete for it. This is not free trade or free enterprise and just begs for similar protectionist retaliation against Australian interests. Fair enough if they never plan to conduct commerce with foreign entities. Otherwise, they are just shooting themselves in the foot in the long run. Sounds like a great way to encourage similar retaliation against Australian exports. Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. What prevents an amoral entity from being evil? Lack of motivation perhaps? I guess the issue here is that it's the Australian government standing up for one American multinational against another American multinational. How thoughtful of them to take an interest /s. Murdock and company totally dominate Australian media. His roots and influence there are much deeper and more pervasive than in America. Risk analysis. In other words, lack of motivation. Google is a moral company, which does evil. I guess I'm just a little simplistic and old fashioned. Where I come from, doing evil makes you evil. Surprise! Your phone is really a tracking device. Google = Privacy invasion No surprise, just more of what they always do --- mind your business. Posted using a de-Googled Moto G4 Play running e/OS. Sorry, blockchain is still a solution in search of a real world problem. Stock trades happen in real time or as close to it as possible --- and at extremely high volumes at times. Any delay can cost someone a lot of money. No one wants to wait for a blockchain to try and reach a consensus. No one waits days to buy/sell stocks. Average execution time with the top brokers is a fraction of second. https://www.brokerage-review.com/investing-firm/broker-trade... Nowadays, the underlying instrument (i.e. a fancy piece of paper) rarely ever changes hands. It's possible to get it (with some delay) but most people don't bother. The digital/electronic record of the trade and the transfer of monetary funds between accounts is generally sufficient to establish ownership and both happen in near real time under SEC regulations between registered brokers. Basically, if the cross checked double entry accounts of buyer, seller and their brokers all agree that the trade took place, that is good enough for most folks and the SEC. Day traders can and often do buy and sell a stock multiple times in a day without delay. The fastest way to convince me not to use a product is to put a Google label on it. Posted using a de-Googled Moto G4 Play running e/OS. I have my phone set to dark mode. It is clearly the way god intended smart phones to work --- increased backlight and battery life. Unfortunately, god deviated from this plan once he heard the devil preferred dark. So being strictly anti-devil, he designed the rest of the universe around the production and detection of light, not dark. The human eyeball got caught up in this anti-pattern too. Investing in China is really a leap of faith. China does not play by western rules. It's not just another IPO. These investors gambled on an unusual situation beyond their control --- and lost. Apples and Oranges --- a good portion of MS cloud revenue is from hosting MS apps which AWS doesn't really compete in. Why buy it when you can clone it for free? Applecoin? Apparently, I'm not in the 30 cities that are accurate. Used Magic Earth on my phone which is based on OSM. The very first address I input was off by about a mile. Didn't exactly inspire a lot of confidence. Bitcoin is Crypto 1.0. There are better ways to do this. But people remain infatuated with Bitcoin. He keeps calling bitcoin a 'scam', without defining what entity is perpetrating this scam. A more appropriate question would be, "Who is not perpetrating the scam?" Crypto and the exchanges are unregulated --- which means that anyone and everyone can get in on the scam. Example of a bitcoin "pump and dump" scam. The pump --- "Famous wealthy entrepreneur" announces with much fanfare that he bought a large quantity of bitcoin. The dump --- "Famous wealthy entrepreneur" sells said large quantity of bitcoin after the price increases 20% in reaction to his announcement. I am not saying this scam is what happened. I am saying there is nothing currently in place to prevent this sort of scam from happening. Do this with any regulated security and "famous wealthy entrepreneur" would be in legal trouble. Instead, he is scamming naive crypto "investors" for fun and profit and daring the SEC to take action to stop it. A critical point missing from the article --- bitcoin and the "exchanges" which form the crypto marketplace are _ not regulated _ by government. This makes the crypto markets very fertile grounds for both sophisticated wholesale manipulation and simple scams that would never be tolerated in "regulated" security markets. One of the simplest and most popular scams is the "pump and dump". For example: The pump --- A famous, wealthy entrepreneur announces with much fanfare that he has just purchased a large quantity of bitcoin. This enourages naive "investors" to purchase too driving the price up 20%. The dump --- Famous wealthy entrepreneur then sells his large quantity of bitcoin and realizes a 20% gain. If famous wealthy entrepreneur did this in a "regulated" market, he would find himself in legal trouble. If you don't understand how these scams work, _ you _ are most likely one of the people being scammed. I guess the main point where we disagree is on the order of importance. Until you fully grasp the inherent risk in any _unregulated_ investment scheme, you really shouldn't get started with it. Public blockchains are massively multiclient, open state databases Only 2 small, little problems. 1) Who needs this --- other than cryptocurrency? 2) Who pays the operating cost --- other than cryptocurrency? Bottom line --- Blockchain is a solution tailored to a unique problem that only cryptocurrency has. The fact that IBM failed to grasp this before jumping on the bandwagon does nothing but further erode confidence in IBM. Have you considered investing in a few low cost adapters? Keyboard and mouse are low speed devices that have little to gain from moving to USB-2 or USB-C. I'm sure they will eventually but there is no urgent rush. Things like KVM switches tend to be low margin and target the lowest common/practical denominator in the marketplace. The manufacturers won't retool on a whim. How to create one super successful email client. - Support IMAP IDLE - Support all the major business platforms: Web, Windows, Mac, iOS, and Android. - Support email encryption on a one off basis as needed. Nothing fancy just encrypt the email with AES256. Don't worry I'll get the key to the reipient. Why this would be super successful. 1) It would eliminate instant messaging for most business use. 2) Consistency, simplicity and ease of support. 3) Contrary to popular opinion, 99 percent of business communication is not super secret stuff. It doesn't warrant the complexity of full time end to end encryption. But it is nice to bave it readily available for the 1 percent where it is really needed. And yes, I have used K9 personally and I will support it but it doesn't begin to meet my business needs. IDLE and NOTIFY kinda work together don`t they? In any case, all I really need is "instant" notification of new messages. Delta Chat has a lot of good stuff. What I need and what I think most businesses need is Delta Email instead of Delta Chat. Yes, and these are welcome improvements. Unfortunately, they only apply to Android with K9. K9 would be much more popular if businesses could simply tell employees, "Use K9 for mail" or even "Use K9 for mobile email". I think business doesn't actually want Email, it wants NNTP Or how about just an email client with better support for mailing lists? The SMTP protocol supports multiple recipients adequately enough --- it's the client software that could stand some improvement to make it easier to apply/use. Apple's inadequacy doesn't have to be universally applied. You only have to "file" a federal tax return once a year. What you are obligated to do is pay estimated taxes due at least quarterly. If you don't do this, you will have to pay a penalty when you "file" at the end of the year. But, since current interest rates are near zero, the penalty is usually small and the IRS will even figure it for you and left you know the amount you owe. My advice, forget the accountant, do your own taxes, pay everything due at that time (except the penalty) and let the IRS work the rest out and get back to you as they see fit. Sales tax is a different animal that varies based on where you live. I'm no fan of Google and Facebook. But I'm also no fan of this government attempt at extortion. Basically, this law singles out these two companies and requires them to enter into a binding contract at a rate set by others. This was a mafia style deal that government thought they couldn't refuse --- but I guess they were wrong. Say whattt??? The problem I see is --- Joe Public won't grok this. But it never stopped Bitcoin so who knows. From 17 years ago, I never bought in to the privacy destroying, echo chamber, feedback loop that was Facebook. Most of my friends ignored my advice and dove in head first anyway. Sharing family photos with people you don't really like that much was just too hard to resist. Over the last few years, I've noticed a steady trickle of these people who have become disenchanted with the platform and have said as much. But very few have actually given in up. My conclusion --- Facebook is an addiction not unlike smoking. People know it's not healty but still they persist. I'm glad I never started the destructive habit. The only practical, real world application for bitcoin is speculation and market manipulation. Oh, and it's profitable for power companies. As an engineer is want to do, Musk is simply making the best possible use of it. The standard response is K9. https://k9mail.app I am looking for an email client that works with both iOS and Android with support for encryption on an as needed basis. Why? Why stop Bitcoin? Bitcoin is no threat to government or fiat currency. All government has to do to stop Bitcoin is --- nothing. Simply wait and allow reality to sink in. Under no circumstances should government move to regulate the Bitcoin "market". Nor should they allow government insurance programs (FDIC, NCUA) to be applied to Bitcoin in any way. Regulation would do nothing but add respect and credibility --- things that are otherwise sorely lacking. This is not to say that the fraud that is occurring with so called "stable coins" should not be prosecuted. Exposing this will directly impact the Bitcoin market but it is not regulating the market. All of the above should be prosecuted if it can be shown that they are not fully backed or cannot be fully redeemed as claimed. https://breakermag.com/tether-now-admits-its-not-fully-backe... Because that is the law --- at least in the USA. Income / profit is taxable --- regardless of source. I drew no conclusion. I said, "if it can be shown ...". It's true that I haven't studied DAI --- because I haven't felt any need to. I know how to buy currency that is every bit as stable as DAI and much more widely accepted and easily redeemable --- just buy USD. Have you studied DAI? Are you sure that their algorithmic trading works the way they claim it does? How did you verify this? Most "stablecoins" are built on trust of some sort at some level. Until someone audits them, you really have no idea if that trust is warranted. https://www.fxstreet.com/cryptocurrencies/news/if-tether-fal... Who knows how long it will take for people to realize that fraud is being openly conducted in the Bitcoin market. Example: Famous wealthy entrepreneur loudly and publicly announces a large purchase of bitcoin. The price of bitcoin jumps 20% as a result. Famous wealthy entrepreneur sells bitcoin and realizes a 20% gain. This is called a "pump and dump" scam and if done in any "regulated" market, famous wealthy entrepreneur would be in legal trouble. I'm not really sure why Musk is promoting it though. Profit. Look up "pump and dump". True. But since most bitcoin mining is taking place in China, there isn't much other countries can do about it. You mean kinda like smoking pot on camera? And risk? What risk? With crypto, there is no risk because the market is "unregulated". There are dozens (probably hundreds, maybe thousands) of "pump and dump" crypto scams operating openly on the internet. Here is one. https://bigpumpsignal.net/ https://t.me/bigpumpsignal True but most derivatives are based on an asset of some sort with real world value. It is not speculation based solely on the speculation that others will continue to speculate. It still comes down to trust. Who/what do you trust more? 1) Government and regulated institutions. 2) Technology and non-regulated institutions. It amazes me that people who don't trust government will trust an "exchange" to tell them how much their crypto is worth. Especially after a number of these unregulated "exchanges" have proven to be untrustworthy. "Tether’s claims that its virtual currency was fully backed by U.S. dollars at all times was a lie," New York Attorney General Letitia James said https://www.thestreet.com/investing/new-york-ag-shuts-down-b... It's hard to hide evidence of evil as you're doing evil. In my opinion, it is not possible to avoid trust issues when dealing with currency. And technology is no solution. So it comes down to who/what do you trust more? 1) Government and regulated institutions. 2) Technology and non-regulated institutions. It amazes me that people who don't trust government and banks will trust an anonymous "exchange" to hold their crypto and tell them how much it is worth and maybe even allow them to exchange it on request. Especially after a number of these unregulated "exchanges" have proven to be untrustworthy. No way they could commit fraud, right? That is simply unthinkable for some people. It is a major and potentially costly mistake to assume that unregulated institutions will operate with the same integrity as regulated ones. Look up "front-run". In regulated markets, this is illegal. But not so in unregulated crypto. "Exchanges" are free to commit this and lots of other forms of client fraud. You can't beat them so the only alternative is to join them --- start your own "exchange" and rip off the plebes. Client orders will provide invaluable insight for your own trading. If things start going the wrong way, you can always "engineer" a crash or simply refuse exchanges. What are the stupid traders going to do, sue you? If you play the game right, they won't even be able to find you. By running your own exchange, you really can't lose. Closing thought --- government exists for a reason. One of the interviewers even laughed ... They obviously know something that you don't --- like the fact that you can't pay rent or buy food with BTC --- because (wait for it) --- it's not a real, practical functioning currency. This is a philosophical question regarding "value". Even a pathetic stock like GME has some "value" due to a manifestation of assets, income and growth/earnings potential. An yes, irrational beliefs and expectations can play a role in determining this "value" as well. Bitcoin is nothing but electrons. It has no real world manifestation at all --- no assets, income or growth. It provides no real world function. It's value is derived purely from recursive speculation --- the idea that ever more people will come to speculate in the speculation thus perpetuating it and driving the speculated "value" ever higher. As they used to say in school, it should be "intuitively obvious" that this game of musical chairs can't and won't continue forever. At some point, reality will intrude and all that will be left is a pathetic, non-functional excuse of a currency that almost no one uses to buy anything in the real world. What makes you think he still owns bitcoin? He may have sold it all once the price moved up 20% following his very public announcement. In regulated markets, this sort of thing is called a "pump and dump". I have tried telling them this here and they seem to downvote me very quickly. Don't hurt bitcoin. Has anyone actually bought Monero and then successfully redeemed it for USD? What was the exchange rate/fee? If Monero is really as private as is claimed, this is a money laundering dream. Absolutely despise digital displays and touch screen controls in cars. Driving is an analog endeavor that demands focus and intuitative feedback. Nothing beats analog controls for this in my opinion. The only thing digital I really want in a car is a Bluetooth hookup to the sound system. If more "digital" feedback is needed, do it verbally. I have two banking apps that run just fine under it. Your mileage may vary. How about a new Moto G7 Plus for say $185 with screen protector and case with $5 going to /e/ foundation to continue development. Here is the proposed /new/ hardware: https://m.gsmarena.com/t_mobile_revvlry+-9764.php I use one of these myself as a daily driver and have done several for friends and family so I have the flashing part down. I have toyed with the idea of turning this over to my grandson as a business for college spending money. I replace some of the default apps with better non-tracking, privacy focused alternatives such as Brave browser and TwinMe for video calls and instant messaging. Note: Your iOS friends will like TwinMe too. Any interest in going turn key "Google free" at this price point? The goal is for my grandson to net $50 per phone. Any less is not worth the time and effort required. So one of the biggest privacy invaders on the planet is charting a course towards "privacy first"? If you believe this, maybe you would like to buy a bridge? "Privacy first" is Google-speak meaning "the first thing we do is eliminate your privacy". The "easy installer" has very limited hardware support at this time. The first time I followed the install guide , I ended up with a "hard brick" --- wouldn't even power up. Contrary to popular opinion, it is possible to recover from this but it does take time, effort and determination. As a result of my experience, I made suggested changes which were incorporated into the guide for my device. ... possibility that "targeted" ads don't actually work that much better than non-targeted ones They don't and here is why --- if you search but don't purchase through a Google ad, you're likely to still see ads for the item following you all across the internet for months after you made a purchase elsewhere. This does nothing but annoy the user. Bitcoin is Crypto ver. 1.0 There are better ways to do this but those invested in Bitcoin resist change in the same way that people invested in fiat resist crypto. It would trigger a mad scramble among religious cults to reconcile this with their self centered view of the universe. But not to worry, being free of logical constraints means there is always some way to justify anything. By his own admission, Abraham; the patriarch of the Bible, was a con artist. God punished Pharaoh for Abraham's deceit. What "good lesson" should we learn from this? Get a study bible. A "study Bible" has one purpose --- to sell you on the religion. It's like asking the salesperson about a used car. The ancient people who wrote the Bible were scientifically illiterate and their writings prove it. As an example, they believed the earth was flat and the sky was a solid dome (the "firmament" per the KJV) that separated the "waters above" from the "waters below". This "sky dome" was held in awe as proof of god's power. But not only did they believe this, they doubled down on it by trying to build a tower to reach the dome. And of course, god was offended by their ignorance and punished them. Now check your study Bible for the completely modern, white washed reinterpretation of all this. They’re written by believers for believers. Yes. They start with an assumption --- and then work to justify it --- ignoring anything that deviates --- like an unjust god that punishes ignorance and rewards deception. I'm glad you had a good time in Christian day school. Because he didn't intentionally deceive anyone as part of his "pump and dump". At least not in any manner where it can be proven that the deception was intentional. In Musk's case, the "pump" was simply the very public announcement that he had made a large purchase --- which as far as we know was 100% accurate. This is all it took for coinheads to start buying like crazy and "pump" the price. Whether Musk took advantage and made the "dump" is unknown. Deception for personal gain is called "fraud" and is illegal. But there was no known fraud in what Musk said. Being truthful for personal gain is legal. Did he sell/profit from the pump? Lol! Join this site and start posting negatively about Lidel and Trump and see how long until your ability to be "vocal" is restricted or revoked. What a buffoon. All of the creepy stuff has always been in the apps, and I don't see how this changes that. Not all of it. Google embeds a lot of creepy into Android itself, including AOSP. But apps are a legitimate concern with an easy, sensible solution --- don't install creepy apps. eOS offers an alternative app store with non-creepy apps. FDroid is another popular alternative store with only open source apps. Some things are not available on these alternative stores. For these, I use Aurora store (load the client from FDroid) which lets me install just about anything from the Google Play store without a Google login and I can see how creepy an app is before I install it. They scan apps for trackers and show the results. Finally, if all else fails, I can't find a suitable alternative and I really, really want a particular creepy app, I use an old phone (Moto G4 Play running eOS) with no personal info stored in it. About the only thing I have found that falls into this category is some banking and payment apps. Bottom line: Non-creepy apps are available if you take the time to look for them. One of my personal favorites is TwinMe --- peer to peer video and messaging with no personal info required. Actually works better than the creepy stuff and my iOS friends like it too . In my experience, it's not going to pass SafetyNet with Magisk Hide either. As far as I can tell, Magisk is of little practical value any more. It may be great but I haven't tried it because the hardware support is really restricted, much more so than eOS. This is really more of a stack based virtual assembly language. Obviously not the first nor the last. Lots of room for expansion and syntax pre-compilers. Obviously, it all really distills down to whether you think surveillance capitalism is good or bad. And Google is just one of the premier practitioners of it. If you think surveillance capitalism is good, you might as well use Chrome. If you think it is bad, FF is not an reasonable alternative since it is sponsored by it. Bottom line --- the case for FF is weak --- as witnessed by recent market share reports. Based on your own reference, Google's "touch" is apparently inadequate to "poison" source code. Epic was also rated 5 stars --- and it is based on Chromium source. The real problem with surveillance capitalism is the profit motive and the fact that profit is obtained at the expense of the user's privacy. Without delving into details, Mozilla has an obvious conflict of interest with regard to privacy since nearly all their funding is derived from surveillance capitalism. The elephant in the room seems to be the cost and difficulty of redeeming these for fiat currency. Why would Hulu be excluded? It is a video streaming service is it not? Maybe the FTC just needs more time to be right. Little known fact --- Amazon is doing an end run around Google's advertising business. https://www.fool.com/investing/2018/07/25/an-amazon-search-i... What Google does with regard to advertising actually detracts from the usability of their search engine. The info you're really looking for keeps getting buried under ad BS that you don't really want. Google sells advertising, Amazon sells products --- and advertising. Google attracts people looking for information and annoys them with ads. Amazon attracts people looking for products and gives them ads that are actually relevant to the product they're looking for. In other words, ads on Amazon will likely always be better targeted and more effective --- and less annoying. If enough businesses would just say no to annoying people with advertising on Google the antitrust issue will take care of itself. But no one ever got fired for burning money with Google. It’s not fair... Don't hurt Netflix? I don't think Disney really cares about "fair" as long as they have more subscribers. The only thing government has to do to kill Bitcoin is --- ignore it. Bitcoin is not technically capable of posing a threat to any other real world currency. Have you tried contacting Synaptics? They have all the details. The Windows driver for the device undoubtedly interacts with the Windows Biometric Framework (WBF). But since you're not using Windows this is not an option. Does the fingerprint scanner work properly in Linux? If not, you may have a long road ahead of you. If it does, I would look here https://fprint.freedesktop.org The built in fingerprint devices on most laptops are just simple image scanners. They provide an image and nothing more. Processing the image and matching it to a reference image is a fairly intensive mathematical endeavor. This is the part that fprint does. If you're looking for easy, I would recommend an external all in one fingerprinter module with it's own integrated image storage and processing capability. With one of these, it is simply a matter of communicating with the device. http://www.nitgen.com/eng/product/NScan-SDL.html https://www.futronic-tech.com/pro-detail.php?pro_id=1533 What we call a "computer" is a binary logic playback device. Useful for sure but no more "intelligent" than a DVR. In other words, it's about as dumb as a hammer. The only intelligence it will ever express is that of the logic stored in it's programming. Making it any more "intelligent" would require a complete redesign --- one with a focus on chemistry and biology as much as logic --- with the means and ability to grow and reproduce and learn on it's own. And we are nowhere near this point. A simple virus has abilities that no "computer" has ever demonstrated. For example, the ability to reproduce and optimize it's own programming for survival and expansion. You missed the point which is --- nothing has changed. Computers are just as dumb as they've always been. They can't grow or reproduce or learn on their own or optimize themselves for survival or expansion. And noone has any idea how to endow them with these capabilities. We're just waiting and hoping it somehow happens on it's own. This is about as naive as waiting for your car to drive itself. It is just not how the universe works. They probably do --- within the strict limits and confines of logic provided by the programmer. A computer virus has no ability to change or adapt beyond these rigid bounds without being re-programmed with new logic. But a biological virus can change and adapt to new situations and environments all on it's own --- with new logic of it's own design. You could easily argue that a simple biological virus is more "intelligent". The obvious difference is that a simple biological virus is arguably much more effective at exploring it's environment and adapting to it in order to survive, grow and expand. You've re-stated the problem but you haven't changed the facts. We have yet to build a computer program that can adapt and "learn" and grow as effectively or as efficiently as a simple biological virus. In other words, a virus; which is technically not even alive, is closer to being "intelligent" than anything AI has yet produced. Never mind intelligence that is alive. So in other words; by your math, all the supercomputers in the world are not enough to replicate the "intelligence" of a simple biological virus --- which is technically not even alive. Replicating "intelligence" that is alive is probably a trillion times more difficult. Correct me if I'm wrong but I think you just made an argument for "Why Computers (as we know them) Won't Make Themselves Smarter". In the real world, most advancements are engineered. Happy accidents have occurred but nothing on the order of AGI. There are a huge number of people involved but as you point out, it is mostly empirical. In other words, there is no real plan --- we're just hoping for a happy accident. Why do you clam up so hard against the possibility that there’s progress and potential on computers learning? The fact that you feel compelled to ask that question suggests to me that you won't approve of the answer. What currently passes for "learning" is mostly just data collection and pattern matching --- as strictly prescribed by software. This is certainly useful but any sign of "intelligence" in this process still resides in the mind of the software developer --- not the computer. Not only do we not know how to build truly "intelligent" software, we don't know if it's even possible. https://iep.utm.edu/lp-argue/ ... and there's no reason why AI computer systems have to be formally consistent either. There is no reason why an inconsistent AI system should be considered reliable either. Formal consistency is baked into the design of modern computer hardware. A computer that is not formally consistent at the hardware level is random and thus not very practical. Likewise at the software level, the only alternative to formal consistency is randomness. Which may provide an answer but with no real assurance of accuracy or correctness. It may be possible to obtain a correct answer to very specific problems from random logic through iteration and testing --- but a lot of time, effort and energy will almost certainly be wasted on wrong ones. Once again, not terribly promising on a practical AGI level. We do not have the same resources and the same patience as Mother Nature. Exactly! Overall, Mother Nature is actually pretty resource efficient. We don’t need to completely understand intelligence to create it. We need to create conditions from which it can arise. So you really have no idea if this will work but you have faith . Godel's Incompleteness Theorem suggests this may not be possible within the confines of a binary logic Turing machine; i.e. a modern computer. See my reference. In other words, the software is "free" only if your time has no value. Amazing how long some really smart people took to reach this really obvious conclusion. What's missing with Linux on the desktop is an overriding vision and guiding force to direct the overall effort toward a clear objective. This open source army has lots of generals but it is missing a commander in chief. Lots of battles being fought and won but the war is not moving any closer to a conclusion. If you're a startup, the short answer is you usually don't. The first thing to realize is that with enterprise customers, having a good product might be enough to get your foot in the door --- if you're lucky. Then they'll start asking about your company, your organization, how many employees you have, do you provide them with health insurance, do you have a big fancy office, do you have any other large customers, how much market capitalization do you have, etc., etc.. 3 guys with a good idea and a good product still have the deck stacked way against them. Elephants are rare and it requires big bucks just to take a realistic shot at them. Smaller game is a much easier target --- there are a lot more of them and your chances of success are much better. Like a lot of things in life, this boils down to a political problem. Change the laws in your area so the electrical utility/grid operator is required to buy it from you at prevailing rates. This is the case in many (if not most) areas of the USA. Excess power simply feeds back in the electrical grid. The electrical meter works both ways so power feeding back into the grid runs your meter backwards. If this reduces your bill to less than zero, the utility will send you a check for the amount due. I like the concept but question the business model. It is something with universal appeal but I fear the revenue from "extended" won't be sufficient to sustain it over time. The value add just doesn't justify the subscription price --- considering that I can achieve similar functionality on my own using Aescrypt and readily available "free" web storage. To make it more viable I would suggest extending the functionality. In particular, I would like to see an option for asymmetric encryption. Distribution lists with notification. I would like to upload a file that only select individuals can decrypt and have them notified that the upload is available. Discuss amongst yourselves and get back to me. FLoC you Google. The fastest way to convince me not to use a product is attach the name "Google" to it. Sorry, "zero risk" doesn't exist. Privacy invasion and tracking is built into everything Google does. It's part of their DNA. No real need to look for details, if their name is on it, you know it's in there somewhere. Maybe the reason feed readers have fallen out of favor is because too many people are corrupting the concept and attempting to turn it into yet another advertising channel. I would love to use RSS for semi-real time, one way communication. What would help make this practical is one simple, cross-platform reader available everywhere --- Windows, Linux, Android, iOS and Web/browser. Only support feeds the user manually subscribes too. Check for new content in the background on a user defined interval. Notify the user if something new is available. Easy, simple but universal would be the key for me. I'll bet that if they had some other way to make just as much as they do now, they would still store your profile and use it to make even more. In other words, the only way they will ever give up privacy invasion is if it is no longer profitable. That's kinda evil don't you think? You contradict yourself. It's not any "improvement" if the results are the same as before. The user realizes no "improvement" here at all. The bottom line is that 3rd party cookies were being successfully blocked --- and for good reasons --- so Google built a workaround --- which is now being blocked too. The apparent plan being that most users are clueless lemmings who will continue to use Google Chrome --- for no good reason. Stupidity gets exploited --- a universal law of commerce. Exactly! And for the same reason, they don't spend much time scanning apps in their app store either. https://www.forbes.com/sites/kateoflahertyuk/2019/01/07/thes... Repeated incidents of malware doesn't seem to have hurt them much yet so until it does, don't expect them to look too closely at apps in their store. https://techcrunch.com/2020/08/31/apple-notarized-mac-malwar... It obviously hasn't hurt enough for them to do better at scanning. When you can self source all the significant aspects of a "store", why have a "store"? The only reason I can see is to advertise the availability of the app and link to it's location for manual updates. But, but, security and malware scanning? Already built into Windows. And "stores" have not proven to be any better. Maybe there is something to be said for this but is searching a "store" really that much of an innovation over searching the web? A "store" is really just a monopoly control gateway --- as Apple and Google have proven. Because other people keep finding stuff they missed --- and they aren't getting a 30% cut of all revenue from the store. At what point do you start to accept that the store might just be a monopoly control gateway and revenue source? It's not the GOP any more. It's now the GQP, the country's largest conspiracy cult. New TMobile Cell Plans - Unlimited data for $26 https://www.t-mobile.com/cell-phone-plans/essentials Every bit as valid as the misleading headline on this post. In a word, security. It is harder for password managers but also harder for password guessers. Each guess requires additional communication and response from the server. A response delay increases with each incorrect guess. The idea is to help make it infeasible to brute force guess a password even if you know the login ID. By splitting the ID and password pages, the delay can be off loaded to the client instead of the server. It is an alternative to a captcha test. Hey Marco, political parties that try to undermine American values like the right to vote don't have any room to talk. You are effectively buying stocks from a foreign, unlicensed broker --- can you say risky. Crypto fans have been desensitized to risk --- they don't need no stinkin' regulations. A VPN is really a security and privacy "black box" --- it's impossible to know that happens inside. That said, I wouldn't recommend anything that doesn't allow you to use your own client. I thought everyone knew this already? The problem is not really Linux distros, it is the open source/community concept and ecosystem that not only allows but promotes reinventing the wheel and subsequent incompatibility. The only reason the kernel doesn't have the same problem --- a consensus has developed around making Linus "benevolent dictator for life". In other words, Linus provides leadership and control on a global level in the kernel space that is missing from "distro" projects. There is only one kernel but there are many distros --- and this is a very real problem if you care about widespread marketplace impact. I'll bet if you could talk privately and confidentially with Linus, he would tell you that he lives in fear of what will happen to the kernel once he is gone. One of the main reasons why corporations like Microsoft exist is to alleviate the risk of any one individual becoming indispensable. Once Linus is gone, look for corporations to compete for developmental control over the kernel --- with Microsoft as the odds on favorite. What happens once corporations start producing their own crypto? Or just start manipulating existing ones for fun and profit --- like Musk. There is no end game where crypto speculators don't lose a lot of money. To be like crypto, it would have to be a no dividend, no asset, no income, no identifiable market company. In fact, it wouldn't be a "realworld" company at all. It would just be electrons floating on the internet ether. It's only real purpose would be to entertain those who speculate that others can be convinced to make the same mistake they have made. But to finally answer your question, the real difference between this sort of company and crypto is that sane investors would never buy stock in it. In other words, you’d have to subtract everything of value and leave only the shares themselves. The reality is actually even more extreme and bizarre. The company would have to avoid providing any real overall value to society while consuming large amounts of energy in some cases. Crypto is a financial wonder; a virtual black hole that sucks in money and resources under the weight of it's own gravity. Yes, it was a classic "pump and dump" scam which would be illegal in any regulated securities market. The fastest way to convince me not to use a product is to attach the word "Google" to it. I have been de-Googled for quite some time and things like this only confirm my decision. Never give anyone your exact DOB unless they have a proven need to know. Your name and DOB can be used to obtain all of your personal info including SSN. If you must ignore my advice and use Google "services", create an alternate, consistent online personna which leaks a minimum of real personal data. Use the month of your DOB as is but always enter "1" as the day and always subtract a fixed amount "X" from the real year. This makes your personna "X" years older than you really are. This corrupts your profile and is easily/consistently reproduced when/if you're asked to verify again after you can't be absolutely identified. Consistency is key. They are unlikely to ban/disable your personna if you provide a consistent DOB and age. FLoC you Google. Social media responds by banning all Florida politicians. God was created by man in his own image. This fact supercedes any theological explanation. Mankind has done this not just once but repeatedly; thousands of times down through recorded history. Mankind is superstitious, illogical and inconsistent --- and naturally, so are the religions he has created. We should expect nothing more. Scientology Very long winded but very careful and considered opinion on currency of all types. The bottom line on Bitcoin more or less matches my own opinion: The only real function it provides or is likely to ever provide is speculation. Good idea but it seems somewhat antiquated. Not sure why it merits a post here. The hardest part of accounting for small business is payroll and taxes --- at least in the USA. Checking printing is included ... but like cash, this is a small portion of modern payments. Most are done with ACH and wire transfers. Anyone have something similar for screen sharing? Thanks for all the replies. Negative comments regarding Brave usually center around either their ad blocking and replacement strategy and "fairness" to advertisers or the political views of Brendan Eich. As if advertisers somehow deserve "fairness" as they unfairly track and invade and usurp your privacy. Choosing personal privacy over politics and "fairness" to advertisers should be a no brainer. Point to Brave. Google Pay is about as anti-privacy as it gets. You are handing Google your identity info and connecting to your Google ID. They don't even have to work for it. Brave is faster because it doesn't load ads or report back to daddy Google. Like Chrome but faster and with much improved privacy is a positive thing. His mother --- unless she asks him to do something that would jeopardize his marriage --- in which case the mother has proven herself to be selfish with little regard for her son's well being --- and thus undeserving of any special consideration. Never give anyone your real DOB without a proven need to know. The key to using a fake DOB is consistency. Use some simple formula to be able to reproduce your fake DOB on demand. If you can't do this, if you use different DOBs, Google will obviously know your date is fake. As an example, here is what I do to create a consistent DOB for my fake online persona. Swap month and day (instead of May 10th, I use Oct. 5th) then reverse the last 2 digits of year. My formula obviously won't work for you if the resulting date is invalid so develop your own. For example, you could subtract X from year, month and day. Or use your mother/wife's month and day with your year. Anything will work as long as you can remember and reproduce it. My online persona also uses a different spelling variation of my name. Once again, consistency is the key to not eventually being rejected or banned. If it doesn't actually block you, they are simply checking for consistency. If you do not provide a consistent DOB, they will know you're faking it and may block you later. Just pick a year, and pick a day. Use it. As I said, "Anything will work as long as you can remember and reproduce it." I find that I tend to forget purely random dates over time so I prefer a semi-random date based on something I will not forget. It's just a memory trick, I forget meaningless dates but I don't forget simple privacy algorithms. Your mileage may vary. ...replicated or surpassed with 5 minutes of effort on any other browser. You're pretending like this 5 minutes of effort won't have to repeated in the future. Other viable add-on options are certainly available but in my experience, I have not found these to surpass the speed and ease of maintenance I get built-in with Brave. 2FA sucks for so many reasons. Privacy is destroyed and losing your phone is multiplied into an even bigger disaster. But just say "no" to Google and a lot of the issue goes away. How is privacy destroyed by using a well implemented 2FA solution? Most 2FA; including Google, default to using your phone number or worse, access to your device from their software. Post your phone number and I will show you how this destroys your privacy. How? Post your phone number and I will show you. Not if you are using a U2F key instead of your phone as your second factor. Same problem, different device. Phones and hardware keys are both easy to lose or break/destroy. I know how posting a phone number destroys privacy. From the article, Google "standard" 2FA uses your mobile device. So by your own admission, giving others (and particularly Google) your number or access to your phone destroys privacy. Google is a data driven company. They know based on nothing but sheer statistics that this date is most likely fake. Why make it easy for them to identify fake data? In other words, for 2FA to work properly, you have to do all the stuff you were neglecting before 2FA? Otherwise, you'll have a bigger problem than ever before. And this is called "progress"? Good point. If you really understood or cared about privacy, you wouldn't be following the Google herd. They probably already have all your personal info so why not verify it so they can be sure they have it right? It's really what's best for your own protection. It's not like Google is "evil" or something. Mooo! I'm just glad google caved allowing you to use authy. Why do you think they did this? Do you think building Google Analytics into Authy had anything to do with it? Repeat after me --- until proven otherwise, assume everything Google does has privacy invasion built into it. This includes "caving". Every time you install the browser or buy a new computer, I guess? Or until they issue an update or change their API and your add-ons suddenly stop working. https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/2021/02/01/addons-mozilla-or... I suspect that this is to discourage malicious edits. Electricity is a universal form of energy that can be generated in any number of different ways. It can be efficiently and safely transported with existing infrastructure. Electric motors at the point of application are more than 95 percent efficient. The only real problem with electricity is storage. We have the capability but it is not as weight efficient or cost effective as we would like for transport use. Virtually everything about hydrogen production, transport and usage is problematic. This is rooted in the fact that hydrogen molecules are extremely small, higly reactive and explosively flammable. Hydrogen reacts with carbon metals making them brittle. The most practical way to utilize hydrogen is to generate electricity from it. Doing this efficiently requires exotic and expensive catalysts which are easily contaminated and consumed by the reactive fuel cell process. The overall process of hydrogen production, transport and usage is less than 40 percent efficient. The same process with electricity is more than 80 percent efficient. Volkswagen; along with other auto manufacturers, spent years studying this issue and came to the nearly universal conclusion that, "In the case of the passenger car, everything speaks in favour of the battery and practically nothing speaks in favour of hydrogen." First and foremost, why do you want a PhD? Money? Prestige? Advance the profession? To teach others? In the STEM fields, it is hard to justify the time, effort and money required in terms of objective financial return on investment. You'll need some altruistic motive to make it a semi-rational goal. Sounds like you are in software development. The most practical way to fame and fortune with STEM in America is entrepreneurship. Elon Musk doesn't have a PhD. Bill Gates didn't even have a BS. The point being that down where the rubber meets the road, ability supercedes credentials and running your own company is the best way to demonstrate ability. Corporate America has a poor track record when it comes to acknowledging and rewarding STEM --- hence the reason they have to literally beg kids to become their technology slaves as China kicks their azz. ...or that USDT:USD has never been priced based on fundamentals. It's simple and easy to do this when one entity has control of both the currency minting and the market pricing mechanism. In other words, USDT would be an ideal mechanism for perpetrating widespread fraud in the crypto marketplace, one that would likely never be tolerated in "regulated" markets. Note that USDT is underpinning the entire crypto marketplace --- the majority of bitcoin and other crypto trades involve USDT. Wait? Are you saying that ScamStableCoin is a "scam"? I think you just don't really understand the ScamStableCoin market. I know lots of people making money with ScamStableCoin. Is Tether not being backed by real $ not actually as big a deal? It's no big deal --- as long as enough people accept the fact that they can't actually redeem their Tethers for real USD. As long as everyone is invested in playing the game, the illusion proceeds unimpeded. But eventually, reality will slowly start to intrude on the fantasy. People will be faced with the fact that the USD they fed into the fantasy ain't coming back out. When this happens, the exchanges will just vanish into the internet ether from which they sprang and the people who ran them will be a few trillion richer --- in USD, not USDT. I never touch USDT for any reason. If you trade cryptocurrency, USDT is touching you. From what I have read, as much as 60 percent of all crypto trades involve USDT. Any stability (such as it is) in the crypto marketplace largely rests on the fantasy that USDT is backed by USD. Yes, anyone with moderate technical skill can create their own crypto. The real economic keys to the crypto marketplace are concentrated in the "exchanges". Exchanges are market makers who set prices for crypto but in some cases they are also engaged in minting new crypto --- an inherent conflict of interest and incredible opportunity for manipulation that undermines the integrity of the entire crypto marketplace in my opinion. Isn't it set at the price of the last sale? Who made or enforces that rule? They can do whatever they want --- even collude with one another at will. They are completely unregulated opaque black boxes. Open Source is socialism stuck in a capitalist world. A square peg trying to fit a round hole. This should have been obvious from the start. Good luck changing the world to fit. Freedom is called "public domain". You don't need hundreds of legal licenses to enforce "freedom". You only need these if you aim to restrict and channel freedom in an effort to promote a social agenda. Same response as above. You don't need licenses with dozens of pages of legalese to prescribe "anarchy". I think it becomes socialism when it becomes a form of government, enforced with law. The objective of the GPL is to use the law (i.e. government) to enforce a system of socialism. Socialist property rights are more likely to be assigned to the community... You mean like the "open source community"? A capitalist word is therefore a great place for open source to grow and blossom... Alrighty then. So Open Source is growing and blossoming in capitalism and there is no problem and this article is just totally misguided? Most who use and contribute to Open Source have no choice with regard to license. That choice has already been made by "the community". And once made, these licenses often require the developer to assign copyright for their contribution to "the community". These "viral" licenses can also infect any subsequent project that tries to makes use of any code. The intent and effect here is pretty clear --- individual property rights are being re-assigned to "the community". A contract is meaningless without some entity (government) to enforce it. ... any unbiased third party can be used. Under who's authority? If government didn't exist, one of the first things people would do is recreate it. And your comments reflect this. Believe it or not --- any stability in crypto is based on the illusion that stablecoins are directly tied to fiat. If such a thing existed, I suspect it would be banned in very short order for serving spam. Bitcoin is crypto v1.0 Never buy into version 1.0. Diamonds The really ironic, absurd aspect of the crypto marketplace --- the only practical way found thus far to introduce any stability is to tie crypto to fiat --- i.e. stablecoins. More than half of crypto transactions involve stablecoins --- mostly USDT. No one expects a leader and influencer like Elon Musk, to just go and blabber something on social media without putting much thought into the subject matter or without taking advice from experts. In other words, crypto is so fragile, volatile and unstable that any big player like Musk can easily scam and manipulate the market like a string puppet. We all know it's true --- we just hate it being publicly proven for everyone to see. The exchanges are doing the same sort of thing but they consult the "experts" and thus their scams are quieter, less overt and more "responsible" so as not to tip over the gravy train. Quick fix for endless Firefox issues --- use Brave. Why is "independence" a significant attribute? I don't see it as a guarantee of anything that I really care about. By their very nature, every search engine involves some level of discrimination, discretion and control. There is no alternative. Only one result can be ranked first. I think it's kinda hard to corrupt just one SE without corrupting them all --- unless the SE vendor itself is corrupt. The existing SEs are typically designed for speed, not sophistication. Their ranking algorithms are pretty dumb and often just statistical and lacking any meaningful insight. If plausible disinformation is placed on a popular web site with lots of views, I doubt that any existing SE is really intelligent enough to filter it out. Expecting anything more is somewhat unrealistic. In other words, "independence" doesn't compensate for the absence of intelligent editorial review and discretion in SE results. Here is the plan --- hide, lay low, observe and try not to attract their attention until we're pretty sure it's safe to do so. Personal opinion --- Musk is guilty of Bitcoin "pump and dump". Secondary opinion --- Musk is not the problem; he is just the messenger --- an indicator of the problem. The real problem is the fact that Bitcoin is not really a currency at all. It is just one facet of an unregulated get rich quick scheme driven by pure speculation and built around the fiction that stablecoins are fully backed by fiat. More than half of all crypto trades involve stable coins. Everything Musk has done is also being done by the "exchanges" and others on a daily basis --- just in a more subtle manner. Attacking the messenger won't solve the problem --- at best it will just obscure it's existence for a while longer. If you can get beyond the political drama, Brave is fast, fairly efficient, privacy focused and runs on everything with bookmark sharing. With HN loaded in 1 tab, Brave uses less than 250MB on my 64 bit Win10 system. With 2 different HN tabs, less than 300MB according to Task Manager stats. Not really "light" but not bad comparatively speaking. I've read that Chrome has recently reduced it's memory requirements but I haven't tested it for privacy reasons. Has it occurred to anyone that a lot of what Google does should be illegal? The biggest running fraud in crypto is the idea that "stable coins" are backed by fiat currency. Even some of the original purveyors of it have more or less admitted the fiction. But the idea persists thanks to the "exchanges" who are directly involved and tend to benefit from it. If it is not backed by USD, there is no real justification for USDT having a stable value at/near $1. And by extension, there is no rational for the fact that more than half of all crypto transactions involve stable coins. The entire market is built around this ruse. The idea behind OOP is to simulate real world objects. One of the first OOP languages was called Simula . But this simulation concept is not particularly well adapted to the world of business and information technology. Business is highly data driven and most business objects are defined as data. The objective of business software is typically to process input data (lots of it) and produce output data. There is little real world evidence to show that this can be done easier, faster or more efficiently using OOP. In my opinion, unless you're creating a real world simulation of some sort that will exist entirely within computer memory, binding data and code together offers little practical, real advantage. When it comes time to communicate or store business data, the OOP code/data binding actually becomes more of a hinderance. This is not to say that OOP is not useful. It's no surprise that one of the most popular applications of OOP is building graphical user interfaces --- an on-screen simulation of a paper data form that is built and exists entirely within computer memory. Applying OOP to problem spaces where it is not well suited often results in slower, more complex, harder to maintain applications. Instead of spaghetti code, OOP programmers all too often tend to create spaghetti objects that obfuscate more than enlighten. The answer should be obvious. Is the return from investments more than you would pay in interest on a car loan? If yes, then take out a loan for the maximum amount possible and invest the remaining, available funds that would have gone toward the car and you will come out ahead. Otherwise, just forget the loan and pay cash. ...who can predict the returns in the future from investments? Low risk investments are available. For example, high quality corporate bonds. But there's a critical piece missing to the above comment: who can predict the value of the car in the future? Cars are a depreciating asset with significant value losses and other associated costs. Thus paying cash for one involves risk too. Assume a 10-20% loss almost immediately. And if the owner should die in the near future, the need for the car will be negated and significant additional cash value may be lost for his estate/heirs. The point being --- anything is possible either way. Risk is ever present and requires a personal judgment. Judging from this survey, most developers are just about clueless. The problem with block chain is how to sustain interest and participation in hosting it. If a large corporation or government hosts it or pays to host it, the block chain is really kinda pointless --- call it what you want but it's really just another hosted, single entity solution. If public participation is not sufficiently diverse and widespread, the block chain becomes vulnerable to take over or attack. The only practical solution found thus far is to create funds out of electrons (cryptocurrency) in order to encourage and reward participation. Effectively, it is a solution looking for a problem --- and about the only working problem found thus far is cryptocurrency. And the long term future of this is questionable. All of which explains why Microsoft and IBM have shutdown their block chain operations. This would appear to register them firmly in the "hype" category. Wouldn't be better to just start a government run block chain and use USDT. The folks behind tether will probably "loan" them a reserve to start with. It costs them nothing to create so they "loan" them out like candy and the price stays fixed at or near 1 USD. Amazing!!! Apple only does this because they take your money seriously --- a lot of your money. If you think about it, they really didn't have much choice. It's becoming increasingly difficult for them to justify the outrageous cost of Apple's walled ecosystem. Perfectly good phones with similar features and capabilities are available for a fraction of the cost. So what can Apple offer to justify their extortion? Pay up and we won't burn your privacy. The cost to Apple --- zero, nada. It's really almost a mafia style tactic. They're selling you something that already belongs to you. Zuckerberg should have seen it coming. Next up, Google will copy Apple and start building similar social media features into Android that encroach on Facecrook's market. The required features are already there, they just need to be repackaged. The only reasonable way for Facecrook to resist is by building their own competing hardware. But they already tried that years ago. Bye, bye Facecrook, I'm not going to miss ya. ...you can not program the price of a monetary asset traded in the free market. Bullshit! Here is how you do it --- you create "stable coins" out of electrons and "loan" them to friends and cohorts who use these unbacked coins to buy bitcoin --- certainly manipulating (but technically not exactly "programming") the price. Who is doing this? The people who create and operate the supposedly "free market" --- the exchanges. This is an inherent conflict of interest that would never be tolerated in any "regulated" market. This is built around the fiction that "stable coins" are fully backed by fiat and it is pervasive in the crypto markets. More than half of all crypto trades involve stable coins. 2FA adds another layer to the security cake --- one that is often beyond your control. A 3rd party (your bank for example) usually decides that 2FA is acceptable. Instead of protecting your password (which is fairly easy to do), now you have to protect some device from failing or being lost or being taken over by hackers (which is less easy to do). When (not if) your phone fails, is lost or some hacker ports your number to a different phone --- then you're screwed worse than you ever were with passwords. A simple phone call is unlikely to fix it. Easy. Require "stable coins" to be fully backed. The entire crypto market is a house of cards built on the fiction that "stable coins" are actually backed by something financially "stable". An unsecured "loan" does not meet this definition. More than half of all crypto trades involve stable coins so this is the foundation of the entire crypto marketplace. The entire crypto marketplace is built around the fiction that stable coins are backed by something financially stable. More than half of all crypto trades involve stable coins. Coins whose value is being artificially set without any real, tangible, verifiable basis for doing so. I see one big giant crack --- their entire business model is built around data collection and privacy invasion. The fastest way to convince me not to use a product is to put the name "Google" on it. What the Crypto Crowd Doesn’t Understand About Economics Stable coins are being minted and used to drive the crypto market. More then half of all crypto trades involve stable coins. The value of these stable coins is being set at some artificial level and accepted by the "crypto crowd" without any real, tangible, verifiable basis for their worth. In the words of Elon Musk, it's a hustle. You're either one of the hustlers or you're one of the marks. Because on my Google account I can turn off all the history settings, same for YouTube. LOL! So with this setting off, Google forgets the IP you use to sign in to your Google Drive and GMail account and doesn't use it to identify and track you across the estimated 80% of web sites that have embedded Google trackers? And you've verified this how? Did they show you their tracking source code? You seem to be more upset at Google than the sites you visit that choose to use them as a source of revenue. Makes perfect sense to me since Google earns most of their revenue from privacy invasion. Their entire business model depends on it. No one is more insidious, pervasive and widespread. Here is your proof. This just one of many available sources on the subject but the study being referenced here was done by Princeton University. Largest Study of Online Tracking Proves Google Really Is Watching Us All https://www.technologyreview.com/2016/05/18/160139/largest-s... ... that they are the least invasive and insidious. Yes, that undoubtedly explains how they earn $200 billion a year. Long story short --- stable coins are backed by fiction. In the old days, they were called "wooden nickels". Why do corporations exist? For longevity --- to perpetuate and provide for a path forward with growth and progress that supersedes any one individual. Individuals have a finite lifetime, corporations do not. Open Source may offer the possibility of perpetuation but it typically does little to help plan, promote or insure it. Organizationally, most successful open source projects are little dictatorships. It's a cute, simple and efficient way to organize a project --- simply appoint a "benevolent dictator for life" --- until you start to ponder what happens after the dictator is gone. I'm thinking either chaos and disintegration or some corporation steps into the vacuum to assume leadership and control. The more things change, the more they stay the same. LOL! A cynical and snarky observation but one that inadvertently furthers my point. What happens to the corporation if a leader dies in a SUV wreck on safari or gets arrested for statutory rape? In most corporations, this flawed individual would be immediately replaced with minimal operational impact. Succession is a pre-planned aspect of the organizational structure. Now, what happens to an Open Source project if this individual is the "benevolent dictator"? It is not a question of "if" but rather "when" this person's participation will end. None of the ones I've worked at attempted to perpetuate anything other than their own preservation At least they have addressed job 1. Any organization that doesn't perpetuate itself has failed ... period, the end. There is nothing beyond. It's not possible for a failed, fractured, dysfunctional, non-existent entity to innovate. Corporations are the worst organizations ... except for all the others that fail the primary test of survival. Better idea: How about if I don't use my data and you don't use it either? Oh look --- Someone is selling a goose that lays golden eggs, I suggest a compact, fanless, low end Win10 pc with air mouse. No ads and forget Kodi unless you happen to have a large amount of media files. Almost anything you do with Kodi as far as streaming can be done straight from the web browser. https://www.amazon.com/Beelink-x5-Z8350-Processor-Windows10-... I went the opposite direction --- from engineer to software for a couple of reasons. 1) Software development is something you can easily teach yourself if you've math, science and logic skills. Get a computer, get on the internet, read, study, look at other people's work. For an engineer, it really ain't that hard. The difficult part is separating the wheat from the chaff. For some reason, people tend to go to great lengths to make it more difficult than it has to be --- a real no-no in engineering. 2) You can start a software oriented business with virtually no money. I've been running my own SaaS (software as a service) business for 25 years. Yes, it can be profitable making custom furniture for upscale clientele. I know someone who does it. These folks don't care about cost but the result has to be outstanding and unique, one of a kind. They probably won't pay thousands of dollars for something that looks like it could have been bought at any furniture store. It helps if you've got an artistic bent. Design is a big part of it. You'll need to give clients sketches of your proposals and massage their egos throughout the process. Hand holding and individual attention also seems to be a big part of it. You'll need to show examples and photos of your work just to be considered. Could be great --- or not --- depending on the cost and what is included. There is simply not enough info here to make a judgment one way or the other. If thread 2 copies done into a register before thread 1 executes, it may keep using that register for the entire loop, never noticing that thread 1 later modifies done. Alternative solution: Forget all the "atomic" semantics and simply avoid "optimization" of global variables. Access to any global variable should always occur direct from memory. Sure, this will be less than optimal in some cases but such is the price of using globals. Their use should be discouraged anyway. In other words, make "atomic" the sensible and logical default with globals. Assignment is an "atomic" operation, just don't circumvent it by using a local copy as an "optimization". What if your function takes a pointer that might be pointing to an "atomic" variable? Pointers can be used to circumvent most safety measures. If you obscure the access, you should assume responsibility for the result. which are very similar to global variables, but the compiler doesn't know that they're global Since as you say, they are very similar, wouldn't it be reasonable to assume for access purposes that they are effectively global? Patents don't kill innovation but they do next to nothing to promote it. Only a very small percentage of patents are ever successfully licensed to anyone. Around 3% recoup the cost of filing the patent. Half of all patents expire prematurely when the owner declines to pay the required maintenance fees. Easy. Simply by not demanding anything --- contrary to the article's unsupported claims. The administration is providing info --- which they have every right to do under the first amendment. What Facebook chooses to do with that info is ultimately Facebook's decision. "Demanding" or coercing action, with any sort of adverse repercussions involved for failure or refusal to act, would become a legal/first amendment/fascist issue. But the article fails to provide any support for it's claim of such. Lacking any "demand" by the administration, there is nothing to challenge --- except perhaps the motives of the article and Caitlin Johnstone. Peter Wennink, head of Dutch chip printing giant ASML, said the EU should get tough with China over intellectual property and enforce a level playing field in trade — but not close off exports ... Which leaves one obvious problem --- you can't reasonably enforce anything if you're not willing to close off exports. If the f---ing White House reaches out to your company and makes a polite request ... Evidence of any such request ? Because, you know, the implication. Evidence of any implication? No demand, no request, no coercion, no implication, no case. The humble goto is highly efficient. There is no software of any significance that doesn't use them. Even if the programmer doesn't use them, the compiler will. At the lowest, most efficient level of computer code, it is about the only way to create a loop. All that being said, I wouldn't recommend it for routine use when easier, more readable alternatives are available. TFA makes an unfounded accusation. Using TFA as proof is circular logic. Yes, the Biden administration has admitted giving medical info/advice to Facebook. Any associated request or demand is unproven accusation. For all we know, Facebook requested their input. Short answer --- you can't and for good reason --- it won't be accurate. The best that is available is 0.1 milliseconds using the QueryUnbiasedInterruptTime API and even that value is suspect. Extreme time accuracy is simply not attainable in a multitasking, interrupt driven environment like Windows. And this is probably not the appropriate forum for such technical questions. Never understood how this "feature" did anything but annoy the user. Cash App for the win. The idea that "consciousness" will somehow just magically spring forth from what we call a "computer" is the modern equivalent of alchemy. Pure fantasy without any scientific basis. By design, Firefox supports and reports to sugar daddy Google. Nothing really "private" about that. https://www.googlewatchdog.com/how-tos/how-to-eradicate-goog... Their block list excludes Google which has trackers embedded in the majority of web sites. There is nothing really "private" about that. Do you understand that Firefox boasts "privacy by design" but does very little to promote it? If you have no problem with this, you might as well use Chrome. In case you didn't notice, the article is about lots of people doing this. I never understood why they were ever allowed to list in the first place. The concept of a "company" in China bears little resemblance to that in the USA. It is essentially a division of the CCP and the military created to compete with and defraud foreign entities. Volume/capacity/rate. Not exactly a security issue per se but ordinary SIM cards/phone numbers are intended for personal use and are limited in how many messages you can send per minute/hour/day. When your messages are blocked, your 2FA obviously fails. You may not find this specifically addressed in a contract. Instead, there may be a generic statement about personal use. "Personal" use implies limits of some sort imposed by the carrier --- often as they see fit. A person can't reasonably compose and send SMS at a rate of more than 3 or 4 per minute on average. Yes, most ordinary service contracts are "unlimited" for personal use. A "person" can't reasonably compose and send more than 3 or 4 messages per minute on average. Send "too many" as defined by the carrier and you will likely be cut off. 10+ messages per minute might be reasonable in a conversation with a single individual/phone number. The same with all different numbers may not. The point is that the actual definition for "personal" use may vary by carrier but be aware there is one. If you are sending "too many" messages to "too many" different numbers, you are likely to be cut off. It doesn't end there. Slightly less obvious is the fact that Tether and other "Stable coins" are the only "stability" that exists in the crypto marketplace. More than half of all crypto trades involve stable coins. And exchanges play along (wittingly or not) with the ruse for their own benefit. So if Tether is a scam, so is bitcoin and the entire crypto marketplace. The thing is tether is pegged. I think the point you're missing here is that there is no logical basis for the "pegging". It's pegged because crypto exchanges play along with the pegging fantasy. Coinbase modified the USD Coin page on its website after an audit revealed that not all USDC reserves are held in cash. The myth that each USDC is backed by one dollar has been shattered. https://liquidity-provider.com/news/coinbase-has-dropped-the... These minting were done as loans --- on an IOU basis. An IOU is a promise to pay --- not the same as being paid in hard currency. The audits/attestations reveal this and Tether itself has confirmed it holds a large quantity of "commercial paper". They have steadily backed away from the claim that USDT is backed by dollars. "Commercial paper" is a loan, an IOU --- not hard currency/assets. You can't have your dollars and loan them to others too. If I give Donald Trump an unsecured loan for $1000, I can't "legally" claim to still hold the $1000 in cash. The idea that an unsecured IOU is without risk and is worth just as much as dollars in hand is pure fantasy. Yet all the exchanges collectively peg USDT at $1. https://www.wsj.com/articles/tether-says-massive-reserves-he... That's what I suspect and I'll be shorting more USDT today on AAVE. Sorry, I don't see how this can work. USDT is a fraud. Exchanges are active participants in the fraud by pegging USDT at $1. The only way your short can pay off is if the exchanges stop the "pegging" game. When the pegging stops, the exchanges will likely fold up and disappear. Who will you collect from for your short? Still wouldn’t call it a scam. A scam is pretending something is true when it clearly is not --- for financial gain. The scam here is the fact that the exchanges cooperate to keep the price of USDT pegged at $1 USD --- even after Tether itself has admitted they do NOT have $1 USD for each USDT minted and they are NOT obligated to redeem 1 USDT for $1 USD. Couldn't a billionaire crush tether by shorting so much of it that it exceeded the cash reserves? Short answer --- no. They can just print more tethers --- which exchanges and crypto-fools will readily accept as being worth $1 USD. You're making a common mistake --- you're assuming that the crypto market is actually a "free market" similar to the regulated stock and currency markets. You're assuming it is free of the inside manipulation that keeps the price of USDT artificially pegged at $1 USD no matter what. Where are they getting the USD for those loans? LOL! They're not loaning USD, they're loaning USDT which they create out of electrons --- and accept an IOU is return --- but only from select individuals/companies. The rest of the crypto marketplace are the ones who produce USD and exchange it for USDT. Then it wouldn't be stable and would have already collapsed, and there's no mechanism to maintain the pin. But there is a method to maintain the pin --- cooperative collusion from the exchanges. You are assuming that the exchanges are honest, "free market" promoters like those found in regulated stock and currency markets. You have no way to know or verify this. They are accountable to noone but themselves. But I do think that the people involved have a visceral enough understanding of their own financial best interest that they wouldn't accept IOUs printed out of literally nothing. Your thinking here is overly simplistic. Minting new tethers cost them literally nothing, zero, nada. What if they are just minting and giving away tethers to select individuals (aka "business associates") with the understanding that they (with their artificially "pegged" value of $1 USD) will be used to buy Bitcoin and inflate the price? Knowing in advance that the price of Bitcoin will be going up gives them plenty of opportunity to make money. What is being pretended as true? That 1 USDT is worth $1 USD. The entire crypto market is a house of cards built around this fantasy. Just don't ever give your banking login credentials to anyone ... ever. Just don't do it. You knew it was a bad idea when you did it --- so don't repeat the mistake for any reason. So Xi is backing away from capitalism and free enterprise? Seems like he is opening up an opportunity for the rest of the world to compete with China. Thanks Apple for proving once again that you don't really own the phone you paid $1k USD for. AOSP and derivatives for the win. The ads are sorta true --- within the context and confines of the vendor/sucker relationship and terms of service agreement. But once you do anything that Apple does not approve of, they'll cut you off, lock your phone and your data and throw you to the wolves. Oh, and by the way, they have full access and will be watching and checking everything you do with your device. Wait? So FB needs a report to make it look bad? Personal theory --- micro plastic contamination. The environment is totally polluted with it. As we speak, you are most likely inhaling plastic microfibers from your clothes and furniture. Once inside your body, some of them can mimic hormones. Why do we have too few engineers in the USA? Because of stuff like this. A professional engineer's license issued by the state make's you personally, legally liable for your work and the work of others who you supervise. There is no way to avoid this liability. Incorporation has no effect. Engineers don't get paid nearly enough for this --- which helps explain why there aren't more engineers. The entire system is rigged against them. /rant off The "smart" part is for the manufacturer's benefit more so than the user. However, if these "smart" TVs are never connected to the internet, how will they become "disabled"? The only way I can see is if the TV is actually "disabled" by default and must be connected to the internet to "enable" it after purchase. In which case, they're not really "disabling" but declining to "enable". It's getting hard to find one but all I want is a big display screen --- a dumb TV. I'll add my own "smarts", thank you very much. Yes, privacy. Encrypted messaging apps are all the rage nowadays but in my opinion, encryption is not the real attraction --- privacy is. Privacy as in, only approved contacts are allowed to send me messages. Everything else is filed as spam. I have thought about implementing this myself but I have yet to find the time. Having Google engineers touting your service is not exactly comforting from a privacy perspective. This should say everything you really need to know about Tether and the crypto exchanges that collectively keep it's value pegged at $1USD. A potential flaw in your line of reasoning --- most processors are manufactured in China. Who is going to build ARM's newest designs if not China? It feels like such a poorly designed system. Or how about a system designed with intentional obfuscation as a means of selling more storage? Yes, that sounds like the plan. Fortunately, I was exposed to this early on when a family member wanted to move their music from iTunes to a non-Apple phone. You would think storing music would be fairly simple and straight forward --- sorted by artist, album and track or something similar. Not so with Apple. What came from iTunes was so arcane and obtuse that I was convinced it could only be intentional obfuscation. And I decided then and there to avoid playing in their sandbox. Tom's Hardware theorizes that if Apple were to adopt the open-source instruction set of RISC-V, it may save the company money because it wouldn't need to pay Arm a license fee for its instruction set. The money Apple pays ARM is insignificant. More likely in my opinion, they are exploring RISC-V as a base from which to build their own proprietary chips. There is nothing "open" about Apple. The primary problem begging to be solved is instantaneous transfer of funds at near zero cost. It's insane that a computerized transaction currently consumes 2-3% of amount. This is an unnecessary drag on the entire world economy. Not only is Bitcoin no help, it actually makes the problem worse. The perfect solution to this could be a virtual dollar --- which I suspect is where the Fed is headed. A real working solution would obsolete existing crypto overnight for just about everything except maybe money laundering. Permission insures the value. Without permission, all you've got is an electronic "wooden nickel". Completely arbitrary and unstable. Except that I don't need permission from anyone to spend some cash in my pocket. By paying in cash, you are complying with blanket permissions established in advance by government, the banking system and the shop owner. These permissions establish stability, value and standardization thus avoiding the need to barter and negotiate amount and form of payment prior to every purchase. Establishing the US dollar "legal tender for all debits public and private" is what gives you permission to use cash conveniently and without hassle. Why get into the news game? To better profile users and be able to show them targeted advertising would be my guess. Really disappointing to see them go down the hydrogen rabbit hole. I was a Toyota fan but this shook my confidence in the company. They had the lead and squandered it. They are really behind the curve now. Unless they know something that the rest of the world doesn't, hydrogen fuels cells is a bad bet. There is not enough time/space to explain all the reasons why; it is a very long list of factors working against hydrogen --- and it starts with the fundamental laws of thermodynamics. There are plenty of great offline OSM clients, such as OsmAnd Personally, I prefer Magic Earth. I keep 7 surrounding US states downloaded on my phone and I get notification of updates (every few months). Average file size per state is about 450MB stored on SD card. It is how maps should be done in my opinion. The only difference here is how the distribution is handled. Not sure P2P is the way to go since most peers are likely to be mobile devices where data transfer can be disruptive and expensive. I think the really salient point here is that we have no idea what "consciousness" is and thus we have no idea how to create it. Thinking that it will just "arise" somehow on it's own from a box of silicon switches (aka a computer) is incredibly naive and fanciful --- the modern equivalent of alchemy. So in other words, it doesn't matter that you can't turn lead into gold as long as the end result is something shiny enough to fool a lot of people? I suggest looking at www.magicearth.com and contacting their support. And yes, if there is a process ... If magic was real, all sorts of wonderous things would be possible. But it's not real and we know of no real, practical chemical process that can turn lead into an equivalent for gold. Likewise, we know of no real, practical binary logic algorithmic process that can create an equivalent of consciousness. And just like with alchemy, we have no real reason to believe it is practically achievable. Looks good but routing is very slow. It's not naive to acknowledge existing examples. But it is naive to assume that nothing more than "carbon switches" give rise to something we can't even begin to fully define yet. No one encrypts their email because the content is boring stuff that isn't worth encrypting. The lack of context itself serves as a mild form of encryption. The real problem with email is not secrecy but privacy --- or the lack thereof. Anyone who gets your email address can start spamming your inbox at will. What's really missing is an easy way to control your inbox and restrict it to only allow approved contacts. In other words, this is a "smart" idea for the vendor but a kinda "dumb" idea for the consumer. Wonder if the "terms of service" will require you to make internet connectivity available in order to use your TV? OK, so does Crypto Ranking Site promise not to manipulate token prices? Is there something that requires it to do otherwise? The crypto marketplace is totally opaque and unregulated. This sort of this happens all the time. The best example being USDT. How does the price remain pegged at $1USD without any real, hard backing? So Linux finally found it's calling --- running a web browser to access Google services? How well does it work with subscriptions? The whole point of email is to send to and receive from unknown parties. Wouldn't it be much better if email would allow me to choose to communicate in a way that I prefer? For example, is there any good reason why I can't just setup a private address where only selected addresses can send to me? In other words, a 100% guaranteed spam filter. I know email doesn't traditionally work this way --- but tradition and spam is no reason as to why it couldn't. Sure, you can filter if you know enough to program and run your own email server. Most users can't do this. What I am talking about is an email service provider making this easy for any user --- by simply designating an address as being private . This is an unserved/unmet demand in my opinion. all of the evidence is pointing that privacy is everything they have in their brand That probably explains why their brand is declining. https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2020/03/study... Delphi was nice for building desktop Windows apps. How many people still do this? Most new work I do is either mobile or web/server. Do one thing and do it well. Do too much and you may end up like Btrfs. Suspect as well --- for the same reason. System level data handling functionality is critical and needs to be rock solid. Complexity makes this more difficult to achieve. Not to say it's impossible, just increasingly more difficult. Interesting but needs comparable iOS support. How many developers can afford to ignore the Appleverse? Probably loaded with trackers and backed by the stellar support that Paypal is famous for. Users already pay for internet access. Why pay again? The problem is not really money but rather the distribution of funds. A portion of the internet access fee needs to be set aside for public access web sites. Commercial web sites are on their own. To qualify for a portion of the proceeds, there will have to be some sort of application and approval process. Distribution to be based on traffic level above a specified minimum. Engaging in any sort of user tracking would be a disqualifier. Lots of details here to be worked out but this is the most logical approach that will have a reasonable chance of working IMO. The first rule of business, "Always make it as easy as possible for customers to pay". This explains a lot of Amazon's success. My proposal requires no additional effort from the user which is why it has a good chance to succeed. Net neutrality is dead. Greed killed it. Facebook is primarily a propaganda organization. It's main objective is to influence, manipulate and subvert the user's judgment and convince them to buy something --- be it physical product or ideology. To further this objective, it has developed an incredibly detailed psychological profile of each individual user using deeply personal info willing surrendered by the user themselves. It's skill at doing this is what it promotes to it's real paying customers --- mostly advertisers. Users are not their "customer", they are just the marks being manipulated. As board member Peter Thiel put it, "I'd rather be seen as evil than incompetent" . Evil is obviously more profitable. Facebook is an addiction. "Just say no", is wonderful advice but the reality is somewhat more complicated. Be my guest. Consider Bars and Clubs. Bars earn all their income from serving individual patrons. Facebook earns nothing from their individual patrons. All their income is earned serving those seeking to manipulate and take advantage of their patrons. It's easy to see where the allegiance lies in either case --- just follow the money. I can't comprehend why this isn't widely used. It doesn't have an iOS client. It's hard to tell your employees to standardize on Tox when a good portion of them don't have a working client to install. I'm no Apple fan but the world does not run on Android alone. Google's entire business model centers around privacy invasion so how could it be otherwise? In some cases it may. It depends on the app but mostly it depends on the app developer and how they perceive their target market. A big attraction with Windows has always been consistency and backward compatibility. Apps developed under Win95 still run with little or no changes. A big issue with Linux has always been the lack of same. I don't think Win11 and the subsystem for Linux really changes that. Not sure why this is news. Check out the listed "Alternatives" which may have superior characteristics based on need. Has anyone ever toured any of the auto plants in the USA? It's amazing how few workers they have. In some areas, they don't even have the lights turned on because the robots don't need them. I sure the Nissan plant is an additional step forward. In other news, audio jacks are also dangerous so you need to buy our overpriced wireless earbuds. In every case, Apple does whatever is most profitable for Apple --- and then feebly tries to justify it on some other basis. But we really don't know at this point. We do know ... or a least we should. Google has said it receives tens of thousands of "geofence" and "keyword" warrants each year looking to identify anyone within a certain geographic area at a particular time or anyone who searched for a particular keyword. There are 3 pertinent points here: 1) Google can absolutely identify you personally; otherwise, the warrants would be useless. 2) The authorities are searching info from your phone without probable cause (aka "fishing"). 3) Innocent people have been convicted for being in the wrong place at the wrong time. https://techcrunch.com/2021/08/19/google-geofence-warrants/ Does anyone have some info about this setup? Yes, you can use MicroG with LineageOS. If this totally solved the privacy issue, e/OS would be pointless. GApps is a big upper level privacy problem that microG can solve but this is not the only issue. By default, AOSP itself also sends personally identifying info to Google servers through low level system calls. The e/OS fork is needed in order to remove this. No, LineageOS does not disable this. Personal opinion but the LineageOS project seems more concerned with security than privacy. The idea of Google hijacking your privacy for profit doesn't seem to really bother them too much. Their web site and wiki repeatedly address security but rarely privacy. As for explaining further, I will defer to the document below from the e foundation. https://e.foundation/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/e-state-of-d... Tether is a fraud and everyone knows it. More than half of all crypto trades involve tether so the fraud is pervasive. But the most damning aspect of all is the fact that despite common knowledge of the pervasive fraud, USDT maintains it's peg. This indicates collusion by the market making exchanges in perpetrating this widespread, pervasive fraud. This essentially makes the entire crypto marketplace as we know it one big huge fraud. If this is really the case and not just an opinion, you should be able to easy show that Tether is not a fraud. Can you do this? I don't think so because Tether itself has never shown as much. Calling me "misinformed" without any easily verifiable basis in fact would suggest that perhaps you are a participant in the fraud somehow. Just like in real life. Real life has safeguards in place to prevent a bank run from "bringing it all down". Crypto has no safeguards. Or they could easily just forget all that and selectively refuse to cash out anyone that is not a favored inside participant in the fraud --- as per their revised TOS. A "bunch of crooks" is what you get in any market that operates without oversight or regulation. The real surprise would be if crypto was otherwise. That's unfair. I'm not saying that mere participation makes you a crook. The real crooks are those controlling and manipulating the game. Many (if not most) of those playing the game are just unsuspecting participants and are the ones most at risk of being hurt by it. We know depositing USD part never happens. Therein lies the fraud and the collusion between Tether and the exchanges in perpetrating it. The grand fallacy of the crypto market is the idea that the exchanges are honest brokers and market makers just like in regulated markets --- despite the complete lack of oversight or regulation requiring as much. That has nothing to do with Tether. It has everything to do with people willing to pay that price. It has everything to do with Tether. Tether is being minted with an illusionary value of $1USD and "loaned" to favored insiders which use it to buy Bitcoin and inflate the price. The fact that Bitcoin trades for $60k is the result of this being done in the past. The reason new investors pay $60k is their expectation it will continue into the future. More than half of all Bitcoin trades involve Tether. The two are inextricably linked whether you realize it or not. What you have described is an aspect of most classic financial fraud schemes --- an influx of new investors is required to keep the scheme going. While it continues, everyone is happy. But when the music stops (as it always does) someone is inevitably left without a chair at the table. Tether is part of the fiat system, not cryptocurrency. LOL! Tether has no role in the fiat system other than it's fictitious claims of relative value. "Better" for themselves --- no doubt. "Better" for others --- no way. To do "better", submit to an audit to show their cash backing. Instead they claim 100% backed by "something" that is not even clearly defined and has changed over time. And the exchanges play along and collude to keep the "market" price at $1USD. No. I won't pay for search because I don't need to. Likewise, I won't use a search engine that is at the center of an invasive, privacy destroying, global tracking ad network --- because I don't need to. I will just use DuckDuckGo. Problem solved. Hello advertisers. You are being manipulated and abused just like the consumers you are targeting. There is very little evidence to show that invasive digital advertising is actually effective. When was the last time you clicked on one of these ads and actually made a purchase? Bad for consumers and bad for advertisers. Why continue with this opaque, profit sucking charade that mainly enriches those selling the ads? ... the biggest win would be a business model that could win with them in the free market. The alternative business model is so simple and is already in place --- simply advertise based on expressed interest. This is what DuckDuckGo is doing very effectively. Show ads based on search words. No global, privacy invading network required. Amazon is doing the same quite effectively. Their ad business is growing by leaps and bounds simply by showing ads based on search terms. Please show evidence that Google's global privacy invading data collection network justifies their 3-4X premium in advertising cost over simple non-invasive alternatives. "Problematically naive" is assuming the cost is justified without any such evidence. Amazon's ad business is currently growing at a 70% annual rate by simply displaying ads based on search words --- probably because searching on their site is an overt expression of interest in making a purchase. Privacy would fix a lot of what is wrong with email. Allowing "anyone" to communicate with anyone sounds like a noble idea until you are overwhelmed with unknown/unwanted communication. Allow users to restrict communication to known addresses. Everything else is rejected as spam at the server. But saying that advertising online doesn’t work at all ... Ok, so I guess it's a good thing that no one actually said that. Tether is perfectly stable. It never wavers significantly from it's $1 USD value --- blessed and bestowed by the unregulated crypto exchanges regardless of any backing or the lack thereof. By itself, this should say all you really need to know about the crypto markets. In other news, AI shows an overall lack of intelligence demonstrating that it's core is really just pattern matching and lookup tables. Hello Cyberfear, Encryption is OK but I'm more interested in simple privacy. Privacy as in only approved addresses are allowed to send me email. If an address is not approved, it gets rejected at the server. This would solve the single biggest issue with email without requiring much in the way of added operational complexity. Discuss amongst yourselves. Does the moon really solve that problem? Can it become truly autonomous? How many millennium would this take? Maybe the best approach is to forget about a multi-planet civilization at this point in time (we clearly lack the technology) and focus on preserving our one planet civilization for as long as possible. "Smart TV" means "smart" for the manufacturer. For the user, it's pretty "dumb" to let the manufacturer invade your privacy on your TV. Thank you Samsung but no thanks. Any "smarts" I need from my TV, I will add myself. This way, I know exactly what I am getting. A lot of what I watch is digital broadcast TV. And the only connection my TV has is through HDMI to my computer. Even my dual ATSC broadcast tuner is driven by my PC so I can do all sorts of "smart" stuff like picture in a picture, split screen or watch one channel while recording another. Privacy is only half the issue. Freedom is the other half. Most manufacturers control what you're allowed to install on your "smart" TV. And most can't record either. How "dumb" is that? ... hotel lobbies Yes, this is what I look for --- a TV that is dumb as dirt and built to run 24/7 for years. https://www.lg.com/us/business/hospitality-tvs/lg-40lt340h0u... ??? Routing data to the CPU wouldn't make much difference without a network connection to transmit the data back to central collection point. I have owned one of the below for several years though it is not my primary. I have 3 TVs in all. I paid significantly less than the $199 advertised here. Dumb as a rock. This brand used to be advertised toward hotels and cruise ships. https://www.amazon.com/Seiki-SC-39HS950N-1080P-LED-HDTV/dp/B... ? Personally, I'm using the available resources to try and catch some rain water. A lot less risky than the open ocean --- which will still leave you with a water problem. As a hardware and software geek, I can tell you that any difference is most likely the capacitors used on the circuit boards. Cheap capacitors are widely used to intentionally limit the usable lifetime of consumer grade electronics like TVs. The difference in manufacturing cost is probably less than $1. It's not about the manufacturing cost, it's about engineered obsolescence --- selling you a new one after 5 years of "normal" use. It clicks in the same way that Trump's real estate investment courses did. If someone really had the tools to get rich, there would be no reason or incentive to ever sell them to anyone? Without going beyond the tagline, my BS meter is pegged. Electric motors are already better than 90 percent efficient. There is no theoretical room to "triple" the power unless it creates energy and qualifies as a perpetual motion machine. So in other words, they are increasing the power/weight ratio --- they are not "tripling the power" but rather they are primarily decreasing the weight of the motor. Sure, you would probably be worth less to advertisers. But the web would probably worth a lot less to you because so many web sites will be broken. I just wonder which parts would be broken? Both parts --- all parts. Most web sites depend on Javascript in some way. The "bad" kind of advertising is the personalized, algorithm driven kind built around privacy invasion. If you go to a pet supply site, an ad for dog food is reasonable, perhaps even appreciated. This is the "good", informative kind of advertising. But just because you bought dog food, you shouldn't be bombarded with ads for cat litter on a site that deals with cell phones. This is mainly just an annoyance, the private data behind it is subject to abuse and there no good reason to believe this "bad" advertising is any more effective than the "good" advertising. But the "bad" ads are more profitable for the ad networks. My advice --- check out the Brave browser. It offers a simple, easy way to block most of the bad and replace it with good advertising --- no global tracking or privacy invasion required. And unfriend Facebook and say goodbye to all things Google. Anyone know of something similar without Google and Facebook trackers built into their app? The problem goes beyond Zuckerberg to the algorithm driven, personalized advertising model Facebook is built on. This model in inherently unfair, corrupt and dishonest on every level. It is harmful to consumers, advertisers and society itself. The primary beneficiaries are the opaque ad networks which collude with one another and work to extract every ounce of profit from it with no regard for the cost to others. It is the ultimate expression of extreme capitalism. Until privacy invading, personalized digital advertising is regulated in some way, the fundamental problem will remain. You can't deZuck Facebook unless he dies or finds religion or something. And Facebook has enough money to easily buy out anyone that tries to compete with them. This has all the characteristics of a "monopoly".