Because it helps them: most of the IE suckage comes from needing to support IE along with the real browsers, which is proportionally a bigger cost for a smaller competitor than them. IE being so much slower than everything else also helps keep the idea that web apps must be slower than desktop apps alive. "The" library is which ever squirrelly database, file format, app, etc. your next project needs to talk to which doesn't have bindings for your favorite language. You compromise on Java to avoid writing that by hand and use a JVM language to avoid the pain of actually using Java. I've heard Air as the most common drawback for Tweetdeck - the low-quality text rendering, non-standard widgets, etc. scream "non-native app" and the install process is certainly a lot harder if you don't already have Air installed. Granted, I tend to hang out with geeks and Mac-using designers but I'm not sure that the general public is more likely to install a runtime before installing the application they wanted to try. No - it crashes less than once a month on my system and I'm using the excellent Ack in Project mentioned by others instead of the built-in search. The Project Plus bundle also gives a nice for large projects but in general Ack is the only one I consider necessary. I think you might be overstating this a bit: browsers definitely had gzip support back in the stone-age (I actually implemented this by hand in 2000 or so) but for slightly shorter values of "long, long ago" it's also been the case that the necessary UA checks were well-known even if your default Apache config didn't already include them. JS/CSS, however, I agree completely on - it's a good deployment step but minification is quite the nuisance for debugging and it's less critical if you've configured your server to set proper Expires/Cache-Control headers. Apple would be fine, just as a web hosting company is fine if someone puts illegal content up. They'd have to make it clear that they are not the content producer and respond quickly when a legal complaint is received but it's not as if this is uncharted legal territory. It doesn't seem like the author has much experience with security, which is what you'd expect from a technical marketing manager - it sounds reasonable but the real goal is convincing you to buy Ronco spray-on-security appliances. Log files have never been intended as a security measure in the same way as a firewall, but it's naive to claim that they don't improve security. The concept the author is missing is that security is a process, not a software feature. Log files address several key parts of the security process: 1. Damage containment: if someone does compromise a system, logs are your way to catch that as early as possible - the difference between, say, someone at your bank getting malware and their authorization credentials being stolen. Identifying failures can be done close to real-time so it's realistic to be able to do things like quarantine desktops which suddenly acting like botnet nodes. 2. Verifying normal functionality: things like security updates being installed and services restarted, whether your admins are following correct policy, etc. This stuff matters a lot in any large-scale environment and while you can get a lot using a security scanner, logging is faster, safer and easier in many situations. 3. Identify anomalous behaviour: the classic example is adding firewall rules to drop traffic from hosts which attempt noisy attacks but this can also apply to things like banks notifying their customers that their browser is outdated, showing signs of being compromised, etc. Having actual data makes many security decisions a LOT easier. If you want the lowest common quality video, yes. Flash video performance and quality are noticeably lower, though, so it really doesn't scale well beyond YouTube-level video. In practice, widely deployed beat better quality handily. Perhaps, but unless he signed an NDA or something it's actually pretty hard for the bank. US copyright law gives an implicit license to the recipient - and data cannot be copyrighted so reformatting would actually make that difficult. All, of course, modulo the bank's success in making it expense enough to get their way without a decisive legal position. This is the big part of Microsoft's Vista problem: without software which uses the many system-level improvements, users don't see a benefit. As long as developers are targeting XP that's not going to change - it'd probably be worth it for them simply to give away free 7 upgrades at this point just to boost demand. This is very easy to say, as someone privileged enough not to be affected by the issue, and you're making an insane leap to say that criticizing routine discrimination "is how wars start" or somehow imply that it leads to banning gay marriage. It looks like you're missing the difference between suggestion and coercion and, as far as "making others' way of life into the literary Other" goes, well, I think a great way to do that is to assume that everyone is choosing to engage in sexism rather than uncritically going along with the status quo. Other people still have problems even if you refuse to acknowledge them - and your position in life does matter simply because you've never been forced to acknowledge those problems' existence. > Don't you see that, "Women find stripping offensive, it drives them away, don't let that happen" is the same thing as "We find homosexuality offensive, we can't let that happen"? Well, sure, if you misrepresent the problem your argument looks better. Our argument is quite simple: don't demean people. Demeaning women? Bad. Demeaning gay people? Bad. Getting upset about the inability to use your religion as a justification to demean people? Tough luck. > You're assuming that the woman there are offput by the 'strippers,' and that's why they weren't attending the conference. I'm merely pointing out that that may not be the case at all. Note that no one here is saying Yahoo should be shut down, hack day stopped, etc. The only thing people are saying is that there should be a clear message that this behaviour is wrong - and that we should be encouraging everyone to recognize and refuse to participate in it. Conference strippers aren't the only reason why the gender ratios are unequal but the attitude has gone a long way towards making our field unattractive to anyone who doesn't fit a rather unenviable stereotype. Given the large number of blog, wiki and CMS engines which use the same cargo-cult security idea, it's probably considerably higher than 10%. If you're getting paid to harvest addresses, wouldn't you write a single regexp to increase the number of good addresses? There's no need to create a player; as far as the creator goes, Adobe's already released the free mxlmlc so you could simply generate ActionScript and let them compile it. The question I'd ask is whether DNS is the right place for a CDN - in some ways it seems like that should either happen at the routing level (e.g. anycast) or at the application level (e.g. http redirects to user-appropriate servers) depending on the service. "North America" includes more than the United States: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_America I'd be surprised if the answer wasn't latency - this kind of server load would be easy to scale with their engineering resources and they're big on the competitive advantage of user-perceived performance. Under this definition, what happens when Theora gets enough acceptance that one of the major patent holders investigates and determines that it incorporates something they've patented - do we suddenly start calling it proprietary or do we describe it the same way we would describe H.264: "open [or closed] source implementation of a standard algorithm which has patent restrictions in some countries" I think that's a big argument for something like jQuery which takes care not to declare tons of globals or extend base classes. If the change doesn't use jQuery.noConflict() it probably should if for no reason other than avoiding any possibility of confusion when someone sees $() in code. As for extensive customizations, how much additional concern does this add? It seems unlikely that those people aren't also using admin hacks to work around the areas which didn't used to be user-serviceable so they're probably going to need to be careful about upgrades for many other reasons. This at least gives a consistent baseline and widely-used extension mechanism for future work. YouTube was't an attractive target before Google bought them (no money). Now they are but they're using H.264 and presumably a full licensed toolchain for it, defended by a lot of industry players in addition to Google's deep pockets. I hope that the VP3 heritage is truly patent free but right now it's hard to say anything is patent-safe given the wretched state of our industry. Theora, in contrast, is not defended by anyone powerful and thus far hasn't been worth going after; if it starts to get accepted I'd be surprised if one of the trolls didn't try for danegeld. Speaking of which, if you're Python savvy and want a job in the DC area either sysadmining a large Trac install or developing (mostly) Django sites we're hiring right now: https://www.indyneinc.com/employment/Employment/tabid/54/Pag... https://www.indyneinc.com/employment/Employment/tabid/54/Pag... Definitely: I stopped contributing (content and money) to Wikipedia after non-notable deletions ~2006 took out most of my contributions. At the time it was noted that it was easier to list a porn star (anything with a major distributor was automatically considered notable) than an academic who hadn't managed to get a real dead-tree newspaper article written about them (journals, awards, etc. didn't count as much as 2 paragraphs in USA Today). I hope that's changed since then but it definitely killed any interest I had in contributing more time for a uninterested editor to discard without comment. Kind of amusing given the extreme old-media bias they have for a web-based project: want to bet that a post on an NYT blog would count? Do you have top sites enabled? That's a comically inept botch (loading a 300MB image pack?) but with it disabled the difference versus Chrome is pretty minimal - it's mostly down to Chrome's ability to segregate CPU-hungry apps at that point. There are enough ugly apps on the app store that I find this argument unconvincing even if you accept the premise that this is reasonably Apple's job rather than customers choosing what to buy. This varies widely but our website code is definitely owned by NASA - they even run the version control system to make sure that other contractors don't "forget" to give it to them. We[1] have more text, a bigger video and other pictures here, too: http://science.nasa.gov/science-news/science-at-nasa/2010/21... [1] Speaking as one of the site developers, not to take credit from the scientists This already happens every day when the blame is passed through to Oracle, Gartner, etc. without any acknowledgement of the fact that, bad as the software truly is, it was selected and purchased at great cost and [usually] considerable delay by the people disclaiming responsibility. In other words, this will only be a fatal flaw if the business customers stop giving IT departments a free pass for being bad at technology. Just got around to watching it on Netflix a few weeks ago - the first movie in awhile which has kept us up talking about for nearly as long as it takes to watch. Highly recommended. If Microsoft were serious about this they'd have released a ChromeFrame-style compatibility mode when IE8 came out which would allow admins to use group policy[1] to load the old rendering engine for poorly supported (i.e. all) enterprise webapps and use the modern engine everywhere else. This is the same approach which will be necessary to address endemic security and reliability failures caused by bad architectural choices made for single-user desktops in the 90s. Since they finally shipped MED-V I suspect they'll probably use that approach and tell corporate customers that the only way to continue running IE6 is in an XP VM with some sort of on-demand launch scheme. 1. Setting an HTTP header would be easier but seems likely to allow phishers to opt-in to security holes and there's an argument that pushing the support cost off to app owners is better any way. Wouldn't it be better to exclude those requests from your stats rather than punishing your users for your choice of log analysis software? Release cycles matter: just randomly clicking through the tests, most of the reported failures for Safari or Chrome already work using WebKit or Chromium dev channel - both of which are likely to make it into official releases before IE9 comes out. This was never more than a minor delaying tactic: spammers have been capable of running JS for a long time (harvesters embedding IE via ActiveX have been around for at least a decade) but there hasn't been much pressure to do this since they still got billions of addresses which weren't obfuscated or were obtained by other means. I'll also note that I've never obfuscated my email address (chris@improbable.org) and spam arrived in roughly equal volumes there and to less public addresses which were guessable (except for test accounts created with MD5 hashes[1]). People do harvest addresses from web pages but there are enough other ways spammers get addresses that you need a robust filter in any case; once you have something like SpamAssassin or Google's filters, the value of keeping your address private disappears. [1] That also yielded the interesting datapoint that hotmail used to sell addresses to spammers in early last decade as the first spam arrived within 20 minutes to a long, random address created with the "don't publish my info" option. If you run their code in any way you're already giving them control of your system. Even if you're one of the vanishingly small number of people who use a separate admin account they're getting full control of your account if they want it. Installing a repo & apt key is a good sign that they're playing by the rules rather than trying something sneaky. There's a distinction to be made between preventing risky behaviour and relying only on a programmer's good judgement to avoid mistakes. Even if your team is solely good programmers there's a lot to be said for discouraging unsafe behaviour by default since anyone can have a bad day, distraction, etc. I view this situation as somewhat analogous to having guards on power tools: even a highly skilled operator doesn't want to rely on always doing something perfectly. After fixing that, I ran into an even more surprising error which someone had already reported - turns out a simple JavaScript closure chokes it: (function() {})(); http://code.google.com/p/closure-linter/issues/detail?id=3 I've also never seen a project where the templating engine was a noticeable part of performance. I did see one where the decision was made to switch to Jinja2 which brought a huge amount of work duplicating a bunch of existing Django template tags – which didn't make much of a difference in the face of the 8,000 database queries needed to generate a page. Even when iTunes was OS X only it felt awkward and unlike most other OS X programs. The problem is that they bought an OS 9 MP3 player (SoundJam) and have been hacking at it for years without doing the rewrite needed to get things like platform-standard UI, non-blocking I/O, etc. Any time you see a modal dialog, remember it started out on an OS which barely multitasked. Cross platform isn't an issue - Windows has equivalents for every single thing on your list, whether native or something they already ship like Apple Software Update. As far as package management goes, the problem here is that Apple simply does not care. The Mac sysadmin community has been asking for better solutions for years but it's just not a priority for Apple - even App Store updates, which theoretically are more important, have been broken[1] for something like the last 4 major iTunes releases but since it's merely clumsy and doesn't prevent sales it obviously hasn't been as important as a new version of some non-standard window controls. [1] The process is now: click on Apps. Click on "Get Updates". Click on "Get All Updates". Wait. Dismiss erroneous "The information on this page is outdated and must be refreshed" dialog. Click on Apps. Click on "Get Updates". Click on "Get All Updates". This from a UI powerhouse? The phone almost gets it right except for the gratuitous password nag. A great example of begging the question. The basic assumption is that Google's UIs are unpopular without any evidence that this is true; given the wide popularity among the people I know (even the designers) I think it'd be more accurate to say that Google is successfully producing clean, functional designs and not even attempting web design contest entries. UI is more than looking pretty - gmail is popular because it stays out of the way and lets you focus on content, which it handles quite well; in contrast, iTunes increasingly feels like a train-wreck because they swap icons without fixing any of the quirky behaviours and non-standard interface conventions which users must memorize. It was also a confusing comparison because a UI for managing a tightly-curated, highly-structured list containing on average a few thousand items pre-selected by the user isn't obviously relevant to arbitrarily searching across billions of unknown items. It'd be cool the feature which does that in iPhoto and Aperture worked better - it's not bad, and the Facebook integration is nice, but it's definitely still more work than it could be. It also has no real support, even at the enterprise level[1]. At MacWorld 2009, the entire Mac IT speakers track agreed that their best move had been switching all of their servers to Linux, hands-down, simply because Apple isn't interested in being a serious player in the server space. If you're a small design shop, yeah, an XServe is probably going to be fine but if your needs are any more serious this is a lot of risk to take for generally more expensive servers. [1] Simple example: 10.5.2 broke NFS permissions so non-owners could not write to files. The phone support could do nothing about this and we had two choices: wait months for the next fix, patch darwin ourselves and run with a custom kernel (i.e. completely unsupported), or use a different server. The situation's not much better on the hardware side. I'd be very curious in seeing a comparison with JPEG-XR, which has a number of nice advantages for photography. It's great for learning and playing with algorithms, particularly since you would save so much time which would otherwise be consumed with low-level details that you'd have a much better understanding of the overall program function when the time came to optimize. There's a real forest-for-the-trees problem optimizing something like C first. Alternately, if Microsoft had consulted with designers and users, and been less hostile to the concept of standards those features would actually have been used. At the time, however, they were in full strangulation mode and things like directly porting truly horrid Windows APIs (all DirectX features, drag and drop, rich text editing, etc.) was considered a feature because it made it much harder for anyone else to implement those for a competing browser or platform. The Web basically lost a decade thanks to browser vendors, particularly Microsoft, trying lock-in games. The OSS browsers are the only thing which saved it since none of the old corporate players valued quality or performance as much as market-share (and, consequently, OS licenses or advertising). US banks are so far in the past security-wise that it'll take aeons for them to adopt something like OAuth; most of them haven't even managed things like using email or telephone calls responsibly. What end-user Java applications are there for OS X? The only one which comes to mind is Crashplan but I'm sure it's lurking around in other places. PIN length is the wrong area to focus on. The two questions to ask are whether they block failed guesses and require out of band confirmation for major actions like transferring funds. Oh, goodie, another Google service I can't use until it works with a Google Apps account. Looks like they really need to fix Google Profiles… I've done the same: I'm just shocked by how badly broken the google apps support still is (no profiles or youtube while logged in, even with multiple accounts enabled?), given that they have actual paying customers using google apps. But not anywhere near what we see: BeOS on my 1999-era system handily trumped Linux, Windows or Mac OS on 2010 hardware (non-SSD) when it came to interactive performance, solely because it had a better I/O scheduler. Back then, I could surf the web without being constantly reminded that I had Mozilla compiling & DV streaming off of a camera; today I'm regularly reminded that work is happening in the background. This isn't to say that there aren't real limits or that BeOS was perfect (far from it) but simply that there's considerable room for improvement before we start hitting theoretical limits. My first reaction: your Django app was deployed / configured wrong and you should have tried … More correct, second reaction: deploying Java apps can be more enterprisey (depending on how much of the J2EE stack you're laboring under) but at least has well-known production-quality deployment options. This is an area where the community could use some serious consolidation. Anyone buying Xserves was already irked. OS X just isn't there QA-wise or support-wise (oh, gee, wasn't it cute when they broke NFS permissions until the next release?) for anything like a traditional server role. It's just not a priority for Apple except where it was a necessity for selling Mac clients. Standard rules for patent trolls: that'll happen later. They're going after little guys now so they can go into a case like that and claim that their patent must be good - just look at how many other companies paid up! You know, having used the web extensively since JavaScript was called LiveScript, I've never had a security issue where blocking JavaScript would have helped. Plugins, yes, using IE and ActiveX a thousand times yes but the only problems JavaScript has caused have been annoyances like ads. The reason is simple: JavaScript actually has a security model and browsers are one of the few bits of software with widely used update systems; plugins and most other applications are much easier targets (all of that juicy native code not coded defensively) and drift horribly out of date. So, yes, put me firmly on the list of people who find NoScript 70% PR, 20% clunk UI, and 10% meaningful improvement. Something like Chrome's sandbox and click-to-play will actually make a noticeable benefit for the web because it'll actually be used - and even that's somewhat minor since we're still losing the user education battle where most exploits are actively assisted by the user. Upvote just for being confident enough to mention that - everyone has an embarrassing learning experience like that in their history. Am I missing something? You just load a placeholder image and then after page load (or hitting a certain document scroll position or …) you alter the img src to point at the desired image. The main trick is avoiding making this jerky, which might really be more of a case of a single placeholder and then generating images on the fly as appropriate for the form-factor. That statement isn't strictly true as raganwald pointed out but it's also too broad: the current OOP item makes a far more defensible position: "...in the sense that we are still writing lots of new OO code instead of just plugging together reusable objects to design new systems". Using OOP to cleanly contain related code and data is far more defensible than the decades of claims that programmers would just plug things together like lego bricks, which is finally dying out but has left behind a wasteland of overly-ambitious projects which will never be used by more than one project but all carry the burden of trying to be as general as Java. Exactly as well as OpenID, only it's a much better understood problem and avoids a ton of confusion? Does the OSS community mean you or other people whose time you don't have to pay for? Open source works by volunteering and yet I don't see many people stepping up to work on an alternative. Are there any plans to offer test VM images as with previous versions? Argh, conflicts with django-district. I guess it's nice that there are so many local groups but it's exhausting my free evenings. I think some of it is simply a lag in market adjustment: older managers/corporate culture tend to have pre-internet habits about hiring like the assumption that recruiters are necessary to find good candidates and frequently the system is structured in a way which complicates getting people without going through a recruiter. The root problem is that many places don't measure performance and so you get the same problems which are endemic in marketing where successes are credited to people but failures are seen as systemic. At the last few places, our recruiters literally failed to provide a single qualified candidate (or even strong resume) but this was usually excused as a tough market - and while good people are always in short supply, taking the 30% cut which normally goes to the recruiter and giving it to the person would certainly help. Thanks - I've been wanting to test IE9 but the lack of XP compatibility prevented me from using it on the only VM OS I have. I'd love images which work on VMware or VirtualBox (or are at least have a license allowing conversion) for Mac users Your general point is true and worth repeating but that's a very weak example: pets.com and the rest of the bubble companies were overhyped by speculators for business reasons and failed for reasons which have very little to do with the technology which they happened to use. In that particular example, having had some professional interactions with some of their senior web developers makes me inclined to say that they were if anything tech-starved rather than dominated. Nice - how closely have you looked at yotaa.com? They seem to be doing a very similar play but are further along with UI and with testing from multiple locations. The flip-side is that anyone who needs to do reporting, aggregation, etc. is going to spend a lot of time reinventing stock behaviour while their competitors focus on building new features. Those competitors are more likely to get to the point where they have the relative luxury of deciding how to handle large numbers of users because they actually have them. It's also useful once you get out of trivial shell-scripts and need things like sane error handling or data structures, shell chains or escaping, etc. I wrote something like pdsh in the early 2000s in Perl and almost always used it to launch scripts written in a real programming language for any non-trivial task - e.g. even that yum command gets tricky if there's any possible interactive prompting going on or you want to parse output. Here's Fabric's parallelism ticket: http://code.fabfile.org/issues/show/19 CentOS users are basically free-loading, though, so if this bothers them they'd probably be better switching to a pure-community effort like Debian. If they're using CentOS because their company uses it, their boss can also pony up for some Red Hat licenses if they encounter problems. Open source != support. CentOS is using GPLed code, which is perfectly fine, but they have not reason to expect Red Hat to help them support it or otherwise do anything other than release changes. In this case, the value added by CentOS is relatively small - mostly hosting - and so it's not particularly persuasive when people complain about Red Hat, which currently provides considerably more to the community even without detailed change logs. I wish I had more than one upvote for this: swimming against a trend like that never works out well. I'm trying not to sound like a troll here but: why are you comfortable buying DRM time-bombs in fragile plastic form? I think Apple or Amazon's DRM servers are equally likely to be viable 10 years from now. I hope you have backups of those blu-ray discs: even assuming the media doesn't get lost, disappear in a fire, flood, etc. it has a limited lifespan before the media deteriorates. The manufacturers quote lifetimes which are far in excess of what's actually been verified - and that's for professionally produced media, not the home burners which generally use less durable media. Our guidelines recommend a 5 year lifecycle for archived media: http://digitalpreservation.gov/you/ That's conservative but at times I'm inclined to give up on tape, disc, etc. and simply say that you shouldn't rely on anything which isn't online and regularly verified (e.g. ZFS scrubs or manual checksum validation) - and since Blu-Ray hasn't sold particularly well combined with general consumer electronics trends makes me hesitant to say that you should assume easy access to a compatible drive over a decade from now. The real question is simply whether the estimated longevity of a Blu Ray disc is greater than the estimated longevity of one of the major online video vendors. I'm not sure I'd bet against the physical media deteriorating or drives requiring replacement or upgrades before then - and since it's usually cost-neutral across the form-factors, there's a temptation to bet on software lasting longer than hardware. That's why I stopped using PHP outright as well - after several inarguable bugs were just punted on, it became apparent that the core developers did not care and were not seriously interested in outside help. Even bow in the post-DVCS world, nothing kills a project faster than someone realizing that they're going to have to fork the whole thing if they want it to work. So rather than click once to install your internal CA you'd prefer to click once for every new site you add? Yes, they're a self-described IT tabloid. It can be entertaining but usually falls short. "Out of nowhere"? One of the perennial topics of the mid to late 90s was the idea that Perl needed major fixes to remove common pitfalls (e.g. the object model, syntax warts (nested structures are just horrid), etc) and be more suitable for large projects. Years passed. Perl 6 was talked about. Years passed. Nothing happened. People gave up and moved on. The same thing's happened to PHP - years of broken things not being fixed eventually causes people to distrust the language's future and prevented it from moving into new niches. Lisp is more complex, with far more redeeming features, but by now it shares the same failed-promise challenge: I've been writing software for a couple decades, so I missed out on the early history of Lisp, but for most of that time I've kept hearing about how great it is and how it'll soon be as productive as the inferior languages people actually use to get work done - and that point's always been in the future, never the present. Clojure is the only potential exception which I see to that and, to be honest, a large part of that would be due to the Java community's foundation. If you run their client you've already made the decision to trust them to behave responsibly. The rest of this discussion is simply about obfuscation. Not nearly as often as I type actual code or need to think about something. Plus in normal usage it's "g " since I have shell history searching. They'll drop support once the costs become significant relative to the number of users. Right now, older IE versions have a much higher cost due to being built on an antique rendering engine - Firefox 3.6 is generally far less expensive unless you actually depend on certain more recent features because it wasn't missing support for so many basic features (e.g. think of the impact on your CSS without something like inline-block versus, say, box-shadow). It's a hard problem because there are many different things which can cause downtime: S3 is simple and redundant but also limited so they constrain the engineering problem to something manageable. If you need anything more complex than delivering static content, you have to spend the effort thinking about what's important to you and how you're comfortable spending and/or compromising to meet that reliability goal. The answers for this tend to be pretty specific to your business needs and tech stack. They could get the same thing by simply reading Amazon's recommendations and having EC2 servers in multiple regions as well. Most people either don't need reliability or failed to plan for it - the only difference with EC2 is that it's easier to add redundancy when you don't have to deal with physical hardware, network connections, etc. httplib2 is part of why you should use requests: it's far more respectable as a client but not as well documented and it still takes way too much code for basic operations. I appreciate what httplib2 is trying to do, that there's a ton of hard low-level annoyances in building a modern HTTP client, but really, just use requests instead. Kenneth Reitz is very motivated and he gets the degree to which simple things should be simple whereas httplib2 feels more like an academic exercise than something people should use to build production systems[1]. Disclosure: I'm listed in the requests AUTHORS file but can claim credit for, oh, about 0.0001% of the awesomeness. 1. http://code.google.com/p/httplib2/issues/detail?id=96 is a good example: an annoying bug which affect many people, there was a fix available for months, which worked great when I applied it in a fork and pounded a couple TB of data through it, but it took over a year to make it into trunk and even longer to make it onto PyPI where any other project which required "httplib2" would get the working version. DTrace and ZFS are both great and lack competitive alternatives on Linux. For years, the horrid state of Solaris' userland made it hard to justify order-of-magnitude support increases but this lets you use the best parts without having to suffer through things like a system-destroying package updater[1] simply to get a reliable filesystem. 1. At a previous employer, we bought Sun compute nodes. Nice hardware, arrived with Solaris 10 preinstalled. Each time we got a new shipment I'd get them racked and see if the updater wouldn't render the system unbootable after the first run. Second reboot was always to the Debian installer. We had great experiences with NetApp's products and support but it was priced accordingly. In many cases, yes, because you can only afford gold-plated storage for your most important apps. No one is questioning that it's better, just whether it makes sense to conflate a still unfortunately hypothetical system with something immediately available. Until the US financial system starts taking security seriously, I can't force them to switch to token-based auth but I can start using a password manager. I also find the distinction above almost meaningless for webapps: if an attacker has privileged access, you're screwed. Maybe they can't make actions while you're not logged in but they can hijaack the session and control everything you see each time you do login. Using a more trustworthy client is your only realistic option until banks start requiring one-time codes for every transaction. It's a facile dismissal - exactly the kind of fanboy behaviour you're accusing others of engaging in. "Oh, it's just the brand" claims imply that the speaker a) either doesn't understand or is ignoring the relationship between correlation and causation and b) appears to think complex decisions are binary. I think you just proved my point: your specific reasons for not buying Apple products aren't universal. Other people who don't have your particular software requirements (probably 90% of people in the web-centric era) aren't going to weigh those downsides so highly when comparing price, battery life, hardware quality, available software, etc. - all areas where Android, et al. are struggling to keep up. Saying "it's about the brand" is too simple because it could mean "Buzz / clinging to past glory" (i.e. the Sony strategy) or "well earned reputation for producing products people like" and heavily papering over the reasons in the latter case. "90s database technology" in the sense that it's hard to work with and the support costs are unnecessarily high. The protocol is hard to work with - which makes debugging less appealing and thus most people avoid trying - and no server I've seen with the arguable exception ActiveDirectory has well-designed logging for typical sysadmin needs. Beyond that everyone other than Microsoft uses the OpenLDAP code, which has a number of basic errors and rough-edges. slapd has numerous deadlock conditions and the only backend which doesn't have a low risk of corrupting your data (MySQL) is discouraged. The client libraries had basic design failures for aeons - the most glaring being the assumption that the network is perfect and will never drop or delay packets (timeouts are checked after blocking operations return, which takes several days due to retries at multiple levels). This means that OS X, Linux, FreeBSD, etc. clients will become unusable if your LDAP server is less than perfect - and since slapd deadlocks under normal use, this will occur sporadically. The developers were largely in denial about this - my patch to set SO_RCVTIMEO / SO_SNDTIMEO was ignored with unproven claims that this would magically work in the bleeding-edge trunk version (untrue then, could have changed now) but the libpam-ldap maintain is more conscientious so the similar patch there was accepted a couple years ago so at least Linux clients actually attempt to failover. #1 and #6 are increasingly solvable using CSS and they are, of course, completely possible using SVG or canvas depending on what else you're doing. The libraries need some serious work to be more consistent - after battling font embedding inconsistencies and bugs I really wanted to use CSS. I liked a couple parts of AS3 but … the toolchain so horribly broken that at this point I wouldn't consider Flash unless Adobe gives me a free upgrade from CS3 to something where the "debugger" doesn't crash frequently and things like breakpoints actually work. I'd tend to think $800+ should get you remotely near feature-comparable with current browser debugger. Basically this is a long way of saying that point #2 is a huge drawback from my perspective because Flash is integrated but none of the individual components are as good as what competition's producing in the open world and Adobe's been very slow to try fixing years of platform neglect. The problem is a massive network effect: almost everything supports LDAP - even Active Directory uses LDAP under the hood - and so there's a real network effect working against attempts to introduce something simpler. I was half-tempted to say "Facebook" since I'd lay even odds that LDAP won't be replaced by a similar network protocol rather than something which brings other selling points to increase the benefit of switching, and indeed it's becoming more and more common to use web-based authentication systems so that might be the eventual successor. Something like ldap.js does seem like a good compromise: using a real database and a modern implementation without so much legacy baggage would probably be the best bet as you wouldn't be forced to upgrade every client just to get a working server. Suing won't always help but the best thing which could happen for US capitalism is for some of the large banks to fail and be broken up, with lawsuits against their former managers. If there is to be suing, hope it goes large enough to act as a deterrent against fraud and gross incompetence - the government certainly isn't stepping into this role… I'd support this more if they weren't using https - since the user's going to run it anyway, there's no real advantage over any other means of getting this file onto their system. Well-known http:// urls are worse since they allow interesting spoofing attacks if they become popular. In other words, you missed the point entirely: this is more continued evidence-free speculation, complete with hand-wave theorization that there has been a gender-based task division matching the dominant Western religious-driven socialization for hundreds of thousands of years when we have no data for more than a small percentage of that period and considerable evidence that the proposed specialization wasn't globally true even during that small period of time where we do have data. It's highly likely that there are measurable differences in the capabilities between male and female brains but neuroscience is very far from being able to explain anything high-level enough to start speculating about the complex skills relevant to these discussions: say, hypothetically, that we found evidence suggesting male brains tend to be 10% faster at detecting the path of a fast moving object or recognizing orientation of geometric shapes - does that tell you anything about someone's ability to write a research paper or debug a program? The other major confound is that many people rely on MRI data to support claimed differences and even assuming that the technology is precise enough and the relevant brain structures well understood enough (neither of which is really true) all that will tell you is what the brain looks like now, not why: children who play the piano extensively will have different brain structure but it's from years of practice causing hypertrophy, not because there's a pianist gene pre-ordaining that they would be good performers. Finally, "Evolution put those differences in brain structure for a reason" demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding of the mechanism: there are many, many examples of things which exist by accident (e.g. the crazy design of our eyes) or because they're connected to something which is beneficial enough to compensate for the drawbacks. Also note that there are intermediate levels: we used to send tech support & systems engineers out rather than the core developers. They were used to talking to customers, knew enough to answer most questions and when they didn't could generate ensure that the question going back was well formed and went to the right person. I realize evolutionary psychology is exciting but it's also very dubious as science because it isn't predictive or falsifiable in most cases. This speculation is what you're calling "application of theory". If you want to claim scientific credibility, do some actual neuroscience with a testable experiment producing hard data quantifying the exact degree to which differences in the size of certain structures is heritable and the effects it had on high-level cognition. This is a lot harder than ret-conning sexism on the Internet and it would be worth contemplating why close to half of the scientists actually doing this work are doing so despite being female. Regarding my point on high-level differences: "high-level" simply means anything using more than a simple circuit - walking is a high-level activity and talking is an extraordinarily high one because you have everything from motor control to language and abstract thought driving it. Any high-level activity is based on low-level functions, yes, but there are always multiple strategies to solve problems and the brain is notoriously adaptable (this is how e.g. congenitally blind people end up using the visual cortex for other tasks) You've reduced your timeframe by an order of magnitude but are still clinging to this hunter/gatherer gender divide which is unsupported by evidence. This Disney history, not anthropology. There is considerable evidence that gender divides were less pronounced prior to the rise of agriculture - and that almost nobody got the majority of their calories from hunting; certainly many women hunted and fished as well - it's almost never about pure brute force (a better tracker is going to trump a muscular lummox every time). Finally, remember how MRI works: it tells you where millions of neurons were using oxygen in the recent past. It doesn't tell you why, distinguish between the highly specified types of neurons, or allow you to see patterns in behavior. It's still a useful tool but you should think of it like comparing programs by dividing a CPU in quadrants and measuring the average heat in each area after running the programs for awhile. Finally: you still ascribe purpose to evolution. If something didn't kill you before you reproduce, there's little pressure to remove it. Arthritis is common but hardly selected for. > > This is a lot harder than ret-conning sexism on the Internet > "ret-conning"? Do you mean retroactive continuity? In what way does that apply to anything I wrote? Is that an accusation of sexism on the part of an argument that advocates the possibility of innate gender differences? Evolutionary psychology is a useful thought exercise but it fails to produce many falsifiable hypotheses, mostly due to the combination of limited historical evidence and the inability to conduct experiments. What this means in practice is that you should be skeptical of claims that existing social customs exist because of biology in the absence of strong evidence that such biological differences exist, have the stated effect and are not explained by other means. Any neuroscientist will tell you that there are differences between male and female brains (really, it's more accurately caused hormone levels which that simple gender binary doesn't accurately express); they will also tell you that there's insufficient understanding how these low-level differences affect higher level abilities (reading, logic, etc.). This doesn't mean that there aren't effects but rather that anyone who's trying to use this in support of traditional Western gender roles is significantly in advance of what the evidence supports. > > This Disney history, not anthropology. I actually expected a response like this. I'm using "males go hunting" and "females tend to the family at home" imagery so it must be a cartoonish simplification, right? The fact that the remainder of your paragraph went on to accept that your original argument was, in fact, over-simplified suggests that it was. Again, nobody is arguing that men tend to be stronger but that doesn't tell you much about daily life, what the average person ate or how their children were raised. Since there are many examples of cultural differences in all of these areas, I submit that this cannot be so broadly described. > As does "hundreds of thousands of years ago". The two overlap. No change of time-frames. I stand by my earlier observation that 100,000 and 10,000 are an order of magnitude apart. This is actually of some significance as we have extremely little information for human life 100,000 years ago and even 10,000 years is still paltry; by the time you get into areas where we have much information about daily life (how would we be able to tell if it were common for men and women to hunt and gather together 100k years ago?), particularly at a level sufficient to shed any light at all on division of labor, socialization is already a major factor confounding any biological arguments. > Not that that has anything to do with the accusation that I ascribe purpose to evolution, of which you provided no evidence. See the previous paragraph, where you repeated it again. You cannot simply look at something's existence and conclude that it has been specifically selected for. It's highly likely that some minor differences might simply be due to things like different hormone levels at various points which trigger different, worthwhile changes; similarly since human brains take years to develop it's also hard to separate out the effects of practice. Adults who grew up without exposure to written text have significant differences in their brain structure which are entirely social but brain imaging can't tell you why. Going back to the topic, there are e.g. studies finding early gender preferences for colors but none of them can say how much is innate and how much is learned. Since this has dragged on far too long, I'm going to leave a final summary of my position: 1. Our understanding of how the brain works is still quite limited, particularly when it comes to complex behaviour. 2. We have relatively little historical data beyond the last few thousand years, making general statements of any sort hard to support. We simply don't have the data. 3. Because humans are such social animals and we don't do experiments on our young, it's extremely difficult to avoid confounds due to socialization. In particular, many questions are going to have problems determining causation. 4. Scientific claims are held to a high standard: hard data, falsifiability, predictiveness, etc. All of this means that attempts to explain complex behaviour in terms of innate biology are decades ahead of scientific support. It can be interesting to discuss and could possibly even motivate people to advance the science to answer some of these questions but it's premature to call any of it science. At least 10 seconds, although in fairness I've used Windows since 3.0 without any of the above and have yet to experience a problem because of it. It's just not a suitable configuration for the average user. It was a game: I'd give almost certain odds this was an intentional copy-protection/anti-cheating scheme. So, say I do use a document database and object serialization is indeed easy and fun again. Now I need to do reporting, only it's really slow until I heavily denormalize (i.e. reinvent half of a SQL database and update every time my reports change). Now I need to share data across objects so it turns out I did need joins after all. Maybe I could invent an Object-Non-Relational-Mapper to make some of that complexity easier to maintain… None of this is saying a particular technology is wrong or bad but it's a reminder that Eric was right to point out that they all have drawbacks which developers should consider when picking a good fit for their application. Blindly asserting that a particular one is good or bad is no better than telling carpenters they only need hammers. Even Google, for all of their massive resources and BigTable's deserved respect, uses a ton of SQL databases - and they didn't add support to AppEngine simply because they were unwilling to tell developers to try something new. div's comment summed it up: one of the most useful MySQL patch sets floating around was released by Google to help address scalability ( http://code.google.com/p/google-mysql-tools/ ) and this appears to have continued until the present: https://groups.google.com/d/msg/google-mysql-tools/Bc7P5SIRC... I also know that they use at least one big financial reporting packages but I'm not sure whether the use of Oracle Hyperion is evidence for or against wisdom. Depends on your software stack, too: the Athlon system I bought in 2000 had no trouble running a web browser with multiple windows while simultaneously compiling, transcoding DV, having email & IM open, etc. on BeOS. We've gained in many areas but I think it took the hail-mary SSD migration to dodge the usability hit from poor I/O scheduling on Windows, OS X, Linux, etc. This is far from saying BeOS was perfect (e.g. networking was wretched, there was no pervasive color management or visual quality from the switch to GPU compositing) but rather that some of our memories are colored more by the software than underlying hardware. Definitely: for at least half a decade most of the HPC people I've worked with or for had power and cooling as the primary constraint, not space or budget. Things like switching to centralized DC (vs. in-server power supplies), getting disks out of cluster nodes, etc. but there was an obvious problem when a rack of servers was roughly comparable BTU-wise to a large gas grill running at maximum. If you're going to store in a relational database anyway, why have the expense of having to develop and support both? It'd make more sense to try to either denormalize - with some support framework - or just use the SQL database from the beginning, the deciding factor being how important aggregate operations are to your app and simple questions like how much your NoSQL database costs to operate vs. your SQL database. tl;dr: "Know your data access patterns and pick a good fit with your resources" Forget operating costs, one major biological research center I knew of hit (IIRC) 20% of their maximum server space before the power company said they'd need to run a new high-voltage line at $$$ and years of delays even if the neighbors didn't kill it. I believe they were able to jump on the lower-power hardware as that market developed but it certainly got a lot of attention in the community. This probably counts as an argument for both sides: http://research.google.com/pubs/pub37200.html What does "Go to anything" offer versus TextMate / ST2's Command-T file jump feature? As far as I can tell the two do exactly the same thing. Ah, thanks, that's a combination of the TextMate go to file / go to symbol. I've been using Command-T/(Command-R/Control-G) in ST2 since the magic syntax for symbol or line navigation wasn't obvious. Except for the iPhone app, with multi-hour delays required for a refresh to actually load new notifications, comments, etc. It'd be fine if push notifications could simply purge the cache since those arrive instantly even if it takes the better part of a day for new comments to actually be displayed on the post. There's a major downside to all of this complexity, however, because it degrades really poorly: I routinely see 30+ second page loads in Google Plus because they load a ton of code and you won't see anything until it completes 80-130 requests (warm/cold cache respectively) to load almost 5MB of resources! An ugly, non-interactive 1994-style simple HTML page would be far more useful to me at such times… In practice, this happens to me multiple times a day on a normal connection and more frequently on congested or hotel crappy WiFi. That's only the most recent version of Flash and that assumes that a) it hasn't been disabled by the kind of conservative-bordering-on-ossified IT groups which still use IE6, b) the user has permissions to install the update, and c) the user reboots when prompted. Flash updates are still a problem unless you use Chrome. Chrome Frame nicely addresses all of these concerns I've seen plenty of people point to the single-source vendor as a major concern. Given Adobe's failure to competitively maintain any platform they've acquired most people I know were careful not to put too much trust in something which could be discontinued at any point. You're leaving out several key parts: * reddit on GAE would have no options if they ran into a feature which is too expensive on the GAE architecture. Reddit on EC2 has been able to change their backend architecture dramatically to deal with growth and new features — that's a really powerful thing to give up since it means you aren't limited to GAE's lowest-common-denominator functionality. * Even assuming reddit could affort to spend kilobucks per day on GAE, how many good sysadmins and developers could they hire for that same amount of money? At their scale, the answer is a LOT of people - and that gives a lot more flexibility since money going to GAE is a sunk cost which scales linearly with traffic whereas people generally give better than linear returns. The author has this completely backward: this is fundamentally a social problem - the difference is that with GitHub it's actually visible. Anyone old enough to remember the pre-DVCS era should remember chasing down patches in bug trackers, blog posts, etc. and maintaining local forks — with the requisite terror-inducing periodic gigantic merges. Now we've lost all of the manual labor in that process and made it easy for anyone who wants to do things the right way to do so – it's still possible to waste your collaborators' time if you really want to but before it was almost a requirement of the process. As a minor point of craft, this also illustrates an area where more training is needed: the problems described are most common when someone makes a fork and keeps every single commit in a single branch. Using feature branches – and it'd be awesome if Github started encouraging that with the fork & edit model – makes most of the listed problems far more manageable. That's only relevant if all you do is search. If you're using a commodity search engine, as so many people are, an AWS offering lets you shrink the number of areas which you have to think about so you can focus on your big ideas. nginx is a much weaker proxy and doesn't allow as much customization as Varnish does. A coworker also ran into some basic HTTP compliance issues with nginx's cache and Vary headers - IIRC it simply ignores them outright. If you need more than very basic caching it's usually better to use Varnish because it's obsessively focused on doing that job well. Depending on how you choose to implement it, this may also result in cleaner architecture if you have Varnish as a simple HTTP brick with little knowledge of the backend implementation, leaving all of the gory details to nginx. Entertaining, given how bad the Flash toolchain is: I'd have to be in a very bad performance spot to consider giving up a stable, functioning debugger, real text editor, usable tools and high quality APIs. If you're looking for a more mature service, particularly if you're already using Sphinx, checkout http://readthedocs.org/ which includes nice things like full text search, PDF generation, versioning, etc. and supports other hosting sites and version control systems. Or use only public-key authentication. I've run many internet-exposed servers for years without problems or kludgy obscurity measures like port knocking simply by disabling all forms of password authentication. This is faster, easier and has the advantages of not requiring non-standard client software, being observable by an attacker on the same network, and avoids the sort of rote password entry which causes mistakes and discourages long, complex passwords. You can do this with policy (or a custom SSH client) but it's really a mistake to treat it as the same situation unless your users are in the habit of sharing their private SSH key files around. In most situations, getting access to the key file requires a local client compromise - at which point the attacker could simply install a keylogger. You only need the ability to write to a file in your home directory. In the case of a VPS you could do that before editing the sshd config (in large environments this is trivially automated as part of your install process, which is why e.g. Ubuntu EC2 images ship with public-key-only SSH by default). In the case of a shared server you can't disable password auth, which is a powerful argument for using a unique password since that system is far more likely to be compromised. It's still a service which you have to maintain and there's constant config & upgrading required since some spammers are smart enough to test their messages with it first. I've run SA professionally for modest (low hundreds) of users. It works reasonably well but it's a job and I'm not paid to do it personally. Two notes: you appear to be unaware that gmail can be fully keyboard driven (press ?). Second, after years of using mutt I very, very, rarely miss the extra features: 99% of my use was doing things like viewing attachments or links, which is implicit to webmail This seems like a good move but they have a much greater need to copy Chrome's auto-update for Flash, both to deal with the massive legacy install base and to make any successful escalations from the sandbox less long-lived The big question is scale: tape robot systems are expensive to purchase and somewhat less reliable compared to an HDD so you have significant infrastructure costs bringing up the storage system, establishing a system of off-site rotation and redundancy, testing restores on separate drives (one common failure mode is that a tape drive slowly goes out of alignment, writing data which cannot be read by a calibrated drive), etc. These are great examples of something which could be commodified so a provider could amortize them across many customers but the margins are continually tightening. I think it's more that they want the ability to ship a revocation as cheaply and easily possible rather than tying it to a binary release. Windows has had a secure storage system for a long time ( http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms995355 ) but, unsurprisingly, many developers chose not to use it and there were limited tools for interacting with it in the base install. You sound like the slashdot review of the iPod: even if all of the features were possible before does not mean there's no benefit to producing a solid, high-quality implementation. As for Nest's claims, I assume you're talking about energy savings and, if so, are so very, very wrong: I'm a software developer and rarely adjusted the program on my old Honeywell thermostat because it took a minimum of 7 * 3 button clicks (morning, evening, night for each day of the week) simply to navigate through the program. I'm rather confident that the average American is even less likely to put up with all of that clicking and simply leaves at anything which isn't uncomfortable, even if it does waste power. You asserted that it was “a non-solution for a non-problem” - the onus is on you to explain why the stated problems aren't real or how the Nest doesn't solve them. As for the promise of saving energy, either reading Nest's citations or spending a second or two on Google might prove educational as to the current gap between what is technically possible and what people actually do: http://www.getrichslowly.org/blog/2011/03/21/do-programmable... Ask anyone who's been there and they'll tell you that load balancers only make DDoS attacks harder. Unless you have something like AWS AutoScaling, they'll just generate more traffic - and if you do, it would quickly become a financial DDoS. That's why sites like Yahoo.com have been taken out: you have finite server capacity but the attacker merely has to find another another exploitable system somewhere on the Internet. The way you deal with a DDoS is hard: you can try to identify distinguishing characteristics of the attack so traffic can be blocked as far out as possible and you try to figure out who's behind the attack so you can get law-enforcement involved. Otherwise you're just playing whack-a-mole with compromised home computers all around the globe… See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DNS_spoofing The basic technique takes advantage of the fact that DNS allows you to provide additional information in a response so the response for ev1l.hax0rs.org can return a reply which says "This is handled by ns.reddit.com. Oh, by the way, ns.reddit.com is 1.2.3.4"; any server which doesn't properly validate that last part would add the incorrect ns.reddit.com record to its local cache and potentially use it to handle requests for other clients. I completely agree that developers need to handle some promotion but there's a bigger reason for Apple to improve app discovery: the users. People who find apps they like are going to buy more and increase their lock-in to the platform. Let Android start catching up revenue-wise and I suspect Apple will find they can have a UI expert look at iTunes and fix so many of the glaring warts. That's a better question for the original poster - I described the generic technique but haven't heard of anyone successfully applying it to Google Public DNS. OS X server was definitely peanuts: they never took it seriously as a product and it's an expensive area to be in. The “support“ process was basically gated by you telling your Apple rep how many Macs you couldn't buy until a bug was fixed. Put another way, in 2009 at MacWorld there was unanimous consent among my fellow IT track speakers that anyone with non-trivial needs should be using Linux servers for Mac clients, due entirely to the obvious low priority of the server product. Making it a $50 app store add-on is the first step in simply acknowledging that Apple is really a consumer product company and unwilling to devote the significant resources needed to stay competitive in the traditional IT market. Again, it's not implied when you state it categorically in headers. If there's a CDN or load balancer out there which breaks your Content-Type headers it's much, much better to replace it with something which follows HTTP a bit closer. The part which struck me: "For the times when you do need to rewrite history in Mercurial, you can turn to extensions like collapse, histedit and MQ. Keeping this functionality out of core prevents new users from accidentally using it until they’re ready." What this means in practice: when you need to rebase in Git, you simply do so. When you need to rebase in Mercurial, you have to enable a bunch of extensions which aren't well polished or documented because they're not part of the standard feature set and many people have been discouraged from using them. That second situation is far more likely to cause data loss, which is a pity because rewriting local history is a valid operation which often produces cleaner commits and avoids merge failures. I started using Mercurial earlier than Git but have been using both for years. Mercurial remains the only one where I have experienced data-loss (histedit) and the one where I had to switch to a less natural workflow to deal with limitations of the tool (e.g. patch queues are such a kludge-fest it's obvious that nobody really believes you should use this feature). I'm aware that they're shipped but disabled by default. I think there's something of mental blind-spot, however, because they're discouraged or treated as something only experts should use: I've never seen anything like the level of obscure error messages or cumbersome UI in any part of Mercurial which is enabled by default. I think it deserves more respect as a valid working style. I would disagree with the statement regarding history rewriting and non-expert users, to note two exceptions: Git's amend commits are extremely easy to explain and rebase is not that much harder for common cases. These same users are going to have issues with merges and rely on good tool support nearly as much in that situation, too. What I think would be welcome in Git is the very nice phased commit feature you mentioned. That's a great example of where the concern should have been directed towards the UI rather than the operation. It's a little bit of an overgeneralization but it's a feature which is disabled by default and generally described with caveats like for experts only, in certain situations, etc. while it's such a routine way of life for Git users. I really do believe that's the sign that the Mercurial community is a lot less comfortable with that working style in general and that impression has been supported by the general clunkiness and obscure failures which is completely unlike the normal Mercurial experience, suggesting patch queues are an under-loved feature. I am happy to see phased commits - perhaps that'll start leading to a little more UI support for operations which historically were considered edgy. Rest assured, I've been in that sort of situation. However I've never found it viable long term to take on additional complexity rather than pushing back against a group which is obstructing progress - ultimately you're accepting more work and risk to help reduce the pressure on them to stop underperforming. PIL is also somewhat labyrinthine, so porting may be particularly slow. I've been using ctypes to load GraphicsMagick (JAI on Jython), which is easier to start and less of a challenge where PyPy is concerned: https://github.com/acdha/NativeImaging There's also a very new project started here at PyCon to build a completely native Python imaging library: https://github.com/ojii/pymaging Obviously it's nowhere near as fast, although it'll be interesting to see how PyPy performs I believe Jonas is approaching it from his position as a web developer and Django author who's spent a LOT of time dealing with requests from people who've had trouble with PIL and generally only use 8-bit RGB. I'd be reluctant to condemn a project which is a few days old. Having spent time wrestling with optimizing the horror which is the PIL code, I'd definitely suggest that having a pure Python implementation will make it much easier for people to experiment with API and performance improvements. Even before I deleted my Google+ account, this was a problem for months. As far as I can tell, nobody at Google is seriously approaching major UI annoyance in Google+ - it's all about the flash and ads. Unsurprisingly, since deleting my account I've had no reason to regret that decision and have enjoyed the complete lack of notification spam. Thurott is more Microsoft-centric than Gruber, who does write about other things, and generally just not as polished a writer or open to criticizing his “side”. I think you get a certain pass on HN if you write long pieces about typography and other web miscellany, particularly if you're above average as a writer You need different regions for DR in any case. It's hardly unprecedented for network issues like this to take down multiple data centers in an area even when they're not part of the same provider. You missed my point: this is not a cloud problem except to vendors looking to sell non-cloud hosting. Any region is vulnerable - some clown with a backhoe, congestion / DDoS, routing screwups, etc. have taken out data centers in entire areas (Los Angeles, SF, NY, etc.) even when providers thought they had more redundancy. If you really need it, you spend the money on wide geographic separation. It's measuring the overhead of a set of open()/read()/close() syscalls - exactly the situation where you would want to use the cache to avoid physical disk latencies swamping the language variation. Most of the Mozilla people, whom I otherwise quite respect, didn't like to admit that you're also almost certain to end up needing to pay royalties to ship any other decoder as well. The difference is that if you use H.264 your startup can know exactly what the costs will be whereas using WebM means you're just going to have to wait until you make enough money for someone to sue you. The Mozilla people wasted a ton of energy conflating WebM with open-ness rather than directing attention to the actually problem: current patent law. As long as someone else can show up and demand money for independent work the environment will predisposed against complete openness. You are aware that women are sentient beings, right? I hope it was unintentional but your post reeks of objectification. Everything you mention is technically possible but it's unclear that they are actually well used, with considerable evidence (see NYC's recent data release) that the numbers are used by people who are completely unprepared to work with complex data. Even the value add comparisons are hard to draw correct conclusions from without more context: a student shows no improvement in math. Did they have a bad teacher, an attendance problem or was it something like being an ESL student who has never received the help needed to understand their classes? That's not the kind of analysis which happens when the tests are effectively a single number which determines careers. > Not quite, but almost. It means that variation among existing teachers impact less than the size of measurement, and the current crop of teachers are basically interchangeable cogs. Or that the students - and their parents - are a very important factor with significant variation and classes a relatively small sample size. Ask any teacher and they can tell stories about how different classes can be - and how much a school having a weak discipline policy will ensure that many students will have poorer classroom experiences because of one or two difficult students. It's not like we don't know how to do scientific measurements of complex systems but it's expensive and slow at a time when the political requirement is fast and cheap. It'd be awesome if school districts actually hired people with backgrounds doing serious statistical analysis or large-scale studies with human subjects but nobody is jumping to fund that. Here are two tests: one expects you to quickly provide low-precision values for common trig calculations which can be easily passed using rote memory to learn sin/cos/tin for common values. The other is a free-response question requiring you to explain what sin/cos/tan actually mean and label a triangle accordingly. Both of those are standardized tests. The latter actually tells us whether the student understood the material but the former is much cheaper to grade and report on. Agreed: My wife is a teacher and I'm not sure I'd describe it as extra vacation rather than compensation for the unpaid overtime during the school school year, particularly since teachers have a very rigid schedule. I do recall a lot of aggrieved Windows fanboys complaining about them – and each time concluding that the problem was failing to understand the priorities of average users or how badly the traditional PC market had failed the average user. The situation is quite similar today with spec-obsessed Android reviewers failing to understand why everyone else is buying iPhones because most people just don't care about an extra 100Mhz or .3" screen size difference when the trade-off is a carrier-mangled UI or worse apps. HTML isn't a container at all but what you're describing is basically ePub3 - HTML and resources inside a container, designed for reflow and other advanced scenarios which clash with PDF's basic philosophy. The developer mindset on Windows is still stuck in the 90s, and most of the exploits are due to the laggards who've never taken the user experience for updating very seriously (Adobe, Sun/Oracle, various streaming video players, etc.) or treating security as an optional feature and installing with insecure defaults (see previous list). Mac culture has been less user-hostile for a long time so Mac apps usually have e.g. automatic updaters (and rarely the crazy login-to-vendor-website-to-download insanity) and lack installers, making it less common to require authentication or slop things around the entire filesystem. This is not perfect but it avoids some of the pathologies which Microsoft (and Chrome) are slowly dragging the Windows community out of. I agree with the general point but this seems more of an indictment of other languages than a plus for PHP: with PHP, it's easy to get started with the most simple features - and then it takes years to learn how to cope with the language quirks and inconsistencies, deal with outright bugs, and learn a number of non-obvious ways in which your “working” site might be hacked due to a hidden language feature. There are two ways in which this could be dealt with: one would be for PHP to have a change of religion by the core developers and start a massive cleanup project fixing API warts, adding placeholders to or deprecating the default MySQL driver, etc. This wouldn't be easy but it wouldn't be especially difficult except that the core developers are usually hostile to suggestions that they fix, or even document, mistakes. The other would be for other languages to start simplifying the learning process - Google AppEngine is probably the easiest intro of all, albeit with a severely non-standard architecture, Rails.app, etc. I think a language like Python or Ruby is likely to gain a smooth dev server install before PHP becomes less treacherous. (Pro-PHP flamers: I started using PHP back in 1999. Your arguments are not new.) Start as J. Random Noob: they need to install python, virtualenv, etc. before learning how to create a module, create multiple config files and so forth. Technically PHP isn't much easier if you need to compile it, configure Apache, etc. but in practice they just pay $1/mo for a crappy hosted account where they simply upload a file and start fiddling. This is a trivial distinction for a professional developer but there are quite a few PHP users who started with a personal homepage and grew from there – and despite the stereotype, they're not all designers, either. That's why I like the Rails.app idea: give today's bright 13-year-old a nice, easy path to getting something visible and let them get hooked before they need to learn all of this other stuff. For a few things, yes, but there's no way to disable the Google-wide badge or the iOS push notification badging. I ended up deleting my Google+ account because that was the only way to avoid this constant badge spam. This does not actually work for being added to circles. I'm becoming increasingly strict avoiding things like that: if Google doesn't care about wasting my attention, why help them by using their service? Alternately: “Why vuru is probably trolling for page-views with baseless speculation” Steve Jobs was a key figure in the history of our industry but it's not like he built the iPhone personally and the entire team didn't depart with him. In contrast, RIM has had bad management for many years and no track-record of successfully building a consumer product - Apple could get there but it's not going to happen quickly or with any plausible single mistake. Yes, it's great. Not because of anything specific to what they're doing with it but because it fundamentally changes the game from you jumping through whatever flaming hoops the network vendor chooses to provide to being able to implement what makes sense for your business. If you haven't dealt with network gear before, it's like going back 3-4 decades in general computing: bizarre, obscure UIs, features which are complicated by very strict limits, management is a bolt-on after-thought generally treated as a profit center ("We'll sell you tools to deal with our arcane UI!"), paid bug fixes which have to be installed by hand, interoperability across vendors is very limited, etc. "gofmt -w" actually rewrites the files. I'd love a Python formatter which applies the robotic parts of PEP-8 automatically so you could focus on the parts which require more thought. HR process, yes, but there's a huge difference: most (not all but definitely 90+%) of recruiters are simply searching Google for buzzwords and forwarding you over to HR (for this, they expect large amounts of money - typically 6 months of your first year salary). HR usually filters again and ships it through to the actual group which is hiring. Having a friend on the inside avoids two potential filter failures without having to actually change the HR process - it's saving HR the cost and hassle of a recruiter and essentially assuring them that they're not going to get flack for wasting anyone's time if they forward your resume through to the actual hiring manager. > I haven't re-installed the OS (this was an App Store upgrade from Snow leopard) because that's a major pain in the ass as this is an actual workstation used to do actual work. This has never been hard to do on OS X since 10.0 because they followed the Unix convention of separating user data from system files. It is, of course, rarely necessary unless you've used superuser access to seriously muck with things under /System. I've done this repeatedly over the years when dealing with beta releases & system migrations and it's never taken much longer than the time needed to copy the files. Use something like fs_usage to see which of your programs is churning the disk. This is not the normal state of Lion; there are two system services (Spotlight and Time Machine) which can generate tons of background I/O through normal operation - I usually disable TM outright and make sure Spotlight ignores my development folder. Music: many people seem to use Dropbox to sync iTunes libraries (granted, iTunes Match is probably eating into that) but I'd easily believe that there are many large, duplicate media files from the same stores or torrent sites. I spend a lot of time in the shell and it's so incredibly rare for what I'm doing to be limited by bash that it's hard to describe switching to zsh as anything other than a premature optimization. Part of this is because I try to automate anything I do more than once or twice and I use a real language to do so. For anything non-trivial the differences between zsh and bash are an order of magnitude less significant than either compared with Python, Ruby, etc. That's always annoyed me: sure, XML can be heavyweight but if we're going to use it we should at least get the benefits. Naturally that line of reasoning didn't get very far with the “maintainers” of an internal purported-SSO system with a SOAP endpoint which crashed on non-ASCII data or SQL special characters in the submitted username / password values. xml-rpc was a classic Winer format and like RSS it shared the same limited interest in cleaning up oversights. Not handling unicode was simply lazy - the support was there in XML so it took effort to disable a native feature. Similarly, date encoding is a solved problem for almost all applications: use ISO 8601. This is not to say that there are areas where complexity will creep in or that some people haven't learned from the failure of SOAP (or CORBA before it) but simply that for the vast majority of cases the problems just aren't that hard unless we choose to make them hard. Adding this much complexity to avoid changing a couple bytes in a config file? Worse: if you fail to do it perfectly, everything looks like it's working but your traffic isn't passing through the cache. "partly because they start from more similar ideological perspectives" I think this is true in the US, unfortunately: the unions and upper management have very similar goals: get paid as much as possible while making as much work as possible someone else's responsibility. Can't upvote enough. Also great if sponsors want to be specifically involved in that process - they can directly see people using what they paid for and do something compatible (at PyCon this year, the Heroku booth had comfy couches where people drank coffee and talked with smart people - I'm certain everyone left with a positive impression) That statement is too broad to be correct: modern browsers have had work optimizing selector performance (see http://calendar.perfplanet.com/2011/css-selector-performance... ) and you really need to measure before drawing conclusions, particularly when the alternative of cargo-culting less semantic, harder to maintain code has its own costs and doesn't get as much performance attention as browsers do. Since there are are now CSS profilers for Chrome, WebKit and Opera (see http://perfectionkills.com/profiling-css-for-fun-and-profit-... ) you can also make the better comparison: your actual site. Examples: http://stevesouders.com/efws/css-selectors/csscreate.php?n=1... http://stevesouders.com/efws/css-selectors/csscreate.php?n=1... http://stevesouders.com/efws/css-selectors/csscreate.php?n=1... http://stevesouders.com/efws/css-selectors/csscreate.php?n=1... All four are very close in time in Chrome and Firefox - within 10ms or so. In all permutations of this, what really makes the most difference continues to be the question of how quickly the browser can narrow the set of nodes under consideration, which usually comes down to how well your markup makes expressing relationships natural rather than syntax tricks. Strong disagreement on that second point: with high-level languages it's in some ways more important to know algorithms and data structures as you don't have a compiler hiding inefficiency as well (there are many inefficient C programs which just haven't had enough data to matter). The answer is usually “Use the standard library implementations” but knowing which one fits your problem is an extremely helpful skill. This goes double for anyone writing SQL queries: ORMs are great at hiding complexity until you need to write a report and are back to big-O. 1. Stop reading anything with link-bait titles like “Top-n” Also worth noting that GM, like almost all US corporations, chose to under-fund their pension system. Assuming that most of your retirees will die early is like assuming that your stock return will average 8% annually but they've waged a successful PR campaign convincing people that this wasn't an epic managerial botch. How long does re-opening all of your apps and files take? People who dislike rebooting usually tend to have plenty of things open. I've filed many bugs with Apple over the years. There are two strategies which work: 1. For security issues, use full disclosure. I received phone calls immediately when I included something like "disclosure in 30 days unless otherwise requested". Otherwise bugs were fixed in the next OS release a year later. 2. Otherwise: our Apple rep (.edu) told us that bugs were prioritized based on how many Macs you couldn't buy until it was fixed. Later, this changed to how the bug was preventing you from deploying iPhones (“iPhone: it's like sudo for Apple”) and I imagine this now includes iPads. This is definitely false: they respond quickly with initial triage. The main problem is that you will subsequently almost never hear anything from them and if your issue was reported as a duplicate you'll need to manually poll them over email for the status. For me, it comes down to this issue: https://bitbucket.org/jespern/django-piston/issue/100/handle... tl;dr: either documentation or cross-resource links will be broken - pick one. It's been broken for years. There is a kludge-around but it's a rake in the grass waiting for every user. I also had a related issue which similarly means that a common Django feature breaks the documentation feature: https://bitbucket.org/jespern/django-piston/issue/142/handle... I won't say piston is dead but I will say that my experience with tastypie is that something like this would be fixed in a day or two. Conclusion: you don't actually intend to pay anything but somehow think freeloading should be respected. Quality content doesn't come for free: if you valued Ars' content either unobtrusive ads or $5/month are good options for ensuring that they'll be there next year. Ransom would be if Ars editors stormed your house and forced you to watch their ads. Business models don't get much more textbook than offering free and premium versions. The reason you keep having to justify yourself is because you're making contradictory claims: ”I don't see any quality coming from any business that is ad-based” but you obviously feel Ars' content is interesting enough that you “will just adblock + readability the hell out of their articles”. Only one of those statements can actually be true unless you're highly motivated to read articles without any quality. It's really quite simple: if you want ads to become less popular you have to pay to support the creators: stop reading Ars or pay $5/mo to never see ads again. I'm assuming that you have no intentions of ever actually paying because you closed with an unintentionally hilarious example of entitlement: “If they want to see my money, first they need to get rid of ads and commit to excellence, not the other way around”. Despite reading enough of their content that you want RSS feeds you're still forced to change the rules yet again so they're supposed to work for free until you decide they've reached the $5/month level of excellence? Also: OpenGraph hates the web and cannot be embedded in any valid HTML document and XHTML validation requires using a custom DTD. I'd really like it if they'd just adopt the standard HTML5 microdata approach and avoid the need to end up bloating out with a bunch of tags duplicating content found elsewhere on the page. This is good general advice but breaks for things which don't fit the Unix timestamp assumptions of second-level accuracy: I need ISO8601 because I handle dates for which lack precision below at day at best and often just a month or year. If I'm formatting dates there's an implied precision difference between displaying '1923-1927' and 'January 1st 1923 to January 1st 1927' If you need to handle variable precision, time zones, ranges, etc. you can either invent your own format or use ISO-8601 which at least has the virtue of being more human readable and more likely for people to have previously encountered. Software patents are bad, full stop. This, however, has nothing to do with that: it's about consumer choice: making a better product and tempting people away with it is normal and healthy but abusing a lead in one market to prevent people from being able to make a choice in another is always bad. This is the strongest criticism of Apple's app store policies: on the Mac if you get Karelia-ed that's not pleasant but it's a business risk you assume along with the possibility of any other large company entering the market. On iOS, Apple will preemptively kill your ability to sell a product before their competitor even ships, preventing your customers from even being able to decide that they prefer the app which ships with the OS. What IPO isn't about making money for the company? Only the VC pump-and-dump scams, not anything you want to be part of There's a potentially huge difference: if these outside company reports exist independently of the official PD story it becomes much easier for a reporter to start asking why the numbers are much higher. If the police are under pressure to get their stats down (i.e. cook the books) there will probably turnout to be a number of real incidents which were described as mistaken reports Security is all about execution: Chrome has an enviable track record; Adobe has an embarrassing one. They could change that but it's unclear that they're motivated to build up serious security competency (if they were, the manager in charge of their update process would be fired for cause) It'd still be interesting, particularly in a world where hardware is picking up the load for things which SSL uses. I'd expect the answer to be something along the lines of “more competitive as the data size increases” but it'd be interesting to know how great the margin is and whether the answer shifts significantly when comparing, say, a conventional hash to a cryptographic one on an embedded chip. Searching through ShowSlow.com provides more visibility: http://www.showslow.com/details/92778/http://twitter.com/#!/... That's 1,887 ms to render anything and almost a full second of JavaScript execution time. Waterfall graphs show a similar story: they pushed everything past the document load event so the monitoring tools are a bit off: http://www.webpagetest.org/result/120414_9W_3Z15P/ shows an acceptable 1.4 second start of render, which isn't great but acceptable, but looking at the actual video shows that's merely how long it took to render a tiny part of the page - displaying the content which the user actually wanted about took over 8 seconds! http://www.webpagetest.org/video/view.php?id=120414_2a4075f2... Alternate strawman: you do not use paid upgrades and at some point stop making enough money to continue developing and supporting the app and the API. All of your users are screwed , too. It's easy to envision hypothetical situations and they're all already possible, leaving customers stuck having to gauge how serious a company is and how sustainable their business model will be. Paid upgrades don't change this situation but do offer a currently blocked way for developers to make apps with a long-term plan Suppose instead his solution was to find a buddy with HBO and watch the show together. Would you still say money is being taken, despite the 100% legality of this approach? If not, why? This got a lot better in 1.4: TemplateResponse and the list filter API meant some gnarly code removal on my biggest customized admin project. That said, I also chose to implement many of my admin changes at a higher level: templates which use jQuery, etc. and interact with the REST API for e.g. complex object creation are much easier than the crazy form / widget hacks I used to try. So … like Django except with no other users and less auditing? I'm all for simplicity but some problems have very unfavorable cost/benefit ratios. Auth is one of them. You're quick to toss out unsupported assertions: e.g. calling the ORM awful just sounds naive and microbenchmark claims about the template system assume that it's a common bottleneck, which simply isn't true. Put another way: I inherited a site where someone noticed that a view was slow and switched everything to Jinja2 for magic pixie dust speed ups. This made almost no difference but did complicate maintenance and require reinventing common Django template tags and filters. I joined the project later and actually made the page much (50x) faster by actually profiling and not executing 8,000 SQL queries. Jinja2 is a great project but I have yet to run into a case where the Django/Jinja debate in any way affected performance significantly. Pick the one which causes you the least support grief and worry about problems you've actually measured. I would argue that the main problem is so many queries: rather than arguing about ORM dispatch speed it's almost always better to make fewer queries and/or retrieve less data as you can cut out a ton of unavoidable overhead intrinsic to shipping a query to another process (possibly on another system), executing it and handling the results. ORM improvements can only address either end of that process. Similarly, 1s to render a template sounds rather unusual - if that's not just something like not using the cached loader on a slow filesystem it's screaming for logic to move into the view or a template tag. I will also note in both cases these started out as general assertions which were then qualified to refer to specific edge cases. Again, without describing the exact code being benchmarked it's a disservice to through out performance advice to people who might take it as a general rule rather than understanding that it's unlikely to be a significant problem for most users. I'm about +10 on that approach: customize the admin until you hit a difficult point, then stop trying to hammer screws. Which has an interesting balance: you're then using things developed in isolation, which can give you better parts but it definitely means you have to provide interconnect conventions and that new developers have to get used to your particular combination of parts. If you think you can do this better than the Django community, this can work out well but I'd say more often than not when I've heard about it people weren't actually able to spend enough time on this as they'd hoped and keep falling further and further behind Django and other frameworks. If a simple delete call is generating more than one query, it's either oddly customized or you have a ton of related models which need to be updated to adjust the cascade behavior: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/ref/models/querysets/#... “No, not cached loader, not slow filesystem. It's a for with an inner include.” With a lot of loops - again, not common for most web apps (who wants a 5mb HTML page?). You should be able to avoid this by using a custom template tag to load once and render many times. It's also 3-4 orders of magnitude more expensive to support: MySQL is an out of the box install of a single process which many people are familiar with and which has various well-known data warehousing techniques and many GUIs and other tools for casual analysis. Hadoop + Hive is a beast which will require multiple high memory systems just to run without daemons crashing and mysteriously deadlocking the entire cluster (i.e. you'll be searching for non-obvious messages in log files, googling and reading the source until you learn that some Java developers are still struggling with 30 year-old memory management and error handling techniques). You then need to write custom data loaders, completely architect around the write-once file I/O model, and then learn Hive before you can get a single result. If you actually really need the things which Hadoop can better, it's worth that investment - but the decision is akin to knowing that you need to haul a billion pounds of coal and thus building a railroad makes sense. If you don't know that - and if you don't already know your access patterns well enough to carve them into stone - the overhead cost dwarfs the benefit. … which has a clunky interface, annoying limitations and since release has been pushed forward by others (i.e. Mozilla). Microsoft has had a few first-to-market ideas but they're horrible at continuous improvement because their core business is freezing an API and supporting it for a decade so enterprises feel comfortable using it. There's also the combination of goals and benefits: it's easy to hypothesize a drug cartel or the Russian mafia having enough money to fund something - complicated by the percentage of top-notch crypto people who wouldn't work for an illegal organization - but it's hard to come up with a scenario where they'd be going after Iran rather than, say, compromising a few million credit cards. Industrial espionage would be similar: hard to keep secret, fairly high risk and in most cases it'd be easier and more reliable just to take your megabucks and pay someone for whatever data you want. Why spend millions funding a big R&D team when you could just pay one of your target's sysadmins a million or two to get the data for sure? This is only true if you narrowly define the scope to be what HTTP started as: synchronous, unidirectional, and only concerned with single files[1]. When you consider the problems many, many people - not just Google - are dealing with break at least one of those assumptions it's clear that HTTP is incomplete. 1. SPDY will be nice for anyone using much JS/CSS on their site > First, HTTP pipelining exists. … and is not currently usable, nor as full-featured as SPDY even if correctly implemented by all vendors > If the answer is "no," you have no business complaining about HTTP's performance—managing your assets better will improve performance far more than using SPDY alone will Flat-out wrong: there are many use cases which require multiple requests (you only mentioned CSS/JS but images are significant, too) and this would be exhibit A for an HTTP deficiency: you've internalized the idea that a visitor to the site must download and process EVERYTHING you could ever use to avoid making multiple requests, wasting bandwidth and device CPU/memory because you're trying to use asset packaging as an end-run around protocol shortcomings. As for databases, this was a fascinating and completely irrelevant digression. Also: SSH is considerably more battle-tested in this configuration. There's a lot to be said for being aligned with how the developers imagine a program is used > it shows how behind the mobile web is, as the two most dominant players in mobile only update their browsers once a year. As opposed to the desktop world where IE 8 is still your best-case minimum browser? > It's fine to run code written by other people, but that code should be run in a safe, completely sandboxed environment. … which is what browsers do with JavaScript and have done since Netscape shipped the first Navigator beta with LiveScript. The problem is that no containment system is perfect because people want rich functionality which can be abused without significant care - your $.99 game certainly isn't supposed to be able to install a keylogger but in practice it's almost always been possible to do so because that operating system doesn't have magic security pixie dust, either, and mistakes are made. The only reason browsers have a bad reputation for security is because Microsoft exposed a ton of native code, ignoring advice from security experts, and completely neglected their responsibility as a platform maintainer for almost a decade. Firefox and Chrome are a different story, both having a better security track record than, say, a Microsoft operating system despite having a full rich experience. Chrome's better than your mobile operating system because it actually gets updated quickly whereas your mobile OS gets updated on a timescale of months (iOS, Android developer phones) to never (most Android phones and almost all others). > The concept of a "web app" is fundamentally broken, but despite users largely rejecting it (see: popularity of native apps vs safari apps on iPhone), nerds keep pushing it because it seems like a cool plot to a sci-fi novel. You have an uncommon and counter-factual understanding of the web and users. Please back up your claim that users don't actually want Gmail, Facebook, Flickr, Google Maps, etc. or that mobile users only want native applications despite mobile users showing heavy web activity. > This is security after the fact. If they actually cared about security, they'd disable Javascript, disable Flash, disable WebGL, and turn Chrome back into a web browser. Back into a 1995 web browser which wouldn't do anything which users expect. If you're so uncomfortable trusting a browser with a better security track record than most operating systems, you can easily disable all of those features but since the Chrome team both cares about and actually understands security they've focused on defense in depth and and rapid response rather than trying to convince users they don't actually want the things they ask for. > When was the last time there was an outbreak of malware on Apple iTunes or Google Play? How many users were affected? Daily, based on the number of apps I see where the updates include security fixes. > If every web page had its own full chroot/jail (or equivalent), then they would be as secure as native applications. You should read up on the Chrome security model - they're trying hard to produce this. That's an odd way to restate what the original poster said. Your argument appears to be the tautology that AWS is expensive when compared to different services which do less. … which changes little because actual web developers have to support the worst-case browser for all of the millions of people who don't install a modern browser. For most of us who aren't running something like a Mac or browser nerd website, that means the latest version of IE available to Windows XP users. > There are some roundabout ways to try to measure this, but it seems much easier to just charge people for driving at peak hours. Agreed: there's no reason why they shouldn't say that e.g. key bridges, interchanges, etc. are EZ-Pass only with a toll during rush hour. These days, we should have the infrastructure to simply have a camera record license plates and mail a monthly bill to you. Around here (Washington DC) it'd be a huge win if all of the suburban commuters stopped their commute at a subway / bus station rather than attempting to drive the last 3 miles into the very congested downtown (my walking speed is higher than the average traffic speed at 8am). Simply putting a toll point at the bridge would be a great way to encourage that last step not to be a single-occupant vehicle. The other, major win would be to stop subsidizing parking below market rates: city parking is usually cheaper than the commercial lots, which means a significant amount of congestion is caused by drivers slowing looking around for cheaper parking. Making that savings less dramatic would encourage people to simply park at the first available space. It is the definition of a tautology: you're both saying the same thing but from different directions. AWS is trying to avoid room for equivalent services, not services which do less: they don't want a customer who's sensitive to $2/month but they do want people to say “ops is expensive, let's save our people for non-commodity jobs” Also, those cost comparisons almost universally compare spot pricing rather than reserved. If you run the numbers seriously AWS is not the bargain basement leader but it's a lot more even than the contrarian blog echo chamber would have you believe, particularly if you have bursty workloads, use some of their other offerings and/or need servers outside of the US/Europe. It's page view trolling - I'd prefer not to have contributed a hit. Laptops have a checkered history in this regard: the only thing which was consistently easy in Apple laptops was the memory. Drives ranged from trivial to involved depending on the model - I have the torx drivers to prove it. Except for the early WiFi era's AirPort cards, that's been it - and there's something like an order of magnitude step decrease for each one in my experience. A few people upgrade RAM and even fewer change the drive; everyone appreciates better battery life and lighter systems. We might have done this but statistically few people did. As reliability and capacity have gone up while Apple's hardware markup has gone down, it's harder to justify the (power|size|weight|reliability) hit from making those parts field serviceable. It never existed for the Apple branded SSDs - the people who reported that were people who bought the cheapest SSDs and used them with non-SSD-aware filesystems which overwrote the same blocks repeatedly. SSDs with smarter controllers and filesystems which don't abuse the disk make a huge difference. Apple controls all of these so they should have a much better idea of the reliability factor - and even if you pay for repairs, there's a high risk that an early failure will make you less likely to buy from them next time. > Would we support laptops that required replacement every year or two as applications required more memory and batteries atrophied? This is the key misunderstanding most people made: a 2010 MacBook Air still makes a fine system, even for software developers. For almost all users, hardware capacity has exceeded their needs for years and the newer battery technology holds up better than the older designs as well. > As far as I remember, previous failure which happen with Amazon earlier this year have also affected Multi-AZ deployments too. Which failure? The networking issue which had nothing to do with RDS and left your data unaffected? > Anyway, I don't think that we are ready to invest large amount of money on Multi-AZ deployments to the doubtful reliability. Cloud solutions even with single AZ should not loss data. Any server can go down. The very modest increase for a multi-AZ setup buys you real, meaningful improvements as you just learned. I'm sorry that you had to learn a lesson the hard way but there's a reason why AWS recommends a multi-AZ deployment for failover and it's not revenue. The next step up would require you having multiple widely separated servers, which is where you really start talking about large amounts of money because you're talking about non-trivial engineering and taking on the operational overhead of 24x7 support. > Yes, networking issue which brought down even multi-az deployments. You might want to learn more about this before making business decisions on it. RDS was completely unaffected, as were all of my EC2 servers. They didn't receive any traffic from the internet but the systems were running fine throughout the brief outage interval. A quick Google search will reveal that this is not uncommon for any hosting setup - data centers have lost network connections, routers can fail or be misconfigured, etc. - which is why anyone with serious uptime requirements has multiple widely separated data centers. Using AWS doesn't magically remove the need to avoid single points of failure in your system design. > Probably, we will migrate to the dedicated servers out of Amazon soon. It will be harder to maintain, but cheaper and, as practice shows, more reliable. I hope you have a good ops team and extra engineering resources; otherwise you'll learn very quickly that dedicated servers have the same failure modes. So far we're at ~18 minutes of AWS downtime this year - that's not going to be easy to beat. … and magically do it at no extra charge, too. Some learning experiences are in order. Only if you count small outages which affected a fraction of the customers as affecting the entire service. I had 100% uptime during that period using only the multi-AZ redundancy. You're comparing different things: most of the complaints about AWS have been due to servers (EC2) or network storage (EBS) failing. The outage in March was networking related so that would count, however. It looks like this is a fork of MySQL. Did they actually pay Oracle for a proprietary license or is there a source release hidden on the website? I've also had a few cases where providers either outright lied or only gave details if you persisted in requesting them. Having to play that game gets old… More accurately: “don't trust any single data center”. All of the people who complained were directly ignoring Amazon's own advice, not to mention decades of engineering experience. Going multi-AZ, multi-region or multi-cloud will help, each step up that list being significantly more work for increasingly small returns. > This is the one thing we have come to accept with hosts. I think it's more that this is something we've come to expect about reality. It used to be that you'd get sales pitches from extremely expensive hardware vendors claiming improbably high uptime but the results never matched those claims for many reasons. Now we're not fooling ourselves into thinking this strategy is effective. I can say the same but there's a clear gap in how seriously the vendors take it: it's been a long time since I've crashed any browser other than IE. The closest I've come a couple of times was getting Firefox to use enough memory that I killed it rather than waiting for it to page. If you are crashing them as often as you claim, you should be filing security bug reports - every other browser team will respond quickly to non-Flash crashes. I stopped using PHP years ago because their open-source community is a broken insider network. After wasting a few bug reports repeatedly arguing with certain core developers who took the position that code and documentation not being in sync wasn't a bug, I quit trying. Having seen the hairballs of creative PHP in the wild, I'd think the only sane way to do this would be some sort of deprecation warning whenever a symbol lookup matched only case insensitively. ITIL is a problem. It's extremely rare that an organization has problems because nobody's ever thought about how to do things better rather than having broken internal structure or incentives – ITIL can't help with either of those but the huge amounts of time and money it soaks up will make it much harder to actually do anything about them. True: I spent years swimming upstream trying to get PHP developers to log sensibly and actually fix problems rather than suppressing the notices, which is probably why I'm much happier with the Python community. FWIW, this is essentially how Oracle ships updates for their enterprise business systems: you get a tar file and a README telling you which files get copied to which spots on which servers. Particularly because this is a weak point for Red Hat: they've even orphaned paying customers in the past and there's currently no supported migration path for CentOS. If you're using CentOS or Scientific and decide you want support, there's significant value to being able to pay for support without being told to do a bare-metal reinstall of everything first. If the attacker has long-term control (e.g. hostage, blackmail, etc.) this is useless. If the attacker does not, you'll simply ask for help as soon as you're there. If the attacker wants to impersonate you, a photo check will work as well and is much faster The authors and the news coverage claim this offers some sort of rubber-hose defense but the only scenarios described are either contrived or duplicate more proven techniques (e.g. duress codes, biometrics) The authors are claiming that it helps against duress but the system as described only does so in the most limited theoretical scenario where the attacker and defender both have significant, contrived restrictions. There's a reason why you remember those retina scanner tricks from movies: in the real world, security is about protocols and those tricks would fail in any realistic scenario short of, say, aliens with body-sculpting nanobots. As a trivial example: this system assumes a single attempt in a guarded facility. What benefit does this offer over a duress password which our poor hostage provides knowing that it will trigger a full security response and locking out of their access? For that matter, why not have the same guard who looks for tricks check your face against the employee database? People are reacting to the authors overselling their work, as amplified by extremetech: they're claiming this as hardening against rubber-hose cryptoanalysis, which is simply untrue. Their paper actually describes a system which actually has nothing to with cryptography - it's authentication - and has failure modes which are identical to password authentication, except where it imposes significant new barriers to practical application. If they'd published it as a minor curiosity suggesting an area for future research there'd be far less backlash. Why? People pay for quality and the OSS email apps tend to be unlovable. Sparrow proved there's a market willing to pay for better clients but Apple doesn't want their money and nobody else seems interested in trying for it. Many people have reported getting refunds Agreed but it also depends on circumstances: I've moved around enough that there are people whose opinions I trust that I rarely see in person. Similarly when traveling, I have some acquaintances whose Yelp recommendations are valuable and some I'd give negative weight to because I know our tastes differ – and if I'm in a big metro area for business I'm likely not to meet in person (traffic, schedules, school nights, etc.) My guess is that they're not receiving strong demand from their major customers - since they have so many massive users and a long-term code-base it makes sense that they'd be rather conservative. > Now, Lion seems to have slowed down my 2010 Macbook Air- at times it absolutely crawls when I'm positive it never used to That's not Lion (same system, OS, identical performance to day 1). I'd fire up Activity Monitor and see what's active when it's slow - there's probably something causing a ton of background I/O. Measure it: there's no problem with the base Lion so you'll need to use Activity Monitor or dtrace to track down the process responsible I would pay Google for access or watch ads if they had YouTube-quality video and ads before / after but not during the content. > Their outages are becoming more and more random … or more loudly reported. Very few of the reported outages affect people who follow Amazon's guidelines for reliability - even the last one had most of the impact on cheapskates who didn't pay for redundancy. > with non price-sensitive customers. I think this is a very simplistic summation: the problem with Microsoft isn't price, it's the lower perceived value. For a long time, even more expensive Windows systems - particularly laptops - simply felt cheaper than Macs: the clumsy Windows system UI coupled with vendors bundling crapware or saving a few dollars with flimsy plastic parts to fit a very tight price-point, etc. Saving $5 with a screen hinge makes the entire system feel worse but for a long time it's been the rule thanks to the prevalent design-by-spreadsheet mindset. There are some people who simply won't consider buying a Windows system but I think there is a much larger group of customers who would be quite open to a high-quality system — I'm just not sure that this will happen without Microsoft getting a good industrial designer in charge of the entire product. I'm also hoping that either Windows 8 has either improved a lot since the betas, interacts horribly with VMware, or a service pack will spread the Metro design around more completely because the betas were something of a disaster once you left Metro. I just meant that I tried the Windows 8 preview VM and found the UI quite hard to use from a simple interaction perspective. I think some native input hardware would go a long way towards making things like the invisible side navigation easier to access. On the subject of ultrabooks: I've seen plenty which look sleek. I have yet to find one which combines equivalent quality fit and finish, screen, keyboard, and battery life at any meaningful cost savings. Even if such a product exists, the other side of that is hardware / software integration: does the vendor not install a bunch of crap which needs to be removed / disabled, did Microsoft provide a single, simple place to configure and interact with the system (hint: maybe for Windows 9), etc. None of these are unworkable but I've heard them mentioned over and over by people who've switched from PCs to Macs over the last decade[1] enough that it feels like the sharp decline of the traditional PC industry is more due to some local-minima revenue decisions than anything else. 1. That describes me as well but I'm excluding my own experience as unrepresentative & sticking to more normal users Not to mention that they were flat out lying when they claimed other players don't do this. Anyone who remembers when Mac devs were hand-tuning AltiVec implementations of YUV-RGB routines knows that Adobe was just choosing not to spend the money. > The Terminal was always limited, copy and pasting text in it was non standard, there was no default repository for ports or applications. And no matter how many cores or how much RAM I threw at it, it would beachball when copying and pasting from one terminal to another using the default app on Mac OS X. I stopped taking the author seriously around this point: the lack of package management outside of the App Store is a serious problem but the other two distractions are signs that he's either misconfigured his system or is doing something crazy like pasting data files rather than using pbcopy / pbpaste. For long-time users, this is a minor change and actually a good move: there were only a couple of releases where we didn't have to install XQuartz anyway to get performance or features which weren't available in the shipped version. Since this affected only a very, very small number of generally more technical Mac users I'm not surprised that Apple is moving it back outside of the default release cycle. I'm curious, what do you have problems with? For me it's been smooth sailing since around 10.5 or so - and the only OSS problems were with projects which assumed everyone would use Linux with a certain version of GCC & autotools. Oh, sure - I just find it really annoying when upstream developers hard-code irrelevant details or use something like autoconf poorly and then the distribution gets blamed for not remaining in stasis. > So your fancy two factor authentication still ends up resting on one piece of secret info as the weak point. Am I missing something? Yes: that email password cannot be used to change your password, cancel your account, etc. and can be revoked easily without breaking anything else. This also means that you're not entering the password which can do all of those things on a daily basis, further reducing the odds of someone else being able to capture it even if they do manage the total local compromise or strong SSL MITM needed to get your ASP. Security is all about incremental improvements, not silver bullets. > 2. Application specific passwords are impossible to use on mobile apps I completely agree that the overall UX needs serious improvement but … doesn't your mobile device support copy and paste? I do this from time to time and while it's a bit clunky it's a lot easier than typing the password in by hand. > It's a good idea, but it's not the weakest link in user security right now I suspect Google is in a better position to judge how widespread account compromises are than you are. From my perspective, it definitely seems like security people are all saying that account compromises (keyloggers, phishing) have been the predominant threat for several years now because they're suitable for bulk attacks whereas social-engineering Apple is a more limited, if deeply disturbing, process. My point was simply that Google sees enough attempts to compromise Gmail accounts that I believe them when they claim widespread attacks using valid passwords are common enough that passwords are broken. > Yes, MFA is a good idea. But that doesn't mean it's enough to prevent attacks like the one in question. It would have stopped this one, in several ways: according to Honan's writeup, it would have halted things at a key point in the chain of account compromises. Yes, it's true that you have to trust companies - but that's always been true, even 100% off-line, as any victim of identity theft could tell you. The key point is that having any sort of MFA schema would have contained the damage to one company, halting the cascade. There's a certain elitist tone in your comment which I found unwarranted: RealHardComputerScience can happen in JavaScript or Ruby just as easily as C - often easier as you can focus on the computer science rather than memory management. I'd also second the other comments that this wasn't a great example of it: profiling and swapping hash functions is classic software engineering. When ZFS was released, Sun made some strong statements about Linux filesystems, particularly regarding data integrity and ease of management. As a Linux sysadmin with a fairly large amount of data, I thought those were completely warranted but unfortunately some people took it as attacks rather than considering the technical merits. Toss in yet another licensing flamewar and the more vocal parts Linux community wasted a few years pretending the gap would go away if they ignored it. This is the same reason why Linux doesn't have a viable DTrace competitor: the “what's wrong with kdb?” attitude started with Linus and it took way too long for the near-unanimous sysadmin voice to be heard. Well, except for the slick UI and TextMate's still ahead on features & bundles. ST2 is promising but it's too early to call this race. Less appearance than quality of implementation: I tried ST2 for a couple months but the random hangs got old (e.g. the file / symbol search would often hang for noticeable periods of time). I'll give it a try - I spent a bit of time this spring trying to like ST2. That's not the union, that's the business. I guarantee that they would have no trouble getting rid of anyone, even a union employee, for stealing baggage: simply calling the police and charging them would take care of the problem. It's just that in the absence of government regulation[1] or a market with more competition, it's cheaper to pretend bag theft doesn't happen and let passengers pay for private insurance. At this point, our best chance is probably convincing people that the bag theft rings are ripe for terrorist exploitation and we need point-to-point video tracking to prevent mass mayhem. 1. e.g. banning the “we reimburse everything at $2/pound & $0 for anything which uses electricity" clauses in every airline's ToS This happens: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jamaican_Blue_Mountain_Coffee http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kopi_Luwak The difference is that coffee is a completely different kind of market: producing a small quantity of very good coffee does not give you much help in producing it in large quantities without at a linear increase in the costs (and actually has hard limits based on growing conditions, available labor, etc.) whereas software can be infinitely replicated. The price of a cup of coffee is useful only in establishing the threshold for how much money the average person is likely to spend without significant thought. The odd part about this “get off my lawn” article is that PHK has already shown how to fix the problem: Varnish is both a very good tool and one which has gotten attention and compliments for rejecting obsolete convention (e.g. relying on the VM, requiring a C compiler to be installed on a server, etc.). I would love to see autoconf massively simplified or outright avoided for most projects and the best way to do that would be to start providing good examples of how unnecessary it is even for major projects. The way to address oversights in the bazaar model isn't to cram everyone back into the cathedral but to build support for change by showing where something is clearly better. One area where PHK might see this is the way Linux has flown past FreeBSD - not due to endlessly-debated questions of kernel superiority but rather because Linux distributions like Debian provided a clearly superior experience for the overhall system by rejecting the decades of accumulated hacks (i.e. the ports system, monolithic config files, etc.) which had been the status quo for years and building better tools to reduce management overhead. More accurately, it went multi-cathedral: major vendors were building temples to their self-perceived importance and unless you were a major customer they weren't interested in borrowing a better idea from someone else. The bazaar at least opened up the option for most users to have some influence over the process. I won't disagree with that entirely but the Debian / Ubuntu community has shown considerably above average willingness to make major changes to fix that. You are aware that the same “simple command“ is a checkbox in the OS X system preferences, right? "apt-get install " is about as good as software installation gets There are many old libraries which have been phased out and replaced in the OSS community. It's not fast but it's pretty good compared to the commercial world where companies like Microsoft or Oracle ship everything without gaping security holes until the last customer stops using it. > See also: MySQL vs. PostgreSQL. This comparison doesn't hold true: while we might debate the technical superiority of the BSD kernel (and I have some NFS deadlocks to trade against ZFS), running many BSD systems is so much more work that it's more like comparing Postgres to Berkeley DB, where you have to take on responsibility for everything outside of the innermost core. I ran FreeBSD and OpenBSD on a number of systems for years but was increasingly unable to justify the sysadmin overhead. There were only a couple of times where kernel issues were significant (NFS stability and SMP scalability, esp. when amd64 came out) and since Linux actually came in ahead of FreeBSD for our applications it was really unrealistic to locally duplicated all of the Debian infrastructure. You'd prefer that they lie to you and pretend it's not stored in the clear? If you don't have to type it in every time a backup runs, it's in the clear - everything else is just window dressing. That'd make a ton of sense for forensic and compliance needs: lots of storage, limited access in special situations where a little delay is reasonable. Right, which is a largely meaningless distinction: if the process runs as you, any successful attacker can simply read it out of the CrashPlan process in memory. Again, if you're not typing the password in every time, a local compromise is almost certainly game-over. Apple's keychain helps reduce the damage if the data's not actively used but for something like CrashPlan which is always running the attacker is probably going to be lucky. The best part: Twitter actually already does something very similar what he suggests, with their relative dates having a data-time attribute containing the Unix timestamp for each tweet. If he wants to throw away source information and store pixels representing how a particular browser rendered it, well, that's not Twitter's problem. His microdata example is also only write if you having upgraded to HTML5, in which case is obviously better. You know, I rather doubt the developers are the ones who set policy. More likely, they're the ones fighting a thankless internal campaign to get permission to release anything and would like something more to show for it than a bunch of predictable snark. > No, but they should follow the GNU/Linux model of desktop UIs Not to completely dismiss this but … have you noticed how much extra burden this places on developers and how this is almost always cited as one of the reasons why the OSS desktop experience isn't as good as OS X? There are many parts of the desktop experience which require more than cursory integration and that becomes a much harder problem to make generic and plugable. On certain PowerBooks and the first generation Intel MBPs, yes, but they fixed those bugs with a firmware update aeons ago. There's also a major fragmentation problem with Android: Evernote can look at the iPhone 4 sales figures and know that they'll have so many million potential users with the same hardware and OS; with Android they have to compare a ton of different models to see which ones have a usable camera and whether the vendor + carrier are holding up OS releases. If you want to prove an idea that's a lot of extra work. If the company does any business with people in the US, patent trolls can attack it - perhaps the most famous recent example being the Uniloc vs. Mojang case: http://notch.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/mojang.pdf Depends on how you're designing your apps: I've cleanly separated my app code (which uses a number of current Python modules) from the more stable system package (Apache, Varnish, etc.) and it's been at least 2 stable releases since I've needed to worry about backports. I've increasingly been wondering whether it'd be better to have editors split comments sideways ala docco: there's been a huge trend towards wider screens and using that space seems intriguing, particularly if it avoided discouraging longer comments when a design decision wasn't simple. To be fair, I'm a developer and I don't care about those features, either. Android ceding the browser wars (at least until Chrome is the default) matters so much more to me than the kind of difference you need benchmarks to notice. Quotas are definitely a problem but I disagree with your complaint about not restarting: Chrome has UI badges (and will eventually prompt) for pending updates. This is about as good as you can get short of forcing the user to restart. ChromeOS implies a huge pile of system decisions. Imagine the outrage if they shipped support only for a single distribution or desktop environment! That might explain djb's tweets a couple days back: https://twitter.com/hashbreaker/status/246745440798781440 and https://twitter.com/hashbreaker/status/246746124222865409 — he's, uh, not a fan of dnssec but this really seems like more of a failure to apply late-90s recommended practice In your rush to attack hooande for not reading the entire article, you neglected to read the entire comment and missed the part about organized group effort. If you consider the prospect of being a teacher who is gay, Muslim, an immigrant (or one from the wrong country) etc. it's quite easy to believe that the risk isn't limited to a single student in one class. Fortunately the authors weren't so careless — that concern is obviously key to the repeated cautions about assigning too much weight to such tests. I'd like to believe anyone setting policy would be similarly slow to jump to conclusions but this is a field notoriously prone to chasing fads and quick fixes… Question: how do you feel about the lack of exceptions? To me, that's the biggest drawback to Go as it feels like sacrificing a major improvement in reliability and boilerplate reduction (obviously with Python-style syntax, not Java). > whatever time the system that got the insert is the key part: if you want to know what order to apply changes in, you need every system to have fairly close time synchronization so you can apply changes in the correct order. NTP will get you enough precision for many applications but if you get enough updates to the same resources, you're certain to start getting differences which are smaller than the reliable accuracy of your system clock. You can use other protocols - e.g. a CAS-style "change old-value to new-value" conditional update - but those have performance implications and require app support. Given that a GPS probably costs about an hour or two of engineer-time, trying to eke a little more precision out of the system clock seems like a potentially cheap win. I've found that I end up heavily reliant on the VMWare Fusion app menu for anything other than launching Internet Explorer - which, to be fair, is 99% of what I use Windows for. Around here (Washington DC) Apple's maps aren't much different that Google's as far as address matching - in several queries, considerably better even - but there's a huge gap in all of the ancillary data. I live near a park with a city rec center, pool, sports fields, etc. and a public high school. A little testing showed the following: Google Maps: correctly labels all of the above, including building outlines OpenStreetMaps: correctly labels everything but the school, but they do have building outlines and even parking lots marked. Bing: nothing but the school name labeled at the nearest intersection rather than correctly in the middle of the [long] block. Apple, Nokia, Map Quest: featureless void Looks nice but I was really hoping for support - based on some recent testing, it appears that currently only mediaelement.js supports both the Flash fallback and support for subtitles / captions. These days it often can mean quality bug reports. Many popular open source projects are more responsive to pull requests than simple tickets, so it's entirely possible to have a Github account which is used only for support with opensource projects which your employer relies on. I've been in similar positions but one note: do you really work 100% on proprietary software? If you've used any open source projects you can demonstrate skill solely through high quality bug reports for the tools you use, even if your main code is closed. I've certainly seen people participating in e.g. Linux, Python, Apache, etc. threads which made it clear they were solid developers. I'm a web developer. I have Chrome Canary, WebKit Nightly and Firefox Minefield installed. I still can't bring myself to prioritize a bug which affects only Chrome Dev channel users – and I don't have access to the log files to prove how little that matters. As a counterpoint, I've found the iPhone app to be quite adept at handling horrible network conditions. I'm on AT&T – you need a massive buffer to soak up poor network engineering. Depends on where you live - around Washington DC, it's Google Maps, OpenStreetMaps, Apple (at some distance below) and then a huge gap before Bing, Nokia and MapQuest round out the low end of the results. I rather strongly suspect that the main consequences of Apple's move will be fragmentation as people adapt to the service which offers the best local coverage for them I ran into an even worse Apple problem: addresses with fractions will be parsed after the / - e.g. 1234 1/2 6th Street will be displayed at the correct location for "2 6th Street"! (Interestingly, Yelp displayed that restaurant correctly using the iOS 6 map widget so they appear to do their own geocoding) That said, I've also found multiple cases where Apple is better: e.g. around here there's a diner chain with 5 locations. Searching for their name with Google Maps on iOS 5 or maps.google.com will show only one hit 20 miles away for their business office. iOS correctly finds the actual restaurants and the first hit is the one 5 miles away. From my perspective, it felt like Google Maps got much worse about a year ago – but mostly on mobile. They didn't want search traffic until the content and structure start to stabilize? Google, et al. will crawl for years after a URL 404s so it might make sense to hold off until the first round of stabilization Or, alternately, we'd all be griping about still having to use Python 1.x until people stopped using IE. It's only been the last year or so that you could start thinking about sufficiently large percentages of your users to be running current browsers. HN is not status. .com. The question I had is whether the femtocell claim is true - those are much easier to get access to. I'd like to believe that they're correspondingly more locked down but there is rather a long track record of telcos botching basic security design. For me, it came down to taking the rest of the system as seriously as the kernel. I first installed Linux back in the 0.9 days and it was interesting but no more so than 386BSD or TSX-32: boot the kernel and spend time trying to get applications to compile. Forward ahead a year or two to Slackware where packages installed in a few seconds rather than significant fractions of an hour (yay, 20MHz 386!) because they had binary packaging and updates were relatively simple, freeing time to write code in this hot new Perl language rather than trying to compile it. I tried FreeBSD & OpenBSD repeatedly over the years, even running a key company server on OpenBSD for awhile in the late 90s / early 2000s - security was compelling - but I noticed two things: 1. BSD users treated updates like going to the dentist and put them off until forced - not without cause, as ports frequently either broke things or simply spent hours rebuilding the world - whereas Linux users generally spent time working on their actual job rather than impromptu sysadmin. "apt-get update && apt-get upgrade" had by then an established track record of Just Working and fresh install time for a complex system was measured in minutes for Debian (iops-limited) and, even as late as 2004 or so when we ditched the platform, days for FreeBSD even when performed by our resident FreeBSD advocate. I'm sure there are ways to automate it but while routine in the Linux world, I've never met a BSD user in person who actually did this. 2. The BSD systems were simply less stable, often dramatically so, because the parts were never tested together: you had the kernel which is stable and deserves significant respect but everything else was a random hodgepodge of whatever versions happened to be installed the last time someone ran ports. Unlike, say, Debian or Red Hat there was no culture of testing complete systems so a few months after a new release you'd often encounter the kind of "foo needs libbar 1.2.3 but baaz needs 1.1.9" dependency mess which required you to spend time troubleshooting and tinkering – a class of problem which simply did not exist at the system level for most of the Linux world. It wasn't as bad as Solaris but the overall impression was more similar than I'd like. One other observation: during years of using Linux, FreeBSD, OpenBSD, Solaris / Nexenta / etc. on a number of systems (the most I've managed personally at any point in time was around ~100) there were almost no times where the actual kernel mattered significantly in a positive direction. Performing benchmarks on our servers or cluster compute nodes showed no significant difference, so we went with easier management. On the desktop, again no significant performance difference so we went with easier management and better video driver support (eventually why many desktop users moved to OS X - no more GL wars). There was a period where more stable NFS might have been compelling but the BSD and Linux NFS clients both sucked in similar ways (deadlocking most times a packet dropped) and the Linux client got better faster and we ended up automating dead mount detection with lazy-unmounts to reduce the user-visible damage. >> BSD users treated updates like going to the dentist and put them off until forced > Not typical of any BSD sysadmin I've known, ever. OTOH if your "BSD users" were not sysadmins that would explain it. Professional sysadmins - but obviously more conservative than ones you know. That was the base install, a ton of ports and mucking around getting video drivers, etc. installed. This is for a fully-configured scientific workstation, not just a bare OS install, so there were a couple hundred packages installed by the time you include all of the various dependencies. I'm certain that binary packages would have shaved a lot of time off of this (that's what I used to use on OpenBSD a decade ago) but that wasn't exactly strongly recommended at the time, which is why I mentioned culture — I'm certain you can manage FreeBSD better but in practice I have yet to meet anyone in person who actually does this. Small sample size and all but this is untrue of any Linux user I've met other than the Gentoo fanatics who consider tweaking CFLAGS a source of entertainment. > A) the ports system works across _all_ versions and architectures i.e., you don't have to upgrade the entire OS simply to upgrade say mysql to 5.5, B) OS upgrades break far fewer apps in BSD than any version of Linux, A) is comically untrue: not only can you easily compile newer packages but extensive backports repositories exist to make it easy and safe to install a new version of something important while keeping the rest of the system stable. For many distributions this exists as a vendor-provided service and there are others (e.g. IUSCommunity.org) which serve particular markets and a fair number of OSS projects maintain repos for the Debian & Red Hat worlds. B) may be true in your experience but it's radically unlike mine. I've run many versions of Linux on many systems over the years and upgrades have been quite smooth - the Debian / Ubuntu world is the most stable but Red Hat isn't far behind. The key again is binary packages - moving from a known set of packages to a known set of newer packages makes it a lot easier to test an upgrade. > C) kernel vulnerabilities average once every few years in BSD vs ever few weeks (sometimes days) in Linux Highly debatable but Linux or BSD kernel vulnerabilities are rare enough not to be worth arguing over: most of the threat is in userland, which is a large part of why package management is so important. Far more systems are compromised by lax updates rather than zero-days. If you're looking for some old but still educational business theory, read up about the guy whose picture hangs in Toyota's lobby: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/W._Edwards_Deming#Deming_philos... One of the details which I find highly relevant to software and, particularly, operations is rejecting the mindset of dealing with failure by finding someone to blame and instead changing the system so that one person can't inadvertently cause a failure. I see this a lot with massive ops run books which require humans to repeatedly perform complex tasks without mistake rather than automating it and regularly testing your automation. What's the mood on something like the Unicode 6 regional indicators (see http://std.dkuug.dk/jtc1/sc2/wg2/docs/n3727.pdf ) when the support stabilizes? e.g. 🇺🇸 (U+1F1FA U+1F1F8) can be displayed by the user agent as the letters "US" or a United States flag but the choice is up to the UA rather than the developer. > But now I need to manually futz around with flash every two weeks to keep it working ... and now java as well ? Just disable Flash in Safari until Adobe has a Chrome-level automatic update mechanism. I use Chrome for precisely that reason - I haven't had to think about Flash since they started packaging it. I've had Flash disabled in Safari for a long time and almost everything works without it - the only thing I notice regularly missing are the copy/paste convenience helpers on sites like bit.ly. As for Java, I have exactly one site where I need to run it - the Web100 NDT testers - and that's both a niche case and hardly compelling versus the security considerations of using a product from a recklessly inattentive maintainer. For developer tools, check out the command-line developer tools: https://developer.apple.com/downloads/index.action?=command%... Kenneth Reitz worked with someone at Apple to get a small (~100MB) package containing what you need for opensource work without the full XCode. You should be using homebrew: it's been a LONG time since I've needed to do anything unusual to get most OSS web & media apps built. "brew install libev" and get on with life. > Switching windows is a pain in the ass (different shortcuts to 'alt-tab' between windows of the same application) This has been standard for many years: Command-Tab switches applications, Command-` switches windows within an app. If that doesn't work, it's because an application vendor has taken specific measures to break it - something which is possible on any platform and should be reported as a bug. As for doing Unix work, again, this is just griping: you're blaming OS X for things which you either didn't learn or where the upstream vendor has hard-coded Linux-isms, which is increasingly rare. The combination of the command-line developer tools and homebrew means that for most people running linux in a VM useful only for final validation testing. It's both a joke and educational: I didn't know they were down until I caught up on my RSS feeds last night You should talk to more librarians. They're acutely aware of the problem and a number of people view public education on the subject as a professional obligation. If you're relying on individual servers to have drives which never fail you're doing reliability wrong. According to a site which doesn't document what its reports are based on. Given that Netflix worked for me during that period, I'm suspicious that downrightnow might be using EBS somewhere. It's bizarre the way "cloud" makes so many people think disks never fail, networks are perfect and data centers always run smoothly. Now we'll get the backlash blog posts from people ditching the cloud – and I'm jousting waiting for the inevitable rebound outages when they learn that high availability requires geographic redundancy either way. That's just silly given how much of Amazon's documentation strongly encourages you to use multiple AZs and regions for reliability. I've included a sampling of their whitepapers below; this is also what their salespeople tell you and what you have to click past any time you provision an RDS instance, ELB, etc. http://media.amazonwebservices.com/AWS_Cloud_Best_Practices.... “Be a pessimist when designing architectures in the cloud” http://media.amazonwebservices.com/AWS_Web_Hosting_Best_Prac... “As the AWS web hosting architecture diagram in this paper shows, we recommend that you deploy EC2 hosts across multiple Availability Zones to make your web application more fault-tolerant.” http://media.amazonwebservices.com/AWS_Operational_Checklist... “We have deployed critical components of our applications across multiple availability zones, are appropriately replicating data between zones, and have tested how failure within these components affects application availability” 2 minutes if you checked the "multi-AZ" box on your RDS instances or ELBs. The wrong choice is Flash. H.264 vs. WebM is a far more nuanced tradeoff – widespread support and higher-quality implementations versus [hopefully] freedom from patents. Either way, the web wins if there's more and less depending on an opaque binary blob from a single vendor with a track record of platform neglect. I think the main problem is that "the cloud"'s primary audience are developers, not sysadmins. Many developers simply don't appreciate that what you're getting is a [much] easier path to automating your server provisioning and management but you're still in exactly the same position as before regarding any bit of infrastructure's ability to fail at the least convenient moment. I have severe misgivings about HSMs for this reason: too often, they're simply making an API promise which can't be kept. The vendors have an incentive to low-ball the expensive spinning disk component of an HSM to maximize the apparent cost savings but without extensive application suppor that will be a disaster. Science is all about reproducibility: if you discard the original data and someone raises a question about your processing techniques, you face the prospect of having to completely retract everything which depends on that data. Entire careers are potentially at risk and the failure mode might not even be “spend a year or two repeating an experiment” (i.e. falling behind everyone else in your field) but “hope desperately that some rare event occurs again”. There's also a long history of data being mined later for things which the original experimenters didn't even think to collect - e.g. http://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/hubble/science/elusive-pla... - or types of analysis which was considered too expensive to perform in the past (e.g. biology went from a pre- to post- informatics era when the unit of work went from “single grad student” to “many-thousand node cluster”). Given how expensive the data was to collect, it almost always makes sense to see if it will lead to any other value. You say "no extra effort", as if widespread platform support, hardware acceleration, more than one high-quality implementation, significant support by authoring software, and direct-to-format hardware capture would happen for free. Avoiding royalties would be nice - although it's almost certain we'd still have lawsuits absent patent reform - but as a business decision that's a LOT to give up. I really think Mozilla did the web a disservice. They should have implemented platform codec support immediately and added other formats so content vendors could adopt HTML5 video independent of the codec wars The main problem is that you need to add proprietary HSM interfaces to every application which uses much data. I'd be happier if that was standardized. The main problem is that you need to add proprietary HSM interfaces to every application which uses much data. I'd be happier if that was standardized. One thing to remember: this took down all of app engine for at least an hour. AWS has had only 17 minutes of downtime affecting all of us-east this year (that network glitch a couple days after PyCon) - the rest of it has been a subset of the service amplified by people rediscovering that they weren't as redundant as they thought. The correct less to draw is that any one point of infrastructure is a risk, so you need to scale wide. This is possible to do with AWS regions, or other providers - even internal bare iron if you're so inclined, but impossible to do with GAE because you're committed to a single-vendor API as well as their infrastructure. This is true of every data center I've worked with. Also network providers: everyone has downtime and sometimes you learn the hard way that despite being written into your contract someone took the cheap way and ran your “redundant” fiber through the same conduit which a backhoe just tore up. There's no such thing as "cloud downtime" - it's still servers, data centers, networks, same as everything else. You need to decide how much uptime you're willing to pay for, how much your service can degrade for how long, and methodically address each level of the hierarchy between you and your customers – and it might be the case that you decide that the ongoing costs of your engineering support for e.g. wide geographic separation just aren't sustainable at the level your customers are willing to pay, particularly if you have something like a CDN helping keep your site partially responsive during less than catastrophic failures. I completely agree that Google is likely to do better than many teams, modulo your second point (which I completely agree with - generic is much harder than specific). For me it really just comes down to the lock-in aspect: with GAE if you decide that Google isn't taking the platform in the right direction for your business you're looking at something close to rewriting your application. This is far from the most likely outcome - although pricing can be interesting - but it's the kind of thing you really want to consciously acknowledge, similar to the way Netflix has accepted the risks of AWS by investing heavily in failure management tools. They've had exactly one true region-wide failure - that 17 minute routing failure earlier this year. Running a truly multi-AZ setup has avoided every other outage popularly reported as “the cloud is falling”. Some services - e.g. Heroku - have lots of impacted customers but that's due to their architecture, not the underlying AWS. The only region-wide outage in your links is the network one I mentioned - they called it 22 minutes, I measured it as 17 on my systems. June 28th was indeed not region-wide - I have systems in every AZ and lost exactly one of them. The other ones say “one of our Availability Zones” - which was rather my point: if you follow long-time accepted redundancy practices, you had far less - if any - downtime than people who put everything in one AZ or rely heavily on EBS volumes not failing. I agree that's a problem but calling it a region-wide failure is an unhelpful exaggeration, particularly in the case of a SQL database where there's always a tradeoff between availability and consistency. Great story - I've had MTU and firewall fun before but nothing so subtly treacherous. I've been wondering about something not entirely unrelated we see sporadically from a small but widespread number of users. We serve deep zoom images and the client appears to run normally but sends malformed image tile requests - e.g. in the URLs "service" is consistently garbled as "s/rvice", "dzi" as "d/i". I've seen this from IPs on every continent and user agents for most common browsers as well as both iOS and Android. My current theory is that it's some sort of tampering net filter as a fair number of the IPs have reverse DNS / Whois info suggesting educational institutions but have thus far failed to confirm this, particularly since none of the users have contacted us. 38.5 hours is … unrealistic. It also ignores the fact that health care and benefits have been slashed heavily in recent decades so while there may be some older teachers enjoying the fruits of stronger unions, a prospective new teacher is looking at something roughly equivalent to what any software engineer would receive as far as benefits go. Salary is probably lower unless you're comparing a teacher in a very rich / urban area with a software engineer well outside of SF/NY/LA/etc. As someone married to a teacher in one of the highest paying districts in the country (DC), this is completely unlike our experience: less salary, longer hours, far worse working conditions - schools tend to be run like factories a generation or two ago, with rigid top-down management, not information-age businesses, and don't forget significant hassles like inflexible hours and vacation schedules. This is for someone with a subject-area Ph.D and an education masters compared with any normal software engineering gig requiring only a BS. Since the source is Forbes I would strongly recommend scrutinizing the original data to see how they cherry-picked it. A disturbingly common deception tactic is to only count actual teaching time, which is akin to reporting a software developer's hours by focusing on time typing new code and ignoring testing, documentation, meetings, research, HN, etc. Similarly, you frequently hear "3 months vacation" bandied about when it's typically closer to 2 months and ignores weeks of district/school professional development, pre/post-year planning & prep, mandatory continuing education, etc. We typically have only one or two options for a two-week vacation during the entire summer break. Even this isn't enough: teachers suffer from small sample sizes and tests which attempt to reduce very complex realities to simple numbers. Imagine teaching 70 students, some of whom have significant problems outside your control (e.g. not showing up for class) - if that number changes by just a couple of students either way, your evaluation can go up or down completely due to random variation. At this point, I'd also note that the people running the numbers tend to have very limited math skills – a great way to recoup some of the money we're pouring into standardized testing would be for each district to hire expert statisticians, scientists, etc. so the comparisons could be done by people who understand how to avoid measurement and analysis errors. > Teacher responsibility is a great thing, but we also need administrator responsibility. I cannot upvote this enough. All too often, the administrators get a free pass for blaming everything on the teachers and/or insufficient funding. If you have 30% annual turnover, at some point you have to ask who was the constant in the system. The biggest feature would be adding OS X/NeXT services/Android intents: currently it's impossible to have two apps interact without the developers explicitly baking in support. Allowing applications to establish some conventions for services ("Open web page", "View PDF", "Retrieve login information", "Subscribe to feed", "Post to {network}", etc.) would make the massive improvements from the integrated Twitter/Facebook support available for to all apps and services. This would also be a smart move for Apple as de-privileging Twitter & Facebook would mean that they wouldn't be helping support the lockin for those services – if Google Plus came back from the dead and started eating Facebook's marketshare, Apple would benefit without changing a line of code. Did you by any chance save that? They deleted it… We've seen many people who failed to read AWS' documentation and put all of their services in one data center. If you follow Amazon's guidelines and used multiple AZs (i.e. if you use RDS check that box), you've had very little (~20 minutes) downtime; if you went multi-region it's even less. It's not like this is a well-hidden secret - head over to AWS's whitepaper section http://media.amazonwebservices.com/AWS_Cloud_Best_Practices.... “Be a pessimist when designing architectures in the cloud” http://media.amazonwebservices.com/AWS_Web_Hosting_Best_Prac... “As the AWS web hosting architecture diagram in this paper shows, we recommend that you deploy EC2 hosts across multiple Availability Zones to make your web application more fault-tolerant.” Avoiding EBS - or at least planning seriously for how you'll handle failures, as with any storage system you use - is a good idea but it's unrelated to my point. This seems completely backwards to me: > Do not store emoji unicodes in your database. Store the human-friendly code and support the emoji-cheat-sheet. I would strongly recommend doing the reverse: store and use standard Unicode throughout your application. If you want support on browsers which do not support Unicode 6 properly, use JavaScript or a web font to substitute the characters in question so you don't need to update every bit if text you've ever stored or displayed when e.g. Chrome lands emoji support in a few releases. This approach avoids having to fix your proprietary encoding scheme later and also means that less popular user agents automatically get support as soon as they add it. There is at least one open font (Symbola) with emoji support and I thought Ubuntu had been adding support at some point recently. More to the point, however, you could take the symbols you would have to create either way and package them as a web font - which would only be downloaded on devices without a better choice - or simply make your JavaScript do a simple search and replace on the Unicode character values to substitute the same HTML markup you'd need either way. Again, you could do a client side detection for this to avoid any overhead on browsers with support. It's an incredibly obvious direction for Instagram to expand in so I'd hope they had some plan for this Don't forget buying a separate facility to store your extra hard drives and your time regularly doing full restoration tests to confirm that you haven't been hit by silent bitrot. 1. If a side channel attack in a noisy environment is the best attack, you're way ahead of most of the computing world 2. This is why cloud providers offer the option of dedicated provisioning where you can use the cloud APIs but ensure that your VMs run on hosts dedicated to your organization. Exactly - it's like the Twitter developer relationship, where you just have to assume that they're going to coopt your business at any time if all you're doing is repurposing their API. Given how many thousands of dollars we steered to Intel because of it, I'm not sure this maximized shareholder value either. Few things businesses do are actually big-picture decisions. httpie is a nice replacement for curl which, among other things, has built-in formatting so you can get pretty JSON / XML responses without giving up your ability to do things like displaying response headers: https://github.com/jkbr/httpie If he can't pick a reliable deputy to manage a single IT project how could he possibly manage a government? The President has to delegate well: Mitt either couldn't or didn't place a key service under someone reliable. You don't even want to think how much more than $12/hour they paid. Big consulting companies are usually $200+ for fresh grads whose best work happens on PowerPoint slides I'm an open source developer – working on Linux servers since 1997 or so, etc. etc. Please stop what you're doing: it's not very funny and it's not helpful, but it does give OSS people a bad reputation. You can host plenty of high volume things on Microsoft's code – Azure, Bing, etc. have proven scale. We can argue about cost, ease of use, etc. but a decent team should have no trouble making a serious service. The problem here is that they didn't hire a decent team – from the sounds of it, it was the usual executive-level schmoozing and managerial incomplete you see throughout large organizations of every type. They could have used HN'a favorite stack and failed just as hard. Oh, certainly - I would just have thought that getting out the vote is so widely recognized as a key factor in modern campaigns that he'd have put his best people on it. Would we be talking about leadership at all if, say, many of his ads were a little ham-handed? Sigh, yes. iOS auto-uncorrection to the rescue! The way you're doing it won't will anyone over. Open source has been winning where I work because we've demonstrated better results with less cost. I suggest you try to outperform rather than out-market. I suspect it's more useful for their big customers who need to test multiple versions – IE's most dedicated users are in the enterprise space, where Windows XP is still a major desktop platform. VMWare Fusion's importer works perfectly - in the past there used to be a concern with drivers but at least by VMware 4 it just works. Procedure: 1. Download 2. Use unrar or http://wakaba.c3.cx/s/apps/unarchiver.html to unpack the segments 3. Open VMWare Fusion & choose import 4. Get coffee & wait for disk I/O 5. Install VMWare tools & pending Windows Updates 6. Take a snapshot so you can reset it after the timelimit sets in (as noted by Microsoft, they disallow storing data durably for more than 90 days) No: the compatibility modes aren't the same as the real browser - they try but some features, especially things like CSS or DOM handling of errors, non-standard properties, etc. will not be consistent enough to avoid testing in the real thing. When IE8 was out, setting IE7 compatibility mode using an HTTP header worked for 99% of a huge internal business app but I had to monkey-patch around a third-party library because the code which worked in IE7 raised an exception in IE8's IE7 compatibility mode due to significant differences in the underlying JavaScript engine. This was an improvement - IE7 should have done the same - but it broke a huge enterprise shovelware system with an indifferent vendor who waited until after IE8 was released to start testing (a support manager actually contacted me asking if they could redistribute my patch!). I'd already posted it publicly, so I didn't even try to charge them. Yes: if you use a Google-branded Android device or have rooted it, you have a good experience unshared by most Android users who are stuck with vendor-crippled UIs and, at least in the US, carrier-marred devices which are rarely improved after purchase. (yeah, yeah, you can probably jailbreak it: most people can't and many who can don't want a second job subsidizing their carrier's policies) If Android devices weren't blocked from receiving software updates and the stock Google experience was the default, Apple would have a much tougher fight. Until Mozilla finally ships H.264 using means you have to double-encode every single file, once using comparatively primitive tools, or use Flash as a fallback for Firefox and IE8. Until then, GIF files are much easier to work with. Have you given up on automatic handling being feasible? It seems like the performance wins could be enough to justify something like a module-level constant explicitly stating that you're not doing metaprogramming, monkey-patching, etc. and allowing implementors to optimize as desired. If you live in the United States, you live in that state – it's just unevenly distributed. (Beyond the obvious Gitmo examples, consider the long list of wrongful convictiobs based on coerced confessions / testimony – I'd sleep easier if there was consistently harsh punishment for those responsible) Your point could have done without the [casual?] [unintended?] sexism: “mom” is not synonymous with “technically unskilled”. > Why did you assume that "mom" is the dominant descriptor in the term "mommy blogger" rather than "blogger" or the whole term? If he'd meant "blogger" generically he could simply have used the word unmodified. Instead, he specialized it by using a gendered term to repeat a common stereotype about a broad class of people. Have you ever heard anyone use a neutral or male identified term in a context like this? Would the point have any way been worse as “No sports-blogger“ or “No photo-blogger”? As for your attempt to claim that this is somehow due to my not knowing the definition of the term, I would note that your choice to resort to personal attacks rather comically undercuts your proclaimed desire for “rational discourse”. > And he could have done with less unprovoked politically correct corrections on HN, especially when they are factually false. A programmer's mom may not be synonymous with "technically unskilled", but statistically speaking, the overwhelming majority of them are So are the overwhelming majority of many other types of bloggers - in fact, the unmodified term “blogger” would have carried the meaning equally well. The choice to specialize the term in a highly-gendered manner is unnecessary, particularly when it reinforces common stereotypes and using it adds nothing to the actual point being made. That's why I suggested this was not deliberate: it's so common in mainstream society that many people aren't even consciously using it. As for your “cultural imperialism“, “provincialism”, those terms have specific meanings which aren't relevant - they are not simply free passes for you not to have to think about topics which make you uncomfortable. You keep misusing the term censorship: asking someone to reconsider their choice of words is not the same as saying that they should not be allowed to say it. Freedom of speech is not freedom from criticism. I find amusing that you ended it with a quote which more accurately describes your own actions. I hold no illusion that cultures vary or that equality is far from a law of nature – that was rather the point in asking someone to consider how unconscious statements might sound to other people. What does predictable language advocacy flaming serve? Anyone who knows why Erlang or Lisp failed to gain widespread usage isn't going to be swayed by such an enormous assumption. Your time would be much better spent learning why few engineers use your language of choice and making Erlang/Lisp more competitive. Nope - it's still all or nothing. Hope you don't get much mail… What about things like critical deadlines coinciding with security updates? The constant background effort of supporting email is a rather unfavorable return on your time. Points 1 & 2 are somewhat in conflict: it's almost certain that 30% is artificially high but since there is a significant value for a well-supported, widely trusted payment system it's likely that they'd still see significant revenues. Most of the competition would be Amazon or Square, not app developers setting up their own credit card processor. Competition would simply force them to actually deliver value to developers & users as well as allowing for business models with Apple's service isn't structured allow. Android has shipped more phones but they're far less used, mostly due to the same reason it's so much more expensive to develop for: for every iPhone-competitive Android phone in use there is at least one phone with marginal hardware, an antique unsupported OS release, horrible vendor/carrier modded UI. All those “free smartphone” offers count towards units shipped even if the only app regularly used is Facebook. If you're Flickr, you also have to deal with the crazy range in camera quality - akin to having to support everything from the iPhone 1 to 5. Google's inability to get carriers & vendors to be serious platform maintainers is the best thing which happened to Apple. Use something like mediaelement.js which uses standard formats first and falls back to Flash if not - XP is a legacy platform so there's no point in investing time on it. It's big for anyone doing video because it means you no longer need to encode everything in two formats simply to support Firefox. Beyond saving half of your disk space this is nice because WebM has limited toolchain support so anyone with a video production pipeline basically had to decide whether it was worth the effort integrating a bunch of new tools or continuing to put up with Flash. > People seem to have this idea that there was this golden age of Wikipedia where you could write everything, and then the EVIL DELETIONISTS took over. The fact is, huge amounts of what gets put up on Wikipedia is junk. The most common complaint I've heard was rather different: nobody questioned that some pruning is necessary but complained that the standards were incredibly arbitrary and niche interests like anime characters or minor porn stars frequently made the cut while e.g. academics were deleted because they didn't have a mainstream book, New Yorker article, etc. and the deletionist cadre wasn't interested in widely-cited papers, broad recognition within a particular field, etc. Jason Scott also highlighted a similar problem in http://ascii.textfiles.com/archives/3826 noting that the question again has never been quality but a very small number of people deciding a topic wasn't of interest to anyone else despite demonstrated activity. Attempting to portray this as a question of spam control or lack of external sources is either uninformed or whitewashing. > Are you honestly suggesting that it's worth doubling the size of all your assets over the wire a) it's nowhere near 4x unless you are using uncompressed images. With something like PNG compression most of the difference is negligible and there've been some interesting experiments showing that with JPEG trading resolution for quality is roughly break-even: see e.g. http://alidark.com/responsive-retina-image-mobile/ b) Even on mobile, latency is WAY more of a factor than bandwidth. If pages load slowly, it's almost always the case that reducing the number of CSS / JS files will help significantly more than reducing image sizes. c) One of the approaches for dealing with DPI variance is to replace images with vector / webfont / CSS alternatives which don't require scaling. If you do that, you're also going to significantly reduce the total asset size for the page which is going to help everyone get a faster time to paint. Lisp's problem has not been a lack of visibility, as a web full of smug Lisp advocates demonstrates. I've personally been hearing about how amazing it is, how everyone writing Lisp will be incredibly productive for at least 15 years — during which absolutely nothing of significance written in Lisp has shipped even while some ideas developed or popularized in Lisp have spread to many popular languages. Almost every single time this has come up, someone has cited drawbacks: lack of a standard high-quality implementation, limited libraries and, somewhat less universally, highly idiosyncratic coding styles hurting interoperability. This generally gets a mix of dismissal or vague promises that it'll get better real soon now. Meanwhile, the only claim Lisp has on mainstream status in 2013 runs on the JVM so it has credible tools, performance and libraries. I would argue that this is neither coincidental nor caused by lack of unidirectional advocacy. This is what MP3.com offered in 1999. The only difference was the legal agreements so the record companies wouldn't sue on dubious grounds. > There have been significant products shipped using Lisp. For instance, the original Reddit, ITA, Viaweb (the startup Paul Graham sold to Yahoo), Hacker News itself. The aspect I was really thinking about was developer mindshare: there are a few sites which did use Lisp but it never seemed to develop an foundation which many other people would consider building a project on top of. From the mid-90s onward I don't recall anyone talking about learning Lisp so they could build a website; it was always a case of not wanting to learn something new or some sort of CS machismo ranking languages without concern for mere engineering tradeoffs. They chose Lisp because they were comfortable with it - nimble is a social trait, not a language feature. It's not like Lisp automatically makes everything successful - the market-trailing HN performance and UI iteration times are a strong argument that technical factors frequently do not determine success. Case history can't be dismissed without consideration but … ever think about how long it took before we reached the modern consensus that non-property owners or women could vote, that slavery should not be allowed, the government should not be allowed to prevent inconvenient news from being published, etc? In each case, you could point to a mountain of argument which was commonly accepted, cited by high courts, and yet we now agree that those arguments were wrong. Politicians, judges and lawyers aren't saints – they follow the beliefs of their times: we currently have policies (torture, detention, eavesdropping, assassination) which are currently politically expedient for many people to accept despite very clearly being unconstitutional. I read “learned“ as in “learned the hard way”, which definitely has a different feel I regret that I can only up vote once. nice doesn't help with I/O pressure or memory contention, particularly if it used enough memory to contribute to swap activity. Even something like pressure on the system L2/L3 caches can be a big deal, particularly on older systems where those were less generous. Focusing on the CRIME attack people are trying to prevent, TLS compression works for the entire session and will thus include the HTTP headers which are out of band from HTTP transfer encoding. That's how CRIME works: if an attacker can use something like JavaScript to make a request in your browser with some text which they control and can observe the packet sizes, they can measure whether the entire message compressed more than expected, indicating that some bytes are shared between the browser-generated headers and their injected contents. Repeat enough times and you can recover cookies byte by byte. See http://www.imperialviolet.org/2012/09/21/crime.html for the full details. The good news is that Content-Encoding avoids the attack; the bad news is that it means we're missing the opportunity to avoid transmitting a significant chunk of repetitive text. Agreed, although I would note that at least on Linux and FreeBSD those haven't been a realistic option for a terribly long period of time – if the user didn't go to school recently, it's likely that they weren't an option. (also, not sure about cgroups but ionice did absolutely nothing useful with swap churn when I tested it awhile back) Given that the original article thanks the author of that post (Charles Nutter) by name, I think it's likely that Alex is aware of it. What about Challenger? Thiokol engineers wanted to scrub the launch but were overridden by their management over business concerns: http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2012/02/06/146490064/rem... It's not exactly the same situation but I think it illustrates the need to have independent oversight from someone outside the same management hierarchy – otherwise it's just too easy to cut corners, particularly since the feedback usually isn't immediate. NASA isn't a public corporation – although it seems rather unlikely that a disaster getting Congressional attention would be much easier – but Thiokol was a private business and would thus theoretically have a strong incentive not to lose a key contract due to failures in their components. The problem was that they perceived the risk of perceived flaws as high enough that they chose not to act. Market incentives aren't always as simple as they might seem at first glance. Depends on standard - within the clued-in performance community, yes, but there are major, major companies still pushing averages and that causes a lot of people, particularly those without much stats / engineering background, to expect it everywhere. To use one example which is prevalent throughout marketing, advertising, etc. Google Analytics reports only averages – this makes the results unreliable enough that I'm now advising people to simply pretend that field does not exist as it's completely untrustworthy. Awhile back I blogged about an example where 3 samples out of 200K threw the average off by a full order of magnitude: http://chris.improbable.org/2012/05/18/google-analytics-dece... > But will developers/users really flock to Opera just because it has a fast JIT? For me, Opera is just something to check for compliance. I think it's the reverse: users will like Opera if it has UI features they like. It's highly unlikely that Opera would be able to beat Chrome / Safari on speed but there's plenty of room for innovation in other areas now that the web is becoming fast enough for most users. Not having to support a modern browser engine just be able to start those features is the major win for Opera because they can focus on things users actually care about rather than obscure feature compatibility or baseline competitive performance. Also that in addition to not having fixed it, accurate stats are apparently less of a priority than, say, a gigantic fixed-position toolbar. That's been disappointing… For me the question for the larger web community boils down to this: we benefit as a whole when there are multiple high-quality browser engines but the implementors do not directly receive a significant share of those benefits (i.e. Opera implemented some things, helped the standards improve, and 99% of the web didn't benefit until the corresponding WebKit or Gecko implementation). If we want that to change – particularly for ambitious projects like major security or parallelism improvements – it seems like there has to be some way to bring the scale back to the level where a small group can effectively enter the field. I think it's more that you'd move the technology out a level - take the same fantasy-ware which is currently in Flash or Silverlight and allow IE or Safari to call it directly. The OSS versions presumably wouldn't get this and would be unable to play such content. Imagine started accepting QuickTime or Windows Media content and passing it directly to the OS framework for decoding & rights control. I'm in favor of the idea: if we are to have DRM – and there's no sign of the legal sea-change necessary to change that – it might as well be something which doesn't spread a binary plugin with a huge attack surface around much of the web. > Adding DRM to that ends that. Period. No hysterics. Your post is nothing but hysterics. Adding DRM support allows browsers to decide what to do in their UI in a standard way. It doesn't force unwilling content providers to use it and claiming that it closes the web is like claiming that HTTP should not support passwords because someone could use them to prevent open access to a page. > The fact of the matter, as I understand it, is DRM barely works when it's closed source and if it was open source it wouldn't work at all. If you think there's some way to implement open source DRM I'd love to hear how. Fundamentally, the problem has nothing to do with open or closed software: it's all about access to the decryption key. Open source doesn't really change this dynamic much as hackers have routinely retrieved keys from anything which they can access. You could implement something like HDCP where the content is encrypted all the way to the display device, at which point it's easy to have a completely OSS stack since it's just copying bytes to a specific location. I'd like to think that at some point people will realize that making digital data uncopyable is, as Bruce Schneier famously quipped, like trying to make water unwet. In the meantime, I'd prefer that the software millions of people depend on be standardized and developed by conscientious security-minded professionals – i.e. not Flash. > If you put DRM in HTML then I as a software developer can't write a competitive web browser or operating system without permission from Hollywood Look, I dislike DRM at least as much as you do but whether or not we like it, DRM is not going away any time soon. When you protest HTML5 gaining a standard way to specify this, you're saying “I would prefer most of the internet run on close binary plugins controlled by a single vendor until the rest of the world adopts my political views”. Since most people are going to stop using Netflix, Hulu, etc. I would at least like the system to be standard, competitive and well-secured. Finally, it's a canard to make this an open source issue: it's really about control of the underlying platform: if the decryption key is extractable, it's game-over – and so the studios desperately want to end general purpose computing. Neither Windows nor WinDVD were OSS and yet the first DVD key extraction happened there shortly after release. Again, you're confusing DRM with access to the private keys. Any time you say you can't publicly specify how DRM works, you are either speaking in ignorance or trying to deceive, both of which help the pro-DRM PR campaign. If we can't get Hollywood to accept reality, we would at least be better off with the open W3C proposal (you did read it, right?) rather than continuing to entrench a massive proprietary plugin. Almost certainly: I'd be shocked if they didn't have HR or accounting people dealing with incredibly hairy enterprise accounting, payroll, purchasing, etc. apps. If they're lucky, they support IE > 6. At a previous job, I called Oracle support for one of their enterprise apps (we paid at least 6 figures a year for “support”) asking about IE8 compatibility and was eventually told that they don't test Microsoft's software for them and would wait until it was released to start. This was after IE8 was released and our users had already discovered that Oracle's thicket of JavaScript had an ancient bindows.net library which relied on IE not throwing an exception for a completely erroneous misuse of elem.style; a week or so later, a support manager called me to ask for a copy of the monkey-patch I'd mentioned so they could distribute it to other customers. Such a broad statement needs support and you offer only vague assertions. I would be the first to suggest alternatives for make on a large, complex project but for a simple project make is quite useful, particularly since it's so broadly available. I have a few websites with very short makefiles to package static files. That's 5 simple lines of mostly patterns, very easy to understand and there's no tooling related overhead on any system we use. I wouldn't say that make is better than all of the alternatives but you're in serious diminishing returns territory trying to make further improvements. The real advice I would offer is the bottom line observation that your build system is supposed to save you time. Don't start looking for a cool-kid approved new one until you're spending time on the tool rather than the complexity specific to your project. Note that EC2 isn't in their critical path: it's a prep stage rather than serving directly to the masses. > there's a load from and a store to a k:v collection That is itself a separate specification question: does simple array access trigger full load/store semantics or is it simply returning a reference? Note, however, that this is not the same as the real browser engine - there are key areas which still perform like the native version. As an example, IE8 in IE7 compatibility mode will throw JavaScript exceptions if you try to set invalid styles on a DOM element but real IE7 silently ignores the error. If they're running Windows XP, he probably doesn't - a lot of places have skimped for years and are now faced with replacing hardware and upgrading software to run Windows 7. The results will be good but it's a capital-P project. Having done the equivalent for a gnarly enterprise web-app when IE8 came out (using mod_headers to inject the HTTP header equivalent) this isn't trivial and they may not have anyone with the necessary skills who is jumping to take on testing and support ( everything which happens with that app for the next 6 months will be first blamed as an upgrade problem). Beyond that, it doesn't actually work: some features won't be completely compatible so you're effectively creating a third browser to test and support. In the case of IE8, it was mostly IE7-compatible but it relied on the browser not throwing errors when JavaScript attempted to set syntactically invalid styles and IE8-in-IE7 still raised exceptions deep in a third-party library licensed by the app vendor. This app was made by a very large, wealthy company – we were paying mid-six-figures a year for "support" – and they preferred infrequent massive update releases, which meant that a week after I reported the bug (around the time Microsoft started pushing IE8 as an automatic install) one of their managers contacted us asking for the patch I wrote so they could redistribute it to other customers. This is why I won't work on enterprise systems. > Note that it's not a "simple array" here it's an associative one, a map. And of course it's not just access, it's the retrieval of a reference to an immutable cell, you can't just alter it in place unless you are certain no other reference to the cell exists in the system. This still comes down the question of whether your language preferes references or values: a design decision in-scope for the original question. A language designer might quite reasonably choose to specify that `foo[i] -= 1` means “Get a reference to the object at position i in container foo and tell it to decrement”, in which case the container access is not a concurrency issue except for write / replacing the initial object. This approach can also be implemented atomically in many architectures because it's a simple arithmetic operation rather than retrieving and storing immutable objects. It would also potentially be easier to scale if threads don't typically update the same elements because you could perform locking at the cell level rather than the entire container. > I wonder if perhaps your people just don't have much exposure Having used and rejected each of the things you mentioned for various reasons, I think you're making the common mistake of assuming that other people have the same challenges and preferences you do. It's particularly pointless to do this in a project release announcement thread – if it really doesn't work for you, just skip over it rather than flaming. You have the ordering backwards: SSH complains now so the problem is fixed before someone gets limited access to the computer. If your account or computer has already been compromised you're still screwed but this helps considerably on shared computers, NFS, etc. where the access situation is easier to misunderstand. You're installing code to run using your privileges. Don't you want protection against MITM attacks? > Do NOT install Java from your distro. Do NOT install Java by giving the root password (or by directly using the root account): no rpm, no deb. This advice is fundamentally confused about how computer security works: the issue is not how the code is installed, it's whether an attacker can get your browser / email client to execute it. If the code runs as you, it has all the access it needs even if the files are owned by root. > Fetch, from a regular user account, the Java .tar.gz and install Java in your dev user account. So I don't get updates from the very responsive Ubuntu / Debian groups and instead rely on obsessively checking the news? That seems a LOT worse than simply disabling the Java browser plugin. > Changing back 01/01/1970 via Date & Time preferences doesn't need authentication This is not true but it can be confusing if you've authenticated at all recently due to a grace period like sudo's. This isn't always true: it all depends on where you [the attacker] are. If you've done something like compromise part of a large organization's network, it's entirely plausible that you could spoof either their internal NTP server or time.apple.com but not both. One of the best designers I've ever worked with had a similar great strategy with clients who considered themselves design experts (usually senior marketing/advertising managers) and who would almost inevitably want to change something in the “final” design. The solution he had was to leave one obvious minor flaw in the final design – a color which doesn't quite match, odd font choice, etc. It was a lighting rod for unnecessary fiddling and was quite successful for keeping the changes quick and low-impact. The downside is that this obligates you to do a wider variety of tasks. I'd be surprised if CloudFlare has enough profit margin to afford many redundant electrical engineers, physical network & power techs, etc. in 23 widely dispersed locations. It's obvious that the extra expense wouldn't have helped in this case but it certainly would consume a big chunk of money and management time. Part of being a business is that you have to make tradeoffs in the real world rather than game-theoretical perfect moves. In many cases this means carefully writing contracts because you can't afford the certain expense and distraction of doing it in-house in the hope that the results might be slightly better. Akamai is much larger – 100+K edge nodes, many collocated in ISP's local facilities – and has much, much better global coverage, particularly if you care about Asia or South America. Downside: priced accordingly. Complex logic isn't going to be easy no matter how you structure it because the problem in question is intrinsically hard. The real question is whether exceptions are harder or easier to write or understand than the alternatives. Your example illustrates this nicely: say you jumped on the ideological bandwagon and decided that exceptions are evil and must be avoided. How does this change your code? You can try C / golang style where errors must explicitly be checked & routed through normal flow control - something like this has a million variants floating around: var recover = 0 for (var idx = 0; idx 0: // TODO: hard part goes here In either case, all you're talking about are minor semantics (i.e. whether you have to explicitly code an if statement, use a flag or goto, etc.). The actual hard problem is what meaningfully can be done for recovery and conflating that with the mechanics of how you reach that code isn't particularly interesting. The writing's on the wall, though, so you can just use something like MediaElement.js' Flash fallback until Mozilla ships OS H.264 support for other platforms. That's a much better situation than having to double your media transcoding & storage costs. Which is still slower: making the assumption that automatic updates are actually enabled (which is often not the case), Microsoft's update cycle is slower (monthly) whereas Chrome & Firefox have both deployed patches within a day of learning about a new zero-day. Microsoft also does not update Flash (prior to Windows 8) or blacklist known-insecure plugins as quickly – better than in the past, to be sure, but still concerning as the reaction loop speeds up. > How is it that sites like anandtech and investing.com run fine on my old iPhone 3GS, yet take up 256+ MB in Chrome You can't install buggy plugins or extensions on your iPhone. Try removing some of your Chrome extensions down and you'll be back in the 50MB range. > It's clear from my own experience, posts here, and benchmarks that Chrome has strayed from it's original design goals of being a lightweight browser. It's clear that it's fashionable in certain circles to claim this. It's also clear that these claims are based on subjective impressions rather than anything measured, which makes me suspicious given that an effect of that magnitude should be obvious and I haven't seen any sign of it. If you have actual data showing that the current Chrome browser performs worse than it used to, I'm sure the Chrome development team would love to see it. > Anyone with a good AV suggestion? I want something light on system that has Firewall as well(can go for separate Firewall as well), free options preferred. Use Microsoft's Security Essentials and the built-in firewall. Nothing else is enough better to be worth the cost, performance hit or reliability hits (MSE isn't magically immune to those but it's tested by the same people and they have a stronger incentive to keep the Windows experience competitive). That's for the easy end of security risks: since traditional AV is becoming less and less effective there's increasingly little benefit to cancel out the costs of using it. The way the AV industry sales tactics are increasingly relying on sleazy fear tactics mirrors this: the traditional players are used to a certain recurring revenue stream and really don't want people to start questioning how effective it is. The real benefits come from disabling plugins (or at least click-to-play) and keeping internet-facing software on a fast update cycle - Chrome or Firefox, etc. Since the exploit cycle is getting faster, it's about staying ahead of it and finding defense in depth improvements (e.g. not having Flash installed, keeping truly sensitive data on separate systems, using two-factor authentication everywhere, etc.) to reduce the chance of a simple exploit getting whatever the attacker wants. > This is exactly why Google is closing down Reader. The large number of vocal people complaining specifically about how much worse Google+ is than the old reader sharing system (search for "sharebros" or http://www.buzzfeed.com/robf4/googles-lost-social-network ) would suggest this is not true. With the exception of hardcore introverts, most people like the idea of sharing - but only when it's actually doing something they like rather than the gamified meaningless actions Google is chasing right now. > If this makes me introverted, then I don't want to be cool and hip. It just means you want good social software rather than things designed for advertisers. The original Google Reader sharing model was exactly what you describe: use it in private until you choose to share something. Since it would have been the right want to migrate Reader, I'm assuming they view this as a competitive disadvantage - probably because they're trying to push content providers to maintain a G+ presence. I was with you on the first paragraph but the second goes off the rails on the second sentence. It's hard to say that Google isn't also championing the open web unless you claim that Chrome isn't a Google product - NaCL and Dart are interesting experiments but it's not like Google hasn't poured a TON of expensive, high-quality time into creating an industry-leading JavaScript engine (along with CSS, HTML5, etc. support) and put a similar amount of time into evangelism, developer outreach, etc. Even if Google cancelled Chrome tomorrow, the entire open web community would owe them a debt of gratitude for administering the coup de grace to IE's reputation as the only significant desktop browser and pushing Mozilla to heavily invest in performance and the user experience – they cared about them before but as we can see now, setting your goal as “better than IE” was still too low. There were a bunch of nice things which happened around that time – Firefox, Safari, iPhone, etc. – but the thing which really opened the desktop market moving was Chrome shipping a radically fast, user-friendly browser which you could install even on typical corporate IT-mismanaged desktops and which you never needed to think about updating. Web standards advocates had spent years preaching using standards first and fallbacks for compatibility and related ideas but the rise of Chrome seems to be what got the mainstream web developer to really internalize that idea and start coding with the assumption that the browser would improve before they revisited a site. Atom: see http://www.intertwingly.net/wiki/pie/Rss20AndAtom10Compared for details but it basically boils down to RSS having gaps and inconsistencies which are compounded by the spec being essentially fossilized and David Winer being famously difficult to deal with. That wake up call was when they strangled the Reader social community and started pushing Google+ so heavily on Gmail users: this social network wasn't going to be the kind of service you joined because you wanted to, it would be the sort which is even more hassle to ignore than to use. That's like saying HTML is for hackers: ordinary users shouldn't need to look at the raw serialization format if the service is any good. The many not hackers I interacted with on the old reader appreciated the way they could keep track of interesting things even if they were only shallowly aware of how it worked. the old Reader, although both are correct since they're admirably copying the 2011 Google high point. In addition to VLM's excellent points about the horrible Google+ UI, the feed system is open while Google+ is proprietary and closed. Why should the BBC subsidize Google's business? Why should all of us miss out on innovation which can't happen before Facebook/Twitter adds a feature and Google copies it? Reader might have been the most popular client but there are a ton of tools and services which do interesting things using feeds, none of which are possible in a walled garden. You have a year to upgrade before Microsoft pulls it completely off of life support: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/endofsupport.aspx If you care about security, performance, usability or even basic things like display text quality, upgrade now. > Installing Wordpress on the other hand requires zero PHP knowledge. I don't disagree with your intent - it's critical to have a quickstart option for people who aren't primary developers - but there's a downside to this: a comically high percentage of exploited sites are Wordpress because it's not trivial to secure or stay updated. That's a much harder problem to solve since you really need an automatic updater but the odds of something requiring human attention during an upgrade are high. This is a “PR slide” in the same sense that torching someone's store is PR. I read this as Kay being unfamiliar enough with the lower level protocols to assume they're significantly cleaner than the higher level web. The “designed by professionals” era he's talking about still had major problems with security (spoofing is still too easy), reliability and performance which is why there's still new work being done tuning everything for high speed or high packet loss links. Go back just a little further and hostnames were resolved by searching a text file which people had to distribute! Both systems are complex heterogenous systems and have significant backwards compatibility challenges any time you want to fix a wart. It's easy to spot problems, hard to fix them, and as the array of failed competitors to eithet shows it's surprisingly hard to design something equivalent without going through the same learning curve. As a biologist might tell an intelligent design proponent, if you look at one and see genius design you're not looking closely enough. “We took the liberty of trying your email and password on some popular websites and have rejected your application” This is exactly what almost every reader on the planet does, thanks to discussion and evangelism 5+ years ago There's a bigger problem: FeedBurner wraps URLs in the google feedproxy redirector. If they shut that down, a ton of old shared links will break. Exactly: and one which many people assumed was a safe choice for the future given deep-pockets backing > The 20-30% hit to IO If you're seeing that, something is configured wrong. VMWare was 95+% of native disk and gigabit ethernet 5 years ago. Can't speak for the parent poster's company but the numbers don't match my experience with VMware many years back. It's possible they've had a sharp regression but we were maxing out gigabit ethernet and local RAID arrays in 2006. Their pricing has gone up while the rest of the industry is trending down. This wouldn't be so bad except that most of their tools are very enterprise-y – clunky APIs, odd gaps in tooling, etc. Basically the hypervisor is developed by the A-team but the management tools and even components like the HA manager were obviously second-tier – big, convoluted snarls of daemons for something which should have been clean, simple and trustworthy. (i.e. I spent a few weeks on the phone attempting to convince second or third-level support that the HA system should also pay attention to the heartbeat checks rather than ethernet link status when deciding whether to use a network connection. The techs I talked to were under the impression that this was how it worked until I proved otherwise…) I stopped supporting it in 2008 but at the time it was already apparent that they were trying to milk large companies rather than stay competitive – and that was before the price hikes. > At the same time, I could be that OpenStack's API is superior to VMWare's. With a fleet of servers, you want to automate as much as possible - meaning that at the end of the day, API trumps GUI. It reflects the bizarre decision VMware made when they wanted only sell to the top end of the market: the biggest customers are also the most likely to have the resources and incentive to build tools around that API. The small to mid scale shops depend on the GUI tools far more. The parent very clearly specified I/O, which is what I was commenting on. > Unless you are doing really heavy IO or CPU across multiple VMs on the same host which is likely if you have any load worth mentioning. There is a 20% to 30% difference if you run one process per VM or 8 processes on bare metal in an 8 core machine. We benchmarked it on known good configs optimised to bits. > > Either the hypervisor scheduler is shit or the abstraction is costly. I reckon its down to the reduction in CPU cache availability and the IO mux. We were running heavy loads and there was nothing like a 20-30% hit. I'm not saying you didn't see one but this isn't magic or a black box: we had a few spots where we needed to tune (e.g. configuring our virtual networking to distribute traffic across all of the host NICs) but it performed very similarly to the bare metal benchmarks in equivalent configs. What precisely was slower, anyway - network, local disk, SAN? Each of those have significant potential confounds for benchmarking. zlib is fine as long as you don't give an non-threadsafe memory allocator - see http://www.gzip.org/zlib/zlib_faq.html#faq21 . As far as I can tell, it either means that the summary was imprecise and the slowdown was in the image processing code and not zlib or that they chose to rewrite (and debug) a big chunk of code rather than read the zlib documentation. Ignoring that point, this seems like a poor point for comparison as it's a trivially parallelized task because zlib operates on streams and shouldn't have any thread contention. There's very little information in the description but unless there are key details missing, this doesn't sound like a problem where Erlang has much interesting to add. The most interesting aspect would be the relative measures for implementation complexity and debugging. My trust of iCloud disappeared when a restore from backup lost all important data (passwords, Google Authenticator keys, etc.) with no indication. The backup was listed as successful, the restore was listed as successful and yet the only data I needed it to restore was lost. This was also when I learned that Google's process for restoring lost two-factor credentials ultimately ends in an email form which sends to higgins-prod-lost-hard-landing@google.com which been bouncing since 2011 . Thank FSM I had some some backup codes printed… I think the main problem is that there's zero UI indication that your backup is incomplete and the Apple store staff aren't instructed to ask/communicate that. It'd be a very different story if using iCloud or iTunes without a password triggered a “Because our programmers are lazy, we're not backing up your sensitive data” message. > I am rather most likely being downvoted because HN in the past few months has taken an extreme downturn towards a slashdot/herd mentality You're being downvoted because you clearly have no idea what you're talking about. It's entirely appropriate to criticize a language for being too hard to use correctly - your argument would apply equally well to saying that C++ should never have been created because it was simply the fault of people using earlier languages not using them sufficiently well. This approaches dark comedy because you're also criticizing a company which maintains one of the largest and most important codebases in existence and has a huge list of bugs and security issues demonstrating that even in the hands of very experienced developers it's too easy to use C++ incorrectly. Businesses care about loss, not security as an intrinsic merit. They will invest it only to the extent to which problems are actively costing them sales, raising expenses like insurance or are required to comply with some sort of regulation (government, credit card processor, etc.). Something positive like a site redesign perceived as increasing customer appeal or negative like an expensive legacy server upgrade often trumps security unless it clearly poses a future risk – this is also why many large companies tend to follow the trailing edge as the main concern is usually avoiding a lawsuit alleging that they were significantly worse than everyone else in their industry. Why is the answer not “HTML5 sandbox cannot compensate for non-security-minded developers”? After reading this and the discussion, the only thing which seems certain is that the vk.com developers need to set XFO. Akamai has a nice public stats collection based on their CDN traffic, which is both enormous and significantly more global than some of the other metrics you see. They show IE6 consistently around the ~1% level: http://www.akamai.com/html/io/io_dataset.html#stat=browser_v... But only for uncached resources - see Eric Lawrence's comment: “Internal to Trident, the download queue has “de-duplication” logic to help ensure that we don’t download a single resource multiple times in parallel. Until recently, that logic had a bug for certain resources (like CSS) wherein the schema-less URI would not be matched to the schema-specified URI and hence you’d end up with two parallel requests.” http://www.stevesouders.com/blog/2010/02/10/5a-missing-schem... You could use a resource loader if you really cared but with IE8 under 10% and dropping I'd recommend keeping your site clean and maintainable – anyone using IE8 at this point is used to the web being slow and ugly so something like this will be the least of their worries. If you care about security enough to use HTTPS, you need to serve assets over SSL anyway. Note that this does not affect all assets – only active content – which means that you can still serve images, audio, video, etc. over HTTP if you're comfortable with the risk of interception, spoofing, etc. … and precisely how many users do you think know to do this? They might if it's happened before, been correctly diagnosed and explained before and it's obvious as soon as you open the file. It's more common, however, that the Excel bug only causes data loss or invalid results in a percentage of records and, when people notice it, it's corrected by hand. If you need to do this a lot, generate xlsx - it's not that hard and there are decent libraries for most languages. Relying on users correctly setting column types every time is like making your daily commute depend on having airbags. Akamai has quite a few endpoints in China. We've had a few problems with the great firewall but those appear to be transient That said, I'd love to know what the usage stats look like from the perspective of ChinaCache. Also: the tech industry needs to grow up out of the prevalent libertarian attitude[1]. There's a lot of knee-jerk reaction against government action but because that's a fantasy, it usually becomes an excuse for doing nothing at all. As a community we spend far too much time protesting inevitable tends when we should be calling for reasonable, workable regulation – e.g. we're never going to have a world without your personal information being collected in various places (this is the tech-libertarian equivalent of the belief record company executives have about DRM) but as a community we could make significant improvements for security, independent oversight, liability for loss & errors, etc. 1. I would suggest the term “glibertarian” because a significant majority of people who talk about libertarianism do so without demonstrating awareness of how much government support their current lifestyle and success requires. I guess it was a good thing I outlined the specific positions I was referring to – otherwise someone might have only made a cursory reading and complained about straw men rather than addressing the problem. Check out John Walker's PATO proposal from 1993, following Autodesk getting hit with a bogus patent: http://www.fourmilab.ch/autofile/www/chapter2_105.html I think the modern wrinkle would need to be establishing a common defense fund with the goal of funding all the way through invalidating bad patents, not just settling a suit. Right now most of these players simply risk losing their time investment, not the grounds for future extortion or possibly even invalidating other settlements. A well-funded, well-known legal team could have an easier time doing filing to consolidate cases, making the strategy of repeatedly going after small companies less one-sided. http://emberjs.com/ doesn't say anything about being that unstable on the homepage and the list of users has enough well-known companies that you would reasonably conclude it's ready for production. Various posts have made the front page here and I don't recall many (any?) caveats saying it's only for thrill-seekers, either. I find it extremely unlikely you'd make the same judgement about a male engineer who behaved the same way – I've seen so many guys with similar resumes who routinely act like that and it almost universally gets excused with something like “well, he really cares about doing it right” or “engineers are just like that” Even back in 2002, the writing was on the wall for ColdFusion as the costs went up and many bugs[1] had gone unfixed for multiple major expensive releases during the legacy-customer milking phase of fading out of the market. Forget PHP4, even PHP 3 was a big step up in features, performance (e.g. simply issuing a database query was over an order of magnitude faster!), reliability and even security – it was easy to find advice for fixing the risky defaults and libraries for common tasks like sanitization. My guess is that this was either licensed or not considered a core feature and handed off to someone who was already invested in Cold Fusion. 1. e.g. nested loops were broken so for i: for j would repeat j[0] i times rather than correctly iterating the inner loop. The app server tended to leak memory and crash, particularly on non-Windows platforms, and the automatic restart mechanism was completely broken. It was obvious that they wanted to kill Reader, as has been confirmed by many of the people who worked on it. The initial Google+ implementation was mediocre and no attempt was made to improve it – there were basic flaws like +1 sharing not working at all on mobile which went unfixed for at least a year. IE8 dropped under 10% for me last month. Several years seems fine to me. IE7 is old enough that I would point users at all of Microsoft's “please upgrade” pages — if you deal with financial or personal information, it's worth doing just for the security benefits. XP falls out of support next year: any bank using it would be going against very strong security guidance from Microsoft. Once you're on non-antique Windows, there's nothing preventing you from going all the way to IE10 which, again, starts getting into situations where not upgrading for security reasons starts approaching negligence. Microsoft will not be doing it past 2014. I wouldn't care more about their OS than they do, particularly given the extreme security risks. Try Akamai's global CDN stats showing similar numbers: http://www.akamai.com/html/io/io_dataset.html#stat=browser_v... This would be why my iPhone displays the page without text for 30 seconds until the font loads. Much as I like web fonts, using them for body text is painful. Nothing is broken, it's just a design decision: do you show unstyled content or wait until you have everything. See http://paulirish.com/2009/fighting-the-font-face-fout/#updat... for details but the gist is that browsers used to differ (Firefox chose the approach you prefer) but have converged on blocking until the fonts have downloaded. Currently the only way to get the behaviour you want would be using something like https://github.com/typekit/webfontloader and using CSS to specify a default to be used until the font has transfered: body { font-family: sans-serif; } .webfonts-loaded body {font-family: "Open Sans"; } People care about pictures which are important to them. They don't care about the encoding scheme currently in vogue or reducing Facebook's bandwidth bill by a small percentage at a significant interoperability and thus usability hit. The average computer user has been able to use “Save As” on images for every image they've every seen online with little question that the result will work with their local applications – until now. The most charitable way I can describe your decision to blame the user is poorly considered. I would like to see new formats catch on but early adopters have to assume responsibility for the growing pains – Facebook making the trivial effort required to make their download link more prominent is about as easy as it gets. JPEG was an enormous improvement, particularly given the far slower connections in use at the time: waiting minutes rather than hours to download an image over my 2400bps modem was huge. In contrast, WebP offers marginal compression improvements, significantly increased hardware requirements and only a few technical improvements (e.g. alpha channels & lossless, although since the latter is so much slower and less effective than PNG I'm not sure there's much of a point). For many users, this simply isn't enough to justify pushing it through the toolchain. Less effective = lower compression savings. I was testing with source lossless JP2s in the 6MB range: PNG was 14MB and WebP took at least 10x compression time to hit 20MB (tied with TIFF LZW for least savings). First, declaring everything WebP is bad at as "non web" assumes that everyone uses the web only for things they don't care about, which isn't remotely true as the original article shows. People save what they can see - and normal people don't want to switch tools for each situation. Second, it's still not the case that WebP offers a significant advantage over JPEG-2000 or JPEG-XR, both of which are standardized, better supported, more flexible, and have much better designed file formats. Instagram was burned for telling a story about their ToS which didn't match what they wanted to claim and then tried a classic non-apology apology rather than admitting overreach. If the new ToS had only claimed what they said they wanted this never would have blown up. If your device is open by default, it's open on WiFi or to other VZW customers. In every case, the wrong answer is trusting the network to protect you. It's true that NAT reduces the risk of portscans but that's not much of a benefit any more. For at least a decade the accepted best practice has been host rather than perimeter level security and that's only become more important over time. It took awhile but the average device sold today doesn't have anything listening by default; at this point you're just subsidizing a few market-trailing manufacturers. This advice breaks if you have more than one type of page on your site: you don't want to have browsers processing tons of JS which isn't needed for the current page, especially on mobile. Even if it's always cached ( not even remotely true), there's a non-trivial amount of parser overhead and memory usage. What I prefer to do is have a common bundle for the JS used on every page, bundles for each distinct type of page, and separate polyfills for old browsers. This improves your initial cold-cache load time for every page, avoids penalizing new browsers because other people use antique browsers and avoids cache churn by invalidating the entire bundle every time you change anything in one JS file. Interesting: in terms of visual quality, I would rank those in order of decreasing preference as OS X, Windows 7, Ubuntu. While it's been reskinned, THOMAS dates back to 1995 and the core reflects a much earlier era of web development. It's slowly being replaced with congress.gov which has far more palatable URLs: http://beta.congress.gov/bill/107th-congress/house-bill/3162 Every continuation framework I've looked at radiates an intense desire to treat the web as something other than what it actually is. Java and Flash are being dropped because they are proprietary and have a single maintainer, in both cases companies which shirk their support duties. JavaScript is open and has multiple implementors who are all - even Microsoft - aggressively improving performance, features, and security. How many people actually run a different JVM, though? Market share is really unbalanced, which is unhealthy but due to the stranglehold on official compatibility certification which is the hallmark of a one vendor world. > These issues are exactly what people refer to as "first world problems." On the one hand, we want everything regulated You need to re-read the article: the core theme is that there isn't a monolithic “we” requesting regulation but rather that the regulatory framework most of the public wants to assure safety, pollution, etc. has been captured by a smaller group of industry incumbents who are using it to prevent competition. Drivers are not the only people who live in a city: if you walk, bike or use public transit, does it make sense for a parking space to go to a single driver (with no benefit to anyone else) or a food truck patronized by hundreds of people over the course of day? The main problem in Manhattan is that street parking rates are kept artificially low – as much as 40% of the traffic is due to people driving around hoping for a savings over garage parking. Everything written in Python has the automatic promotion from C longs to bignums when the result no longer fits: see http://docs.python.org/2/library/stdtypes.html#numeric-types... > AWS goes down but Amazon carries on quite happily Usually more like “isolated parts of AWS go down and people who didn't follow Amazon's deployment guidelines complain” I used to give them one attempt at education as to why software development isn't off-the-shelf if it seemed reasonable that they might simply be new to that sort of project. In practice, though, it was almost always the case that they were simply being unrealistic and hoping to find someone new / desperate who would give them more than what they paid for. In a couple of cases, it went well – there are people who genuinely appreciate being educated about what they as a businessperson need to know about approaching software dev. Sadly, it's a definitely not a high success rate: if you don't get an impression that the conversation is going well, there's probably a good reason for that. I would be remiss in not thanking the Varnish cache developers, too: it's using CloudFront now but Varnish came in quite handy when we suddenly jumped from mostly images to some large videos like http://science.nasa.gov/science-news/science-at-nasa/2010/21... shortly after launch. The scariest bit of code was probably the scraper + html5lib normalizer I used to migrate something like 15 years of legacy static HTML content from two separate into the CMS using a large pile of selectors and cleanup heuristics. http://chris.improbable.org/2009/10/16/deploying-django-site... describes how the site was packaged using RPM so we could fit within the more traditional IT model used by the production sysadmins. One open-source tool which came out of this was https://github.com/shentonfreude/webcompare which we used to bulk-compare the old and new sites to confirm that all of our legacy URLs either redirected or were intentionally 404/410ed. No apology necessary - I find it feels weird to name people unless they're already part of the conversation. Newsblur: it has a clean UI, mobile apps, open source, has a viable business model and has gotten past the first round of scaling to handle the Reader diaspora. A number of the people I used to follow on Reader have joined and the social side is flourishing with most of the voices which Google+ snuffed out. That's a selling point for me: there's an actual business model which can pay for the cost of operations. Very few modern web applications scale instantly and automatically, particularly not those which are a) non-trivial and b) run by small startups. I prefer the service staying zippy rather than getting overloaded and turning off a bunch of people. All the time and the experience is radically unlike what you describe because I simply don't visit ad-bloated sites. Those practices tell you they're just trolling for page-views – don't reward that lack of respect and you're fine. This oscillates back and forth: we're never going to get rid of one side so it's pointless to start claiming the world has changed when a 60-40 split flips. As an example: all of the apps which still work if anything, anywhere, doesn't load and run a huge pile of JS correctly. c.f. Twitter, Gawker, etc. The client side is fragile to an extent which simply isn't true on the server – this doesn't mean you don't use it but rather that you still have to think about what happens when something breaks. But … it took 5+ years not to freeze the UI if the network dropped a packet and lookupd ran out of threads. This was much worse if you used a network authentication service like LDAP – I submitted the same libldap client patches which I sent upstream to the OSS devs ( http://chris.improbable.org/2008/03/15/borrowing-from-the-fu... ) – but this and NFS client kernel deadlocks and other problems (they accidentally broke Unix permissions for a few releases in the 10.4 days) were generally either ignored or answered with something like “How many Macs does this problem prevent you from buying?” ( NOT a joke). iOS's WiFi still hasn't fixed the basic usability bugs I reported against 1.0 (simple things like “Don't capture the UI until the hotspot page has actually loaded” or “Don't nag me asking to reconnect to a marginal network I already requested you connect to”). iOS autocomplete remains an embarrassment, frequently turning correct words into nonsense or failing to handle minor inconsistencies in input which didn't produce a valid word. iOS backups don't backup the stuff you care about like passwords or settings but do backup things you can trivially re-download from the store like apps. This is not in any way documented and the backup status will simply claim the backup was successful without mentioning that it includes almost nothing important. FileVault had data-loss bugs for multiple releases until v2 was released. Time Machine still doesn't check data integrity and the remaining users complain about weird UI bugs, performance impact, hangs & data loss, etc. Nobody at Apple appears to care. iCloud sync is a disaster with uncontrollable delays and hangs (e.g. http://createlivelove.com/246 ). There's no sign of anyone at Apple caring since it hasn't impacted iPhone/iPad sales. To reiterate: Apple doesn't obsess about quality unless it's needed to get people to buy the device. https://insouciant.org/tech/network-congestion-and-web-brows... had me thinking the same thing: useful post, better with a text-only view. With some optimizations unrealized: it's not like everything can use SIMD or that all problems which could theoretically use SIMD actually benefit. Comparing scalar code is still useful for the vast majority of programs executed. That's actually wrong unless that i/I code is strictly internal data which is never shown to a human. Where was the snippet from? It's unfamiliar, not ugly. Give it a few years and you'll think they're perfectly fine, just like we heard endless complaints about "melted" cars when more aerodynamic designs were first introduced.