I'm building something probably best described as a Dropbox competitor but with a p2p twist. No blockchains or tokens, just performant code, no-non-sense offering with a SAAS style (optional) subscription. Currently at the proof-of-concept stage. One-person outfit so far. Sounds like a nice way to end up in a plea bargain. I think it used to be in 20 years time. https://bigthink.com/videos/fusion-really-is-20-years-away-2... Even in the US people get away with all sorts of stuff when there's no evidence. killall -9 vim There was a drive which used the rotational energy in the platters to generate electricity enough to write out what was in the cache. I wanna say it was IBM. I think it's easier to sit down and stay put on a snowboard, just about everywhere. Whereas with skis, you seek out some snow naturally, probably on the sides, just to don't glide any further. (You don't want to sit down with skis. Sitting down provides more friction than standing up.) So you are advocating pogroms? I'll take democracy over that. Maybe foolish, but actually with a shred of ideology except Power. Damn, I was bit by this, I had forgotten about it because it was such a long time ago. No, the meta-data is somehow distributed and fsck can pick up pieces of it. I don't think you have to encrypt the image to avoid the edge case, a compress of the image should be enough. It still sucks though. Sure, but I read it like you wanted to respond in kind. It is'nt clear. For instance, to me it's not clear if that can be obstruction of justice in a forth-coming investigation. So? Aren't we talking about hiding evidence that something may have connection to sanctioned individuals? If so, I agree with everything you said but it could still be obstruction of justice. Very cool! This triggered another idea - our ears already can move a slight bit by its own muscles. Can't we read these muscle movements, and amplify them by controlling the servo Cat Ears in sync? Might be easier to learn to control, maybe. I think the success is partly accidental - when these schools started, traditional schools were often militaristic in style and with a focus on obedience and listening in silence. Montessori schools emphasised interaction and discovery using the simple tools of the day, like tools and toys. In todays school, the kids are often overstimulated by our current multi-media world. Montessori schools provide a calmer environment. So my pet theory is that they started out as stimulating under-stimulated kids, and today are calming down over-stimulated kids. Our human "cameras" also scan constantly, have crazy dynamic range, employ dynamic shades (hands) and move around several feet, inside a protective weather proof shield, as well employ "sensor fusion" with "microphones" and "vibration detectors". To add to the confusion, there are two main kinds of brake fluid: The classic, pro: works well even under high temperatures resulting from prolonged braking. Con: absorbs water over time and must be replaced fairly often even if not stressed. New kind, pro: does not absorb water and does not degrade as much on its own. Con: braking action gets "spongy" when the fluid heats up from prolonged braking. As a staunch advocate against war crimes, the sensible move is to outlaw the Russian commander in chief. Russians sometimes name Ukrainian "Little Russian". So the newspeak name for Russian could of course be "East Ukrainian" or "Little Ukrainian". How about non-nation states, such as the US? Maybe the Erlang way is more letting the entire thread crash and "bound" it with a restart? ElementaryOS is leaving a lot of money on the table. The reason is that they have an established user base, and there is an app store, which is very curated. People would be more than willing to pay for apps on that app store. Not so many developers are willing, though. The thing is, to publish on the app store, the source code must be publicly available on for instance, github. If they allowed app developers to sell truly commercial software, ElementaryOS could be a self growing machine, and they could give away the OS for "free" and keep the OS open source. Maybe it's not as "pure" as what they are doing now, but on the other hand they could reach so many more people if they had more monetary resources. But ElementaryOS is in a unique position to monetize which they don't use. They don't allow commercial applications on their app store. I'd publish there in a heartbeat, if they did. They are also in the position they (barely) function at a very low cost. They don't need a lot of cash flow to make a huge difference. If someone has a way in with them, please please mention this. I'd hate for ElementaryOS to die, I really like it and have followed it from the beginning. It's the only Linux which strikes the balance between being "normal" and caring about simplicity, consistency and ease of use. If they got decently paid, by allowing proprietary apps, one of the competing apps could stick around by virtue of actually making money. The ElementaryOS company would also get more cash, and could, (like Apple!) improve a core set of apps. A "kernel" of good quality Linux apps could also spread to other distributions, and hopefully slowly coalesce around GTK and "ElementaryOS" style GUI as a de-facto standard. (Since the other distros are more accepting of jumbled GUI styles anyway, why not make your app on ElementaryOS first, and distribute that version on the other Linux versions, too.) Anyway, the hurdle is not technical - flatpaks or no flatpaks. The hurdle is strategy and ideology. I forgot to mention - the user can pay $0 for any app. This is the problem which needs to be fixed. All apps are donationware, enforced by the appstore. Yeah, keep doing it, I meant. My mind was racing, but I see parallels to how Apple "gives away" the OS (really bundles), so MacOS does not have an apparent cost to end users. ElementaryOS could similarly do that while be the place to gather high quality graphical linux applications. And not only high quality, UX consistent. Such a shame if it fell down this close to success. It's really, really hard to start a 2-sided market. But it's almost like Elementary is activelly avoiding a run-away success. In a way it's like they are naturally a SAAS (curated app store) but they try very very hard to sell a product. They would be in no worse position they are now, the difference is that third party app developers could make money on their platform. For Elementary, it would mean the same or more cash. Likely more. I don't think it's apparent how little money ElementaryOS needs to thrive as a SAAS style business. They only need a few thousand sales a month through the app store to make a HUGE difference to their bottom line. Yeah, the turbo is a known issue. Always let it run a minute before you start your trip, especially when cold out. Never rev the engine until a couple of minutes after water temp stopped increasing. (So the oil is up to working temp.) Always let the engine run 30 seconds after you pulled in to park. If you ran fast or towed something, let it run a minute or two. Change oil twice a year or every 6000 miles, which ever comes first. Always use 5W-40 or 0W-30 fully synthetic high quality oil. If you do this, the turbo will live many years. If you start to see white or blue smoke on start, the turbo is shot. You still have time, but not much, to change turbo. It can be as little as a few cold starts left until it burns out. If it completely burns out, the engine will suck in oil, run dry, heat up the catalytic converter etc etc. But if you replace the turbo when the first smoke appears, you are golden. You have two options for turbo. New Old Stock is mostly gone. So either order a chinese Garret copy, or order a used one. Both a used original and a chinese Garret copy cost about the same, $200-300. Both have about the same chance of working for a long time. Some of the old ones have a lot of miles left in them, and the quality of the copies seem to have a high spread. If you or your mechanic can adapt inlets and outlets, you can put a turbo from another brand of car on your SAAB engine. The -2003 ("original") 9-3 SAAB, are in my opinion undervalued. They look good, and they drive good. It's not extremely fast, but I have never felt as "one" with a car as with that model, and it's also extremely forgiving. If you push it to its limits in corners, it will let you know long in advance what it's about to do. It felt completely undramatic to push it to its limits, never felt scary. I have driven both slower and faster cars which have both felt scary when approaching their limits. For some reason, I also pretty much immediately felt "where the car is" when parking the SAAB. I have driven many cars since then, various models of Mercedes, Volvo, Citroën, VW, and also the next generation SAAB 9-3, but in all of them it's taken me a lot longer to figure exactly "where the car is" when parallel parking and such. It's an easy thing to say. I used to ridicule my friends who longed for SAABs. Until a few years later I happened to drive one. Well, that was that. I was hooked. To bad the company tanked. They had neat design going: http://www.retrotaksi.fi/en/index.html I don't see any evidence your statement isn't made up either. None of those, but the implicit assumption that the pool of violent drunks won't increase when the bar (pun intended) for binge drinking in any setting is lowered. It has only been a couple of weeks yet. We will see how much will be left of Mariupol and other surrounded cities. Incompetence can be the worst scenario. "If all else fails, grind down civilian population with medieval siege and artillery." Your last paragraph goes too far to me. China represses its whole population. Yes, all empires are inherently "evil", but there are far more freedoms in the "west" than in China. You can't just equate them. This site we are talking on could not exist in China. I wonder how much of that is because of the medium. You had to film it, with film. The film itself cost money. You had only a certain amount of it on-set. You then had to wait for it to be developed to see how it turned out. You had to synch audio to it, so you had to really think about what you wanted to say and for how long. Finally, the distributed product had a standard length for distribution. (The reels sent out.) My favourite thing about that story is that it was on film reels , not videotape. Which one gets 2% more? Yeah... I have watched so many corporate video addresses which just drone on and on and on, often with minimal production qualities too, like a webcam and questionable microphone skills. These things would not have been filmed at all in the past, or they would have been much shorter. There would be a film crew. Someone doing the microphone setup and telling the subject to enunciate etc. And us corporates would have watched it in the cafeteria before lunch on the 16mm projector. The low barrier to entry today is wonderful, but it also means a lot of stuff made is just fluffy and not very necessary at all. I guess it's also easier to skip most of it, so there's that. That may be, but the massive corn subsidies in the US maybe can finally ful-fill their original purpose - protect against starvation in case of war. I always assumed as much. Constant fear of nuclear war is not what has made the corn subsidies constant. Maybe I'm missing something, but the US is so incredibly vast, I can't understand why you don't have place for a least a few beavers. I sort of agree, but the American legal system wasn't exactly in great shape before. The reaction described in the article is not good, but a reaction of some sort was expected. The largest atrocity was creating a power vacuum by firing the entiry Iraqi army after the war. "After the initial invasion, most of the Iraqi military's former soldiers and officers offered little resistance to Coalition forces in the early days of the occupation. Many soldiers had simply gone home rather than openly fight the invading forces. This seeming acceptance of Coalition authority stemmed from the US military continuing to pay the salaries of Saddam's former soldiers, while promising senior Iraqi officers that they would have a major role to play "in building a new Iraq." [0] Paul Bremer, head of the CPA, issued an order dissolving the entire Iraqi military, as well as most civilian employees of the old government, and pledged to build a new military and government from scratch. [0] Thus, a decade of hell and eventually ISIS, began. 0: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Occupation_of_Iraq_(2003%E2%80... Sounds like a pretty good simulation of the corporate workspace, though! I'm sure it was not intentional at all, but it is pretty funny. Complete with lower pay (or at least less career opportunities) for working extra hard on the Death March project about to be cancelled. Quel surprise... how could Walmart have known about Canadian laws beforehand. :-D Not over , just engineered. That's what safety is. I don't mean to be snarky, the built-in buffer is part of what makes it safe. People are very spatial, and the Desktop metaphor and file browser metaphor already taps into that. The new version of OCaml got multiprocessor support recently. https://www.infoq.com/news/2021/10/ocaml-5-multicore/ It would result in less "engagement". (And a better "filter bubble". At this point, I don't know which is worse.) Meet your new entrepreneurs . Same as your old entrepreneurs . Even if it is debunked, that article is from 2015. What happened the next 7 years? Yeah, maybe. But those in the old guard are used to building expensive, one-off things. I'll agree they can have better margins on what they already do. SpaceX benefit most from stuff which can be mass-produced. Customers who have use-cases which can be massproduced, will benefit the most from SpaceX. Another commenter mentioned on the perils of that too - SpaceX owns the ride, so they hold the keys to the Kingdom. > We gonna renegotiate fishing agreements in Moroccan waters? That would also be, "We enjoy our EU trawlers fishing in West Saharan waters, and we don't want find out what a would-be West Saharan government would say about these rights" I tested NT 3 something on a DEC workstation on Alpha CPU, at a trade show in the early 90s. Already then, it didn't seem like dragging things around would eat a significant amount of CPU. I started a bunch of AVI videos playing at the same time, while dragging windows around, and everything was smooth . How long until someone actually makes this version? Damn, that's four years after the breakup of the Soviet Union. Pretty late. I remember what I was doing in 1995. Nukes getting transferred to the Russian Federation would definitely have surprised me, had I known. Kazakhstan is stable politically in much the same way as North Korea is stable politically. (Just in case someone thought of democracy when they read "stable".) Those are not standard though, more like a "hack". https://www.reuters.com/business/energy/german-regulator-tak... Upvoting but Russia most definitely cannot be self-sufficient. Unless you mean in a theoretical or future sense. Most of it exports are energy, and their industry depends heavily on western and chinese machinery and components. Those were most likely people with a motherboard with 4 CPU slots and with 4 CPUs plonked in there. 36% better memory latency. Four times the single core performance. Two decades. Banned in the EU since 1999. I thought so to but as soon as Afghanistan was mentioned, it changed my mind into "mundane criminality". Heroin is a normal crop in Afghanistan. Lots of US military equipment was abandoned during the US retreat, and a lot of Afghanistan army equipment (from the US) was seized at the time by the taliban. Trading of such things to interested foreign buyers (such as Burma factions hoping to defend against government air forces) feels more like tragic normal world events than Bond movie villainry. Do we know this? To the police "know we can get a conviction" and "know is guilty" may be a distinction without a difference. The icing on the cake would be if the DOJ thwarted a CIA plan to bring air defence to Myanmar resistance. Patents are 20 years, so if you are unlucky, no. Also there are those infamous "submarine patents". I wonder though about truly ancient x86, why aren't there more clean-room clones of those? Damn I'm old. I assumed the underlying idea was that the US will export oil to make up for Russian oil about to be sanctioned in Europe. It's standard, but what is new is there are so many more random devices which can be potentially used, instead of servers and PCs. [0] - It's not witch friendly, it's witches only, in other words. Isn't it the fifth book in the trilogy? I don't understand how you can come to this conclusion? A small country is dependent on good relations, foreign investors and on and on and on. Even at best, the small country gets limited clout. What can a small country do against a multinational company or against the WTO etc etc Yep, came here for this. There were a couple of strange twilight years when Commodore was almost (then actually) dead, and at the same time: An Amiga with external third party graphics card, 68060 third party CPU, SCSI-2 was faster and cheaper running MacOS than anything Apple could offer. Notably Photoshop was faster, because it took quite a while for all filters to be competently ported to PPC, and as OP said, the PPC in the Macs weren't even that fast in the first models. Edit: I think I might have had an account on that BSD Amiga of yours, at one time? Early 2000s if true. Someone gave me shell access to a tricked out A1200, I wonder if it could have been yours. If I recall correctly, some people had web pages there, including some musician called Zia. (You!?) What mostly killed the Commodore Amiga, was brutal mismanagement by Commodore itself. How? I thought it was up to the JPEG decoder how to actually decode the image into pixels. (Not that JPEG couldn't be workable in practice if some care was put into a solution.) Yeah... like a laptop with OpenBSD? Otherwise it sounds like sound advice for any device if you have the threat profile to warrant it. True but there are fines which can sometimes be substantial especially for companies. Or bombings of Dresden. If you want fire. If it's cheap, non-perishable and transports well, it will have a big market. That link took me to a description of how women should be posed with an "S-shaped figure". The EU was on the verge of doing that not too long ago over the Lissabon accords. Cadaver images, may be disturbing to some. Stuff is pretty harsh then, regardless of reason for 0 in records. Sweden most especially is not supporting the PKK. The PKK is even designated a terrorist organisation by the EU. NK exists at the behest of China. China wants a buffer between it and South Korea. If that wish were to change, I'd expect NK to be either gobbled up by China or allowed to rejoin with SK. Turkey sees YPG as a subsidiary to PKK. Others don't necessarily agree. In Eastern Liturgy, the ticket is the confession and the mandated overtime is the penance. I like them both very much. American blueberry is (when ripe) very sweet, like a candy almost. Bilberry (=blueberry to me) is very flavourful. Sometimes I want one, sometimes the other. Bilberries really taste nice in milk for instance, or for flavouring icecream. American blueberries don't add much to icecream, they sort of disappear in the general sweetness, but taste great on their own. Be careful with the kind of tools that increase abstraction in the code base itself. It can easily tip into a situation where it will have to be all ripped out when the OP leaves the company. Or worse, remains as a cargoculted mystery. There are no hard and fast rules, but stuff that increases the productivity of other in a (to them) non-mystical way would be best. It's a judgement call, some of these in the list above made me pause, but the red flags will be specific to each workplace. The keys is to know what others will understand, and that is a super-power in itself. Base power is nice, but I think we need to be more creative in setting up infrastructure that can work with varying price. - 100mg of Zoloft wash it down with water. The transition will be complete when some AI can fool/bribe the other AIs that its workers are human. With the mandate from Heaven out of fashion in most (ahem, one glaring example) democracies, there is always think of the Children. I feel I have seen something like this in GTK-land. I don't mean X11, maybe I'm thinking of the way to GTK-ify bash scripts. What a current buyer wants in a Nash equilibrium of weird incentives and zoning laws, is the Just the Way Things Are ? Is it still mostly salads or is there hope for high-calorie hydroponics? I like how psychology (or at least behavioural studies) is edging closer to being relevant in computer science. I always preferred ytalk, then your own window to type in. (The screen was split in an upper and lower half and you had one or the other.) I was there and it was amazing. After comparing this comment above with your typing there, and this comment here compared to my typing there, I concur. /MagPie I read not too long ago about things I didn't learn in school: - Most cities in Japan had already been extensively fire-bombed - The Japanese High Command were not shocked that atomic bombs could exist or that yet another city was obliterated - The Japanese - Soviet war was also not going well for Japan. They would much rather surrender to the Americans than the Russians. You are framing it as if a land invasion was inevitably the only other option. That's also impossible to surmise. Or - the result is the body finds a way to have tax money fund the licensing body. The oppression of the Sami started several centuries earlier, that's probably why. I think language should not be a requirement either. It's complicated, one can identify with a group despite having lost the language some generation(s) ago. Agree 100% on the other points. But were the Eagles immune to the lure of the power inherent in the ring itself? The whole plot hinges on that a hobbit was the most resilient against the corruption of the Ring. The Eagles were proud and powerful creatures. A ring-wraith Eagle would have been quite the setback to Gandalfs' plans. Several regular lamps/light sources focused on the same 3D spot, possibly tracking it in real time, should also work. The body temperature of the insect only need to be slightly raised for it to die. It needn't be "zapped" in an instant. NT 3.x did not have the video driver in kernel, so it was extremely stable. I liked it a lot at school, felt silky smooth on the 486DX66 in the lab. Presumably, the array of lamps would not be aimed at humans, and turn off if a human stepped in the way. Even then, it would only be a problem at the (common) focal point of all the lamps. They will just look at you with an expression of pity and slight disgust. I think the actual end user will end up in the room as the machine learning tech matures and get implemented in regular industry and biz use cases. I find it so interesting that there is such a huge chasm between "what we know can be done" and "what we do in practice in industry". How can it be that in so many programming languages, adhering to a contract means nothing but "these methods have similar calling signatures" and "I pinky swear I implement the semantics of std::io::Write " ? Haven't the Ocaml people entered the next metaphysical level of understanding? When they speak of "types" they don't mean "uint32_t" or a class. Funny, I don't see any good from IKEA when you look at the greater picture. More waste, un-accounted for externalities all over the board (labour laws, environment exploitation), extremely well-honed organisation designed to evade taxes through "charities". They seem to operate at much higher level of abstraction. They mean something more profound when they speak of "types", which I don't understand. Also Ada seems interesting, with more spelled out contracts. The effects of IKEA must be very different depending on where in the world they were introduced, and when. If your country (cough-cough USA) had already descended into the "crap products globalisation stage" before IKEA came along, it will feel like a net positive. If your country (cough-cough Sweden) got IKEA before that stage, I would say, yes, IKEA displaced quality furniture. I'd say the overall problem is un-accounted for externalities. Cheap crap from China or Vietnam is just a symptom of the same illness. Crappy products are okay, in a free market economy. But crappy products with huge environmental costs undercutting "kosher" crappy products, is not okay. What use are even labour and environmental laws if one can skirt them by pushing the problem elsewhere? I see. Then it's OK to skirt environmental and worker protection laws, I guess. As long as the products are nice. We provide a regulatory ecosystem - inside that ecosystem, Amazons and IKEAs are the winners. If we change the ecosystem, other companies would evolve to be the winners. (Or IKEA and Amazon would change.) I can't see why not - in normal computing, there is I/O. On embedded it also just "I/O" but a little more brutal than streams. Still pretty much the same though, at some point you must reference the outside world. What am I missing? I feel it is slower now. 1981 IBM PC - turn key useful but expensive and clunky 1982 Commodore 64 - cheap, good gfx + sound 1985 Amiga - you could drop someone from today (2022) on an Amiga and they could still find their way around the UI and write a document, save it, print it, use the calculator, whatever. (Before you start comparing with MacOS v1 and Windows v1 , yes, true, but Windows 1 has clunky UI and neither MacOS nor Windows could execute more than program at a time. Only Amiga had that.) So, within 4 years we went from the "Personal Computer" becoming a real actual thing with the PC, to having basically the same desktop metaphor we still use today, with the Amiga. That's incredible development speed. The only thing I have seen which was just as fast, was the iPhone driving adoption of touch interfaces and mobile Internet. This also drove the concept of an "app" as something you pick and choose and expect to be there for major brands and services. It's hard to say if the "PC" (I mean that loosely) or the iPhone/touch/mobile trifecta had a greater impact. On the one hand, almost "everyone" are or will soon have a smartphone, so that has a huge impact. On the other hand, while "PC" adoption was not ubiquitous, it drove major changes in mass culture (printing, music, video) and industry and economy. Not everyone had a computer, but everyone was aware of them and were impacted by them in ways large and small. (Before you start comparing with MacOS v1 and Windows v1, yes, true, but Windows 1 has clunky UI and neither MacOS nor Windows could execute more than program at a time. Only Amiga had that.) I picked my goal posts arbitrarily, but an Amiga could basically run all software we have today, if the CPU was faster. Stream music + download something + editing a text, for instance. The Mac OS could only have done this a little bit later. But sure, yes, the UI of the Mac was incredible, only 2 years after IBM PC. So did many systems. About 3 people used them. Hm, I guess most half-assed techy blogs are 0/10 then. Honestly I don't see a problem with the few posts I looked at. It's like recipes. You can't copyright recipes. At least it's not AI-generated blogspam, but a modicum of at least curating went in here. We bill everyone for 1% of their net worth, and if they fail the exam, government keeps the money. And if you fail you can not contribute money to campaigns etc. Probably not, Qatar is mostly sunni islam. If you come at it from an assembly perspective, the explanation makes a lot of sense IMHO. But it could use a qualifier that the "name" is just a number and not the actual name as in the source code. It's a pretty darn high number. Compound interest on that negative goodwill... Wow... someone should write a game for that. It matters to them? I think you are overthinking, a bit. IM is very formulaic, but maybe a dying breed of formulaic. This makes no sense. We have plenty of most genres. Why make anything? Each generation wants to make and experience their own take on everything . It also automatically enables "global optimisation" in most cases. This style is called "amalgamation" and SQLite is distributed (but not developed) in this way. Wow, I almost never see a comment to this effect on HN. So very few people understand this, and that it also extends to all property, not just land. I don't think the Shire had enough hobbiton population for an industrial revolution. Estimates I have seen are below 200 000, maybe much fewer. Britain had about 10 million in the 18th century. And you think there is a power vacuum there? Try build there and see for how long no-one bothers you. Haha, have an upvote. :-D I took at is if they didn't give their number, there would be no connecting the call to an individual. (Unless you recognize the voice.) I find it bold to assume any human was involved at all. (Except possibly wood-burning youtubers reporting her video, but I digress.) I don't know how old fashioned that is. Before the web, you didn't stumble upon this kind of content, and it was certainly not promoted to the top of anyones feed. The same adsense slice would still go to popular content creators, even if they were rate limited. But such a system would have to be mandated "from above" somehow, or upstart "Youtube Competitor" would just outcompete Youtube if Youtube unilaterally would impose such a rate limit. It's not strange. I had deep respect and even some fear of the Russian Army for what it could potentially do to my country. That fear is now largely gone for me. If they can't blitzkrieg the Ukraine, good luck coming here. It would be hell of course, but we could keep them at bay. "The west" have supported the Ukraine, but only really with a trickle of arms compared to its resources in reserve. The combined air forces alone of the west would totally mop up the Russian forces at this stage of the war. The santions have driven up the Ruble, true, but how much is really transacted with that Ruble? It's also problematic to have a strong currency. Russian soldiers are for some strange reason paid a war risk premium calculated in dollar equivalents, which means less rubles when exchanged at the current rate. And thus using that freedom to paint themselves into an ever-smaller corner. So he should really have known better. Malice or incompetence? So, you are saying there is still hope? "multi hundred thousand dollar piece of equipment" So, pretty cheap, it sounds like? How much is the hourly rate of surgeons? If it's working so great, why are 100s of thousands (maybe millions) of educated Russians leaving for other countries? Russia is now set up for long-time decline, with even worse demographics than it had before the war. The C64 didn't have that horrible sound chip, no. :-) Right, because of all the nuclear missiles stationed in the Ukraine. I love it after stumbling upon it somehow. (Non-ex-USSR-ian here.) VHS has a mono track and a stereo track. Some copies have only the mono track, some setups use only the mono track, ever. My Harry Potter 2 copy has a garbled stereo track, so I manually switch to mono when watching that. Or if BBC would have gone ahead with video-on-demand from an array of LaserDisc players distributing to optical (analogue!) fiber in London. In the 80s. Eh, no. Think about it. If the audio was encoded in the video signal, it would need to be buffered. (Such systems existed, but not in VHS.) Audio in VHS is a continuous analog thing. But no need to speculate: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VHS I am not thinking digitally. VHS stores the video as it was broadcast. But how the audio is stored, has nothing to do with that. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analog_television There were different ways to transmit audio over the air waves, but it was done on a different frequency from the video. There were even schemes to broadcast the audio on regular FM stereo as. Some VCRs had a separate audio in so you could use a separate audio source for instance for dubbing. (But you had to record video at the same time, because of the head switching. So no going back and edit only the audio or only the video, with VHS.) The audio on VHS was originally stored just like on audio cassette tapes, quoth the VHS wikipedia: "audio was recorded as baseband in a single linear track, at the upper edge of the tape, similar to how an audio compact cassette operates." HiFi quote from the same article: "Hi-Fi audio is thus dependent on a much more exact alignment of the head switching point than is required for non-HiFi VHS machines. Misalignments may lead to imperfect joining of the signal, resulting in low-pitched buzzing" The audio is not stored at the end or beginning of anything, it's continuous. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IF_rTTptah0 The HiFi audio is recorded "deeper" in the tape, then they video is laid down on top of that. My mistake then. I triggered on what you wrote "That means audio will be encoded in the signal after the video frame." It can be interpreted either way (at least by my brain) - chopped up after video, or "after video on the video tape but continuously". I think this exchange is what they call "violent agreement" :-D Especially when you know Mr Rogers would want you to be impartial! Russia increasingly does not care about copyright of foreign stuff, so there's that symmetry going too. Not intentionally cripple. It takes years to get to feature parity even with laser focus. If that focus isn't there (deciding Sheets has a slightly different positioning in the market for instance) it's not getting to feature parity. During a fire maybe? So it started as a celebretion of the annexation of Crimea by Russia? Right, it's marketing to attract foreign students I believe and bad taste IMHO. But the difference in practice between a college and a university in the US is not clear cut even there. In Sweden the distinction between "högskola" (college, basically) and university is not super clear either. One needs to look at the specific faculty in question to know if it's any good. This goes for all schools. This explains so much. Please don't do that. They don't like it. It's nice to see a cross platform library for these proprietary operating systems. (AWS, Azure and GCP.) Reminds me of GNU Libc back in the day before Linux when it ran on Ultrix, BSD etc. But probably not redistribute. This is stretching an analog way too far. A car is necessarily a mechanical contraption. There is no inherent conflict between reliable and easily repairable in that domain. I turned off WiFi on mine because I was too annoyed by ads. Sounds like a great way to have a judge make you liable for compensation. I want to be happy/angry about it, it sounds actually exciting. Tell me more. Reminds me of how Phoenix BIOS was reversed engineered from the IBM BIOS, and the documentation between documentation team and programmer was entirely written and attested, for legal purposes. The graph makes for a good laugh. Also, I want to agree, but algorithm code can look ridiculous in any language, graphical or not. I think graphical coding and "real" coding will merge from both ends. An advanced IDE today is already sort of beginning to look graphical. I sometimes wonder if not these CPUs are just waiting to have their power unleashed. Almost like FPGAs, they could be reprogrammed to have custom instructions by someone skilled. I'm doing a (free) backup system (just a hobby, won't be big and professional like dropbox) for PC, Mac and Linux. This has been brewing since april, and is starting to get ready. To me the choice was between C# or C++, but I ultimately chose C++, because while C# is much faster to code in, when there is a problem, coding directly against the OS, I have much more control in what actually happens and in what dependencies I really have. Edit: I also must confess that I'm enamored with the idea of having a comparatively tiny executable without any other runtime dependencies than itself and the OS. For build system I use meson, and cross compile the Windows targets. It works from Windows XP through Windows 10. (If you have any 32-bit version of Windows, you get the "32 bit XP" version. If you have 64 bit but it's older than Vista, you also get the "32 bit version".) It makes sense what you say, but I still have doubts. Are you saying that not all x86 instructions are implemented in microcode? And wouldn't shader language be a perfect target for custom microcode, etc. No, it's a GUI application. There are ways of making the GUI parts cross platform, like webview and such. But the GUI parts in this application are native to the OS. "Only" the core functionality is shared between platforms. This is also something I have been battling with in the past. All the cross GUI platforms have their quirks and problems and varying OS dependencies you are then married to. Since this is my own personal project, I decided cut the knot differently and just do the GUI parts native. So far, I have found it be incredibly liberating. Instead of trying to instinctively shoe-horn functionality into something that will fit on all platforms, the code itself becomes much clearer when all the really "abstract" or "logic" code is completely separate from the platform code. This is of course best practice anyway, but the decision to split this way made separation incredibly obvious. When the "logic" parts code cannot communicate with OS resources, you aren't tempted to put stuff where it doesn't belong. Technically, LGPL is also problematic whenever used in appstore applications. Kids have phones these days and don’t even notice books, or anything else really. I don't know yet, whatever feels easier. In Windows, the GUI is made so far with code and RC files. Second order ad. :) It looks like the kind of stabilization one should (or could) apply to shaky handheld video. That kind works by zooming in and using the borders for cropping and rotating. In this video it gets extra weird because somes scenes are meant to be shaky. I never got it work with my images. (Flatbed mosaic.) Which version of it? 1.0? I don't know what to call it, but Minix on 286 had protection between processes. (Each process had its own 64k instruction + 64k data, IIRC.) So effectively the same result as an MMU. But Minix is the only OS I know of which used this mode. Didn't SPARC have some kind of sliding window register set? I suppose these numbers must converge for all three as number of files go up? (And compile time for each file is not negligible.) I say this because in my use case ninja spends almost all of its time running compiler processes, not resolving deps. Works for me, but it's also on archive: https://web.archive.org/web/20220815211059/https://www.ucis.... So, a very imperialist Kremlin. I think I must have hit that case often, I have come to see it as inevitable that Make does a lot of linking at the end... Can be any number of reasons, maybe Java shops do other things, like backend and biz logic. I hope it sticks around. If it's around long enough, it can be an alternative in its own right. Ever since ElementaryOS lost momentum (or really never found it, rather) I have been looking for a "third way". RavynOS could be a great way to develop Mac apps and also target the apps for RavynOS. Could be great for music appliances and whatnot. And Russia is willing to fight it to the last Dagestani, Ossetian etc. Very thought provoking take. But I think Russia will splinter long before China. Specifically the eastern and some of the central asian parts of Russia have no upside to staying in the federation. They are being sucked dry and if Moscow loses its grip from the attrition of a war, things will crack. I don't have much knowledge of China, it just appears from the outside to me that the State is in much more control. Yes. Let's just remember that 49% of the population dying is most of the population surviving. The firebombing of Dresden was done on purpose. I agree to it being an existential threat - to Moscow and the Kremlin. (Which is what matters.) A prospering, west-oriented, large and largely Russophone country on their borders would be a terrible reminder for both populations what a massive failure the Russian state is. If Apple is playing 4D chess with China, we don't know what moves are possible at this time. This may have been the only acceptable move at this time. Here I thought the Ukraine was the main victim and Russia the perpetrator. So basically, Russia is the abusive ex-husband who says: "Look what your new friends made me do to you!" "Now lie still while I rape you" In Sweden "milorganite" like processes are as far as I know fairly common, but there is controversy around heavy metal and antibiotics content. I'm with them on this issue! Go for it. You have a platform, man. :-D Oh, jaywalking. Lock them up. There are entire albums on Spotify which are full songs of 80s pop classics, played at a slower speed, then uploaded as a new album from another artist. It's not through an Ethernet port, that's the interesting part. :) Not uranium. If it has the heavy power-supply, consider replacing or repairing it. It fails over time by increasing the 5V rail until some chip or other fries in the C64. Aren't "handouts" a hard sell in the US? Okay, it's a detail, but Cuba is a weird country to single out. It's bad, but surely there must be literally dozens of worse countries to choose from. It's starting from a decent place, but the delta is steep. (I'm not from the UK.) How quickly do you think such systemic changes are going to play out? And it already did kill people. The covid response was not exactly stellar. What, how?! Currently, it looks further than ever. Lest someone think this is a joke or exaggerated. No, it's literally true. Corporations have a direct vote in the assembly. It's policed by itself and answers to no-one, not even the symbolic "crown" I don't understand. That's a simple and brilliant idea. I'm running with it. Then we have to checks notes - make every network niche! I quip, but I think there are solutions in that kind of thinking. Not everything needs to connect to everything. I think it sounds worse when you put it like that. In practice, it will run on most phones. Google is phasing out 32-bit[0] and x86 was never really a thing for Android, more than a curiosity. 0: https://www.zdnet.com/article/google-to-64-bit-android-devic... What can work really well, is to rent the cheapest, smallest VPS you can find. Then redirect the SMTP port with a VPN to your local server, which can be anywhere in the world. You can run IMAP the same way if you want to. What can I use it for? What is it? Over a few millenia, certainly. But why don't they just cut the connection at the plant. Agreed about demonizing themselves, they do. That's very rational, actually. Not very nice, though. One of my favourite daydreams is accidentally going back in time and having to build an internal combustion engine. I think I would go with a hot-bulb engine with cylinder walls thick cast bronze. I want to put my finger on that "word-set" is a kind of cheat. In "Set this thing here", "set" not is not the same word "this set of things", and the last meaning is much harder. This will make it very easy to see how much understanding is in the single words and how much is in knowing places and talks of other people and what happened before to someone. His eyes open. When the walls fell. That's the scariest horses I have ever seen. I like their earlier work more, with the audio pictograms. Now, that is performance art. :) There is something to the "the emperor has no clothes" situation, but also, there is more than that to art. three times Iff the energy can be extracted on the moon (water + solar + rock) and equipment be built there, there is only the gravity of the moon to overcome, which is low. Given how much flak WW2 bombers could take and still fly, I'm not overly worried. Just build redundancy into the design. For wheeled vehicles, add more wheels. For solar panels, put them in a grid spacing, etc. Since the moon has a vacuum, whatever is launched from there has no drag. Make the payload in winged form, skip-bounce on the Earth atmosphere, add some ablative shielding, and Bob's your uncle. Sure, but it will also go straight trought many things, not impart all of its kinetic energy into whatever it punches through first. The ISS has survived quite a long time in much the same environmental conditions as stuff on the moon offer, and the ISS also needs to worry about keeping air inside. Just how dense are these rock showers do you reckon? After all, the moon has very old untouched features. Bill and Ted was hardly a large pot of money in Keanu terms. Gas should have been phased out a long time ago, for geopolitical and environmental reasons. For sure. I understand perfectly well what led up to this. Nuclear also ran out of rivers to cool them in France. Now we will see a fast transition instead of slow and steady transition away from gas. It will be "interesting". Ohhh, I have wondered for a very long time where that sampling came from! And Wine. We will find out. Maybe intelligent load shedding, residential co-generation with thermal stores (underground water reservoirs) to easily switch between heat and electricity generation on demand, large scale battery banks. The EU will basically have to create a war economy energy wise. Germany is in for a world of hurt, because a lot of their industry is built on gas. Germany must switch over to processes based on electricity, in a situation where electricity is at a premium. I believe a two-pronged approach is necessary - decrease the size of the base load and increase production. Not enough is made of decreasing base load. Nothing inherent in the design of the grid says it must act as an infinite battery of infinate power - that's an artifact of history. We need to build more flexible processes around an ability to quickly switch on and off loads depending on current price. (Nuclear is nice but the lead times mean we won't have any new capacity until 10 years from now.) It's pretty incredible how much of Photoshop workflows are really film operations. I hope those days don't come back. This migration wave hopefully can get jobs more according to their area of expertise. Isn't the very existence of Signal "activism". I'm saying we should go nuclear. In the meantime, we will be forced to find solutions. It certainly felt that way to me in the beginning, before Signal got some traction. It didn't even have voice calls originally. I think a majority will never care much about right to privacy and just use something. The thing is, for me to exercise my right to privacy, it helps if I can practice that right with more than one or two people in my address book. A majority of republican voters do: https://www.marketwatch.com/story/poll-finds-65-of-republica... What party members believe, I can only infer from what they say. But if anything, it seems even more extreme. Some of us are back on the film bandwagon. :) Yeah... I had one of the Mac-like-things with a built in monitor. It was very cute and I actually liked it, but it was dog slow. Upgrade the memory from 4 megabytes to 16 and put a 1000 - megabyte hard drive in it eventually. Haha, I've had this reaction vs other technologies. But in hindsight your comment (which could have been mine a few years back!), is really funny. Basically, are you staying with Vue because it's the monster you know, or why don't you fear Vue becoming a monster? :) "Nobody ever got fired for X" is a rhetorical device which means "in most situations, you generally won't be faulted going with the most main-stream option on the market". Every large company will grow a pointless and pedantic way to organise data. Might just as well make it explicit. Am I the only one who thinks FB would easily: a) "implement" COPPA by using the sign-up form b) don't care that the profiling of a user leads to showing ads that would fit a 10-year old c) don't care when other ads clash with the profile consistent of a 10-year old d) plausible deniability Q.E.D Employees seldom are evil cartoon characters. Banality of evil, and all that. It's the system as setup which is the problem. When faced with such a hard problem, there are basically two outcomes: - oh well, carry on then - maybe we shouldn't be doing these things, and make a drastic change? I know, the second option is almost laughably absurd. That's what I'm saying. The fundamentals of some companies are such that they can't be (morally) rescued, only divested. It looks better. The noise is just nostalgic for me, it doesn't enhance inherently IMHO. Engaging conversation is not as intense as raging. The hunger can never be satisfied. JVC has something which shakes the image slightly. Yeah, I got exactly that message a week or so ago. But does it though? China State is increasingly powerful, but it also looks increasingly brittle and more likely to shatter under stress. “The West” may have a less spectacular failure mode. There are many places you can move to. The unhealthy posturing near Taiwan, the repression of minorities and the "social contract" between citizens (you get materially better lives) and ruler (no questioning of the ruler)... When things are built like that and crack, they crack deep. This could actually be stronger than a wall built from rectangular pieces. Nordstream 1 is off. They are the same, but the material wealth is not increasing anymore. What happens then? Taiwan conflict is edging from posturing to cold, hard steel. You are responsible for many of my "someone is wrong on the Internet" moments :-D It was DVD, but yes. :) Okay, playing the devils advocate here, but sometimes the "lingo" is useful. Grabbing a "couple of beers" could really mean a "bunch of beers". But a "dyad of beers" is very explicitly exactly two beers. To me "a pair of" can colloquially (see, I did it again) mean "a bunch of". That was the first thing that came to mind. Maybe there would be a market for a "data USB port" which would filter away all other kinds of USB devices than storage devices. Were some of them also, hrm, explicit in nature? Call of Duty then and now are very different. Back then, it was more like an indie movie. Now, it's Disney size. Their animators are cogs. Tree farms are not at all the same environment as old forest growth. I'm all for the critique of S-curves in other responses but this resembles dog-piling. Or would you say an old meadow full of species of bird, foxes, rabbits and insects, is equivalent to a wheat field? Planting trees is better than not planting trees, but it's not going to restore the ecosystem that came before it. Wasn't grandma using cane sugar? You are clearly not in their backyard. :-) All very good, except whether the contracts are legally binding is completely orthogonal to how they are implemented and executed. Much like HN itself. This project focuses on being a drop in replacement to the proprietary firmware needed to bringup Linux on the other processor. (The ARM processor.) Isn't anyone going to talk about running random stuff on the VPU itself?! Given it's the thing used for 3D and stuff, I imagine it's going to be crazy fast at certain computations, much faster than the ARM is. Untapped potential of all Raspberry Pies out there... maybe the VPU can be (ab)used to do stuff similar to what the Raspberry Pico can do. Less so on computer monitors, but the raster on a CRT is not pixels. So graphics made for CRTs look worse on LCDs. Even low-res games on a CRT look less chunky than on LCD. Doing tricks is neat, but I think dogs get too much credit for doing tricks and following commands. A dog (or cat!) can show impressive signs of intelligence without having much inclination for tricks. Our dog knows who we are talking to on the phone, our daily routines and many "intelligent" things, like spoken instructions on how to behave the next morning, but hardly know any "standard" dog commands at all except "sit" and "stay". Interesting framing. I'd frame it as Bitcoin having a local unexpected environmental positive externality. (As opposed to negative, which it has most other places without an unplugged methane leak.) Does the expression "perverse incentives" mean anything? This argument is like energy incentives in the world were mostly fine, except that some energy was stranded and could only be picked up by Bitcoin. For something that is supposed to "change the System" it for sure is often pitched like the System can never change. That missing (enforcement of) regulation makes it economically beneficial to just vent methane without even flaring, is not something to celebrate. It's nice that the incentives lined up decently, this time. We should work on fixing the incentives so the methane can stay in the ground where it belongs. Don't dig that well. Say, you have access to cheap hydro power somewhere. The powerlines are not yet completed to export the electricity to where it could be more useful. Along comes a Bitcoin factory and sets up shop. Suddenly, the incentives are not in favour of ever completing that powerline, for benefits amortized over decades, when you can sell that sweet, sweet Bitcoin today. Of course, the owners of the Bitcoin factory would never try to exert their influence and try to keep their cheap source of hydro power, or keep the methane flowing. /s I will make sure to bring popcorn for the future culture wars between ETH and BTC, now that their incentives are so divorced. I thought we were talking about games in this subthread. The artwork was not an accident. I don't think I get your point. To me, any renewable power going into bitcoin mining, is contributing nothing except "securing the blockchain". I don't even have a stake in this game, except living on the same planet as everyone else. And it's getting warmer. Any power spent on bitcoin is power not spent solving more practical problems elsewhere. You can probably go to arbitration, which you agreed to. This is what companies often require in their terms of service. It's going to be costly for one of the parties. MSX Basic had "RENUM" or some such, which would renumber all the lines to for instance 100, 110, 120 etc. It also automatically updated all GOTO and GOSUB. So if you ran that all the time, it was almost like line numbers in a text file, but with an extra manual "RENUM" chore thrown in. If the transformer is heavy, make sure to replace it soon, it can fry the C64. I think many of us believed that for sure we are going to be the cool ones but we actually turned out more like Office Space people. Not everyone is Crash Override. Ah, so CVS is like GIF , git is like MPEG without keyframes, and Mercurial is like MPEG with keyframes. Peace talks earlier would maybe have saved lives, but what kind of life is it living under Russian rule? Russia is deteriorating and is apparently trying to solve it with conquest. Giving in would be like telling the police to don't disturb the mob when doing extortion, someone might get killed. To be fair, many other HN comment sections on this topic have discussed exactly these questions, including the history of the current energy mix. Maybe it would be good practice to try. :) Just as an experiment. To be clear, during a hot war it can make logical sense to rally around "the cause". Sometimes the only appropriate answer to tribal, violent attack, is violence in return. A sequel/followup to Hackers today could be awesome. The characters all got the override beaten out of them by life. Rallied back together for one last mission. No, I don't think so. That would only put the spotlight on how mediocre to miserable life is in Russia. Not great politically. Look at Erdogan now, vying for international cred when the economy is tanking at home. He has an election coming up where he might not be rock solid as usual. I see similarities. So the U.S. is on track to create a half-free university system, very convoluted and with extra steps and gate-keepers, tax funded? (It can of course never be completely free like some other rich western countries, because communism would ensue.) Superficially it sounds like the U.S. health system. Please, enlightened people, write something insightful, I'm here for the comments and would like to get a vibe for if the article is a hit piece or has good points. :) One year before Russia invaded Ukraine. I think the Borg used that. That was one very interesting thread, very compelling. As long as he stays there, I will assume he might be under duress. Pardon him, then let's see. ccache is one approach. It's orthogonal in a way, but basically solving the same problem from a different angle. There isn't much inherent in the language design which dictates it must be very slow, though. It's mostly a result of the canonical implementation. On some deep level it is a fertility ritual. Today, I mean. In Europe you mostly can’t homeschool. This permeates all online discourse and a good chunk of face-to-face ones, too. Try this sometime - choose a position (in politics or whatever). Use the terminology and dog whistles of the "other camp", but argue the opposite policy. Now someone port it Wine, combine it with the fact that Win32 is the only stable ABI on Linux [0] and we're all set! 0: https://blog.hiler.eu/win32-the-only-stable-abi/ If it continues to work on new versions of Windows as they are released, it would be liberating to keep the same desktop interface even after an upgrade of Windows, instead of being subjected to whatever whim of the day they cook up (half-made) in Redmond. I think you are mixing things here, this [0] is probably more insightful. 0: https://news.ycombinator.com/reply?id=33004828&goto=item%3Fi... He also has a SAAB. An indirect vouch as good as Virgin Galactic in my book. Putin is acting rationally as someone staying in power at all costs to his country. Russia has already been caught lying about serious things without fazing their believers one bit. 3. Putin wants to remove some incentives for a palace coup - the new ruler will not have Nordstream anymore to give to Europe. I think the highest value of the UN is in the security council. It's a forum for the nuclear powers to talk to each other. Everything else is secondary. If it's enough to avoid WW3, I don't know, but it's all we have. These powers can't (yet, maybe) fight WW3. If they become a credible force in the future, I fully expect them to be accepted in the security council. North Korea isn't even worth mentioning, their weapons are a joke except as leverage enough to get free UN food from time to time. In the current situation, how do you even arrange a free election even if you wanted to? Okay, let’s put it this way. The security council is a way to lessen the risk that the most powerful countries destroy the world. I think this is the most important piece of the UN. This is my opinion. 1. No wonder. The UN is the epitome of “politicised”. It is it’s main function. 2. No wonder the UK blocked an inquiry into how the Ukrainians blatantly massacred themselves to provoke Russia. "Bus" mice were popular too. [0] Cheaper to produce than RS2323 mice I think, but required the special interface card or motherboard support. The bus mice were semi-popular with Amiga owners because they were easily converted to Amigas. RS232 mice could be used with Amigas too, but only worked in Workbench programs which used the operating system drivers. Most Amiga games etc used the mouse hardware registers and the RS232 mouse would be ignored then. 0: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bus_mouse I want to say I have seen 16MHz ISA bus somewhere but that in reality you could not use any ISA cards except some VGA cards at that speed. Yes. 60 Hz is the NTSC update rate and was very common. Yes. Especially if you were putting an image back to a harddrive of the exact same size and specification, it was very doable. You could keep an untouched hard drive with a known install and copy it block for block. There will be an equilibrium point - but that equilibrium will be between how many mining computers there can be run on the one side, and how much of the economy is parked in Bitcoin on the other side. How efficient the computers are is completely beside the point, by protocol design. So it would be much the same as the fiat world for the average person. Just new masters. Y then? I once recovered most of my pictures with https://sleuthkit.org/ I feel this has not shaken out properly yet. Obviously (to me) there is another yet-to-be-invented drone counter battery which is not yet invented. Probably smaller drones dive bombing onto the Iranian drones. In my book it's revolutionary when things start .. revolving. So to you it's not revolutionary because this is old news, and to me it's too early to be revolutionary. I'd say, this rocket tech can potentially spell a revolution. I think the tourists instinctively feel that this place is not a place of honor. "The City of London is the only part of Britain over which parliament has no authority." https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2011/oct/31/corpor... https://www.economist.com/britain/2001/08/02/the-mayors-new-... https://www.ft.com/content/41dba03e-5d29-11e5-9846-de406ccb3... I was almost there and I think it could have been the very idea of spying on people anywhere was kind of scandalous. It's not what anyone would expect in public. (There was CCTV of course but the expectation was that it would be on a dusty VHS tape on a shelf somewhere.) Well, it says typically . ”The average American doesn’t care about college or universities at all. They resent education, and they consider professors a bunch of freeloaders who get summers off ” "Exploit" has so many connotations. Think of it more like a technical description than a moral one and it fits better here IMHO. Synthesis: it can be both. Less interest in stoic because of political reasons, less chance over the centuries someone cares about keeping the stoic logic text around. So Jacquard was a PHP programmer or hacker just doing what had to be done to make the thing work, and Lovelace was a computer scientist. :) Mostly yes but it also depends. What happens is exactly that, there will be a clipping in the color band(s) you are correcting for. This can easily be verified with a simple thought experiment: imagine an area is almost completely red. This area will have to be complemented with full blast of green and blue to even achieve white, or partial blast of green and blue to achieve gray. It can not achieve any color without a red component, hence reducing the area of the color triangle for that part of the screen. Plastic bags to reduce slosh? That's the problem - it's not clear to me that it could have worked as intended. But you can easily get that impression in high level meetings I imagine. latency up, but, yes. For most people. I carry an SLR almost everywhere. Hundreds of miles? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_HVDC_Link I wonder how much of this historic data could be crowdsourced from recordings of radio shows, VHS taped newscasts etc. Audio dendrology, if you will. That struck me too, but also interesting that the myth of heavy objects falling faster was understood to be false back then too, and that they might have had a grasp of gravity before Newton. I recall SGI were eaten more by Windows NT + off the shelf OpenGL graphics card than Linux. (But Linux also, of course. All non display output which was ran on SGI/Irix could be ran cheaper on Linux.) AROS also runs on Amiga 680x0 clones such as the Vampire. I think it was because it was a live transmission. If you like Meta but don't want to admit it, downvote this comment! True. Why point that out? I get paranoid. :) Was he scripted this time? The avatar video was to hide reading from the prompt? Maybe not but the hydrogen process is probably a game changer regardless, because there is less research and productisation needed. It is similar to existing processes. It’s also perfectly positioned to take advantage of wind power. The gas storage tanks can make up for variations in electricity production. It’s all set to be deployed at a large scale already. Watt for watt it might not (I have no idea) be as efficient as electrolysis, but as a total solution I see how it could be deployed at scale. Combined with the advances in electric mining equipment like what Volvo is offering, the industry is all set to go fully carbon neutral and electric. (No tech hurdles left.) Slashvertisements, I forgot about those. I think they are considered virtuous now, especially on this forum. And in the center there is the gun section. feacesbook Heck, one could connect a Commodore 64 to the Tiki and get synced frames. I bought one from a classified in a computer magazine. The guy who sold it had written it himself, in hand assembled machine code. I knew there existed other assemblers, but I couldn't find any to pirate or buy. I didn't have a disk drive, only the standard cassette deck, so before selling it to me he had to slightly rewrite the assembler to support loading and saving programs to cassette. In the end, the syntax was not exactly like in the Rodney books. Some examples worked, some not, so I resorted quite a bit to hand assembling myself. I think that would be "Captain Blood" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5ryVEM6Ses It might have been implied. A sandwich or whatever. It's also great. Hard to explain. I would be careful telling childless people how great it also is. (If childless is by choice, I don't want to obnoxious. If it isn't by choice, I don't want to make them sad for something they might never have.) It changes your life in a weird way. Stuff can be hard and still worthwhile. Global energy supply chain brittleness has come in the foreground recently due to war. I can imagine interest in seasonal storage. You remember that demo where someone made an EXE from C# and made it run on Windows 3.1? I wish there was some streamlined way (config of VS Code?) of doing that, not as extreme, but building regular Win32 apps without the .NET runtime, but with the C# language. Like how you can still use modern C++ but target just Win32. That would be I think, an awesome compromise of power. C# is a really great language all on its own, without the .NET standard library. It's perfectly rational to believe that stance increases the chance of nuclear weapons being used in Ukraine. If there ever was a case for strategic ambiguity, this must fit IMHO. Yeah, bad for business. I wonder though if that stance is helpful to the general population. They are used to power. That can come in two forms at least, standing up to dictators or hoping to make shady deals with them. (Or hoping to containing the dictators somehow.) The short explanation is that, Hiroshima and Nagasaki were tiny blips of bombs. The super fires in a full out war will be something else completely. Yes, which is why current designs use MIRV and blanket an area with several warheads, increasing the chance a fire storm. https://www.hanselman.com/blog/net-everywhere-apparently-als... Someone might have thought so, but I think your theory needs some serious qualification - a lot of people were credibly surprised that it went so badly for Russia. The version I heard was that the US had extremely good (open source and not) intel on what the higher Russian military echelons thought about their chances - and they thought it would go well! So the mistake the US might have made is to buy the self-confidence of the higher brass instead of looking at the reality at the ground. (Bad training, no combined arms, bad equipment, low morale etc.) True. In the Ukraine we also see what it leads to when the US draws such a red line, then does nothing when it happens. (Chemical weapons in Syria.) So if you make ultimatums, be sure you can back them. The old cars I ride in don't get the bug salad or yore either. Also, the "bugs evolve away" would need evolutionary pressure being involved. But the explanation I got was the available biomass for bugs is such that any chunk of bugs killed on the road was easily filled by other bugs eating their lunch and procreating. Yes but the pressure is weaker than one might intuitively guess. There are billions of bugs. Even near roads, very few of them are going to be hit by cars, comparatively. Near roads there often are ditches with some water or moisture, making an environment otherwise beneficial for bugs. Also, decreased road side windshield bug smashing coincides with measured loss of insect biomass: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decline_in_insect_populations Disputing that feels more and more like disputing global warming being a thing. Sort of. CO2 wise it's worse burning. But free floating plastic creates problems from toxic addivites causing hormonal problems, and from the microplastics (which all plastic degrades to in the ocean eventually) clogging the stomachs of krill etc. Burning the plastic in a properly fitted plant largely "cleans" the toxic additives by burning them too. Plastic in nature will eventually turn into CO2, just slower and with a lot of bad side-effects. "Recycling" the plastic has been shown to instead be sold to whatever-place-du-jour which ignores laws. Often it's burned in open pits, creating both immediate CO2 release, as well as new toxins created in the imperfect burning, and leaching of the old toxins, as well as large chunks of unburnt plastic floating in the wind. And burning plastic is a waste, but a lesser waste, because it's turned into some electricity. Upholding recycling structures for plastic also creates a false sense of "this is fine". Instead, it should be treated as low-level-dangerous refuse which should be burnt and only used for applications where this trade-off is acceptable. Outlawing and adding costs to production amounts to the same thing for many plastic products. If plastic producers were forced to pay the externalities, many cheap plastic things would disappear. Those politicians would vow to remove "the predatory plastic taxes". So much innovation in a tiny libc. Israel has defended against slow starting, small tin-rockets from known locations. It has not defended against extremely fast ICBMs, which can detonate and create immense destruction even from a considerable height. The EU has a minimum level of labour laws not present in the US federation. I think it's not much of a problem, but even so it can probably be mitigated. There are types of glass (tempered safety glass) which break into tiny little cubes instead of shards. Those are two distinct approaches used in engineering. Had the same with an LG TV. Workaround by running with http (not https) on local network. Could easily be a SAAS I usually carry a film SLR and the best camera is the one you have with you, true. But the shots missed with my phone before I get it out of the pocket and get the camera app out, are many. I'm faster with a manual focus SLR than the phone. The "right" one looks like a 3D lattice to me, the left one looks like a bunch of tape on a piece of cloth. That would not even kill all humans. It would possibly destroy all of civilization though. But even then, the coming generations would have artefacts to study and be inspired by. I think the meaning was more, that our galaxy can't produce such events, so that's one thing we don't have to worry about in our galaxy. Edit: a (to me) random site [0] says the Milky Way does not have an active galactic nucleus. 0: https://socratic.org/questions/does-the-milky-way-have-an-ac... Another question is, how selfish are your genes? Half- kidding. :) I suppose people in North America have very slim chances either way, though. When it hit the stores, the reaction of most I know of was something like "I have a Wii already". So I think the naming was incredibly hampering. Especially considering a lot of Wii buyers were not exactly deep gamers, but very casual customers. Screens were slightly less ubiquitous then. You could continue playing on the controller when dad switched the living room TV to some sports. Largely agree I think, except soft power. I think soft power is exactly what is happening in Iran. People in Iran has been living a "private" life for a long time with access to information, a "public" life which goes on as usual. Something has to give. I think there will be simpler offers once cheaper models are also EVs. https://www.renaultgroup.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/daci... I'm sure that's right, but on the other hand space itself is getting "denser" nearer to the singularity. I don't know what to make of that. More anecdata suggesting FB only does things they are forced to do. AROS m68k, which is open source, has a drop-in replacement for original Kickstart ROM files. AROS is 3.x compatible. I wonder how it compares to https://www.greyhole.net/ which is what I use. It can also just have a bunch of drives added to it. I imagine it varies. First of all, many games are only 1.x compatible, not 3.1 compatible. So for those, you'd need original ROMs anyway, and not just any, but specifically 1.3 likely. Then, there is the question of WHDLoad. WHDLoad contains patches for most Amiga gams and makes them being able to be loaded from a file on a harddrive instead of being booted from. I believe it also makes games work on Amiga 1200 which otherwise would have only worked on Amiga 500 and so on and it makes game work on 3.x which only worked on 1.3 before. AROS and WHDLoad has been known to work together. http://www.aros-platform.de/download.html Of course, the original ROMs are going to be more compatible, but I think it's wonderful that there is an open source reimplementation of both hardware and software of such an iconic and wonderful platforms such as the Amiga . WHDLoad used to be commercial software, but now it seems to be a free download: http://whdload.de/ It's gotta be something more to than that, even 50-50% sugar would be a great product in its own right. True, you'd need tablespoons of it. :-/ Amazing pictures. Looks like an alien planet. Several of them had me do a double take on the scale . I have seldom seen a more useful "human for scale". I judged off the scale 10 to 100 times before I saw the humans in the picture. There seem's to be something fractal about the appearance of rock and snow, or maybe I'm just not familiar enough with the subject matter. Isn't that where you talk about codecs and such? No it won't but I imagine it helps if someone is willing to accept that documentation into its collections. This is very fun and yet to the point. :) An option not available to black historians in the 19th century. Interesting, I would like to know specific examples. Genuinely curious. My money is on Putin doing it, to dissuade any would be throne-pretenders in case of a coup. Any new government has fewer funding options, which would be good to negotiate with Europe, and to pay cooperating oligarchs. It would be cutting the nose to spite the face, except Putin is cutting Russia's nose, not his own. What matters is staying in power, not the good of the nation. Implied. There are many ways to “retire” in Russia. To rebuild to its previous apparent capability or to its actual capabilities? If Russia is given the means, it may take only a few years to rebuild to its actual capabilities of 2021. Which is bad enough to cause trouble. Not sure either, not in the mood to sift a video for clues. :) What am I expected to find there? Antifa-style attacks on a finding they don't like? They had some developers going with Phone 7, half intrigued by the slickness of the 7 OS on the Nokia. (I think it was Nokia?) It didn't help that MS did weird things to Nokia, MSs reputation wasn't very good back then for other reasons too. The Ballmer memos were still recent. Phone 7 was really nice though, way faster than iOS as I recall it and with some cool tiles on the home screen. Then they changed so apps made for 7 didn't work with 8. That was it, the little developer base they had just packed up and left. I don't think headphones would be as useful, or at least, it would tie you to that device. Even the crinkles in our ear lobes affect how we appreciate and model the room in our brains. So instead you would depend on the microphone characteristics, if you changed it, you would have to re-learn until you are used to it. If we are tying ourselves to a device, we might just as well increase the smarts of the device itself. It could have cameras, lidar and eco-location. It could output coded sounds in earphones representing small and large objects, speeds, etc. Eventually the brain would synthesize. I wonder how much of that is an effect of the English being conquerors themselves. (Normands and Saxons.) All of these listed are indo-european peoples/languages (except Phoenician), so similarities are to be expected. Europe we can credit from the Greeks, also indo-european. Can't even buy Twitter. +100 I felt physically ill when I read: It’s intended to be used when you know you have an execution path in your code that cannot be reached but the compiler cannot figure that out. It felt like saying to the compiler, "please, find a way to make my program break even more easily". Exactly not what I need. Yes, but what was unreachable may get reachable as I do changes to the program. I see the utility when doing highly optimized library code. But for my purposes I much prefer to stick something which flags me (exception or logging or whatever) of "this should never happen" instead of crashing. (Undefined.) Can't help but feel offended that my codebase isn't real. Thanks for the laugh though :-D I'd rather have solid logging and/or abort handling than some extra yak hairs shaved off the speed on my release builds. I'm weird that way. The C64 can be built from (almost) all new components now. Yes, but if you want to repair a C64 with a broken SID or build a C64 from scratch, it's a decent replacement part even though it's on-chip emulation and not exactly the same sound as a real SID chip. (Besides, even real SID chips are different from each other.) I think you have to take into the account that a competent government turning on you (US) would give you a hard time, crypto or no crypto. It’s different if you are under Venezuelan rule, it’s government is small, authoritarian and incompetent. That’s how it could be done in theory but it’s never because you would kill people. Instead one wire is neutral, one is phase, and the third, optional, is ground. But the Homeland was protected, can never be too careful these days. And if you wonder if a doctor would perform a procedure for no medical reason, and the procedure could harm the patient, well there you go. Where do you get this kind of optimism? I would think time + rejected entry into the country would teach travellers to more vigilantly defer to the TSA. And a gratitious 8 of them! I saw an assembler tutorial for coding against COM and it actually looked easier than in C. (There was no faffing about with types...) I wish I could find that blog or whatever it was again. An Easter Egg in Microsoft Flight Simulator? What is it, press a special key combination and a Spreadsheet Software pops up?! I don't understand - the debugger in Turbo C was such a delight and inspecting structs, linked lists etc was so easy and somehow fit nicely on these old screens. In VS today everything feels so cumbersome and convoluted I almost never bother witht the debugger, and instead just look at stack traces instead. Well, some Russian car factory stopped because they couldn't get screws. Also, they couldn't make their own screws, because the screw-making machine had wear parts which they couldn't get. Of course they won't stop using these common components altogether, but the idea is to increase the cost of waging war. "Critical thinking is good; shallow cynicism, on the other hand, adds nothing of value to the community. It is unpleasant to read and detracts from actual work. If you have something important but negative to say, that’s fine, but say it in a respectful way." My brain did a segfault numerous times. Sounds exactly like that. With a permanent record, can't apply for many jobs, can never live near a school or daycare center, etc etc. Maybe can't even vote. One launch. Then packed it up and left. Haha great! From now on I will work “what is your stabbing footprint?” into the conversation as often as possible. Jennifer Government has a hilarious example of what can happen if someone were to try to “fix” this problem. … and then the police gave the detained person a warm bathrobe and a pair of slippers. In a simple Lisp machine, such as something resembling PicoLisp, I can't see why not - iff instead of car and cdr being just linear addresses in a memory, have them itself be hashes. Since everything is made up from car and cdr, it's easy going from there. There is no difference between running locally, or anywhere. Just look up the data by request or gossip, as you said. (For performance reasons, one might want to let a cons which represents "source" smaller than the size of a hash, be a literal representation instead of hashed. No need to do a lookup from a hash when you can have the code/data in the cons itself. Analoguous, don't zip a file when the resulting zip would be larger.) Or a beautiful, conceptually simple version of Unison. In any case, not more convoluted than for instance Javascript V8 already is to get the performance it has. Very much accelerating, for instance by geographical spread. Also a plant might have a hard time "getting started" in a certain place, and not always end up in optimal conditions. The Soviets put plants in arrangements not found in nature. I'm not saying there exists a Lisp with a turn-key distributed cloud runtime. Like the sibling answer, I'm saying, it's not super complicated. Instead of loading an .so file the regular way, load it via hash. The car/cdr nature of Lisp makes it almost uniquely suited to distributed runtime IMHO. As for your last sentence, this touches on compilation. Solve this, and you solve also dependency detection and compilation. I feel there are so many things which could/should converge at some point in the future. IDE / version control, distributed compute, storage. An AST (or source) program could have a hash, which is corresponding in a cache to a compiled or JIT-ed version of that compilation unit, and various eval results of that unit etc etc. So many things collapse into one once your started to treat everything as key/value. I'll never encourage it, but I have to admit I see DMT and such different from stimulants and weed. From what I've heard is that stimulants and weed are often associated with prolonged use, while DMT (and friends, I don't know much about this) often are used once or a handful of times and give lasting benefits. Yes, that is a good point. For instance, if you saw a Twitter FOX news verified account, you could safely assume it's not satire and block that account. (If you want to protect your bubble.) TinyXP ran very well on this class of computers, especially for as long as Firefox supported XP, it was a really useful platform. Sort of like a chromebook before chromebook. I later did a lot of C, PHP and Python programming in Linux + Emacs on such a computer, so not completely useless. Yeah but sometimes you don’t know they are serial killers until they go out and do it the second time. Hardly unusual, half the kids I see could fit that description. Yet, here we are. Life finds a way. Yeah but you know, it’s pretty horrible. If I know the lyrics super well and it's something kind of sad, it works for me. You know what? I think I might. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amiga_productivity_software https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oberon_(programming_language) If you want to get really weird, look into City of London and some of the Channel Islands. UK very much retains living heritage of the medieval. Half the argument is not what you would do with it. The hook is that literally everything you could do back then would be instant . I would very much like that. Given that Oberon existed, any green-field development I would have to do in that environment, would be completely feasible and comparable to any advanced environment today. The only thing I would maybe miss is a modern IDE, but on the other hand I was a late-comer to that and used (and still use) Emacs for a long time. Amiga had "AREXX ports" which meant you could script desktop software together in ways not possible even today, on any OS. It's not enough that there must exist technically, a possibility. The app vendors much themselves go to the trouble of adding such "scriptability" into their apps. Instead everything is very slick, but very siloed and nowadays tied to a cloud offering, which is great, but it's more often than not locked to that vendor. Is it just me who can't muster any enthusiasm over it because the rocket is so wasteful? Not very Tintin to trash the entire booster and everything for every launch. Guess which suppliers lobby to keep those hoops. How much economic benefit / efficiency did aluminium bring vs had it not existed? Impossible to tell, but a ton more than what aluminium industry pulls in. They are old because the design was locked long before launch. If they found new cameras with better heat dissipation, they would still go with old ones, otherwise they would have to recertify the new ones, which would take ages. It used to be Kubrick I think it has 586 instructions, but speed is like a 486. I guess the Fallout is scheduled for no later than 2050. :) Oak forrests were very controlled in many European countries, for national security reasons. (Needed to make war ships.) The FSB didn't know about the invasion, because the top brass didn't tell them. There are several studies which have shown that cash transplants have a lasting beneficial effect on poverty. I wonder though - this growth has been largely taken out of ignoring an externality: the environment. We are living a global extinction event which will show up in the fossil record. If you have perfect description of dedepencies, and you develop alone, ccache is not useful. But how many times have I seen perfect description of deps? gcc -o hello hello.c Such deals are always made with the seller in mind. You don't only get a plane, but warm, on-going and close relations with the origin country. That defence may (for once) best be waged abroad, in the Ukraine. Every Russian military asset defeated there is one threat removed. You could still defend returning fighters / bombers. The missiles on the MIG21 could still be decent if allowed to carry them. Ukraine alreday used western anti-radation missiles successfully on their MIGs. I agree it's a hard sell. I have to say though, the cost of re-acquiring the planes is not a simple thing to evaluate, at least if you think strategically what is best for the country. The cash cost is irrelevant compared to the cost to society if we actually had to use them. I guess what I'm trying to say is, using them now has a known, huge cost. Not using them, can have a much higher cost later on. But if we are disregarding what is feasible, and just playing RISK, Sweden should just send its own figher pilots and planes to the Ukraine, right now. It wouldn't be a NATO attack, and what is Russia going to do? Bleed on us? It's either that or nukes, but they always threaten with nukes for everything. I see no signs the Kremlin wants to be martyred themselves, just send others that way. I just had the (to others obvious I'm sure) ultimate idea endgame - we will all have a mini 3D printer in our pockets, with a library of handy things. I'm starting to think I have dreamt this but... wasn't there an IBM Ethernet cable with instead of the little tab ending in ... nothing, it was a little bridge that went back down, so nothing to hook/snag on. But it didn't look quite like the 3D printed one here, but it was symmetrical looking, like a tiny tiny arch bridge. Oh, and it was made of springy metal, in this maybe dream. I suppose the answers could be fed back into the model, to better learn what prompts actual people expect corresponds to a generated image. doodle:ai - Game #24 - 3/5 That sounds like a very low number I would have never have guessed. Is Mastodon so heavy? Stealth is overrated in this theater: https://www.businessinsider.com/sweden-built-a-russian-fight... Looked cool and I enjoyed it, but was super fiddly to work with. It only looked great UX wise later because of the stark contrast with the thoroughly c*cked up UX of things such as Windows Media Player and iTunes on Windows. Let's find out. How many times I haven't called the wrong number on iPhone. It somehow rearranges last called list exactly as my finger travels down to touch the screen. There are remnants left. My iPhone refuses Facetime unless on WiFi. Dreamcast was so overpowered, you could boot a PS1 emulator on a disc, boot the emulator up, and plop in a PS1 game. Play the game, with higher resolution graphics ! Wait is 3% of Germany covered with photovoltaics?! I wonder much resin is needed to keep such plywood together. Covering all the bases and emittors. Yes, but "Werner-von-Volkswagen-Strasse". On the other hand, who knows. Stupider things have worked, many times before. His last tweet was "I read, there are machines that take an input text to generate images from it. That’s meant to be surprising. Haven’t programs always been texts? You mean, natural language texts are different? So what? Isn’t there Natural Language Programming?" That's where your input comes in. I sort of agree, but he's been predicting our lives half a century in advance, so to him it's maybe not a big deal. Except in the 50s everything was going to be better. (Except for possible nuclear holocaust.) Denmark did it with captured German soldiers, so also after WW2. But Javascript the language is intrinsically linked to Javascript the runtime. Not sure what you are going for here. I'm not at all the surprised that tuned Javascript can be as performant as pre-compiled Javascript. To explain further, I'm also not surprised that hand tuned assembler can get the same performance as compiled C. I have also a bit of a grug [0] brain, but this old brain has become accustomed to the idea that JIT and other optimisation passes can cram out such an insane amount of inference that it will find the fastest code possible. Effectively finding the hand-tuned equivalent. I first got this hunch looking at the JVM. Couldn't hand code JVM instructions which run faster than Java code. But both the hand coded "JVM assembly" and the generated assembly benefited from JIT passes. What remains then, is compiling to native. This is where C shines and Javascript doesn't. Because of it's data model, Javascript just can't take advantage of what you could do in plain C. 0: This rambling "explanation" is exhibit A Someone forgot to turn off the lights, probably. Or maybe, maybe, they actually need some hands to migrate stuff onto some other solution. While a good bashing, it's not really relevant, is it? It's about collaboration, not absolute size of the data. This comment sounds right: https://news.ycombinator.com/reply?id=33802411&goto=threads%... But not what they could be? Prompting ready programs could easily be a thing. You can gently turn the cartridge over and, back and forth. This will shake toner loose, and you can turn a "gray" cartridge black again. But you may also get a little toner on you or the floor, so beware. You change the environment where people to some extent live their lives. Stripmalls never hurt anyone either by that token. That's incredibly reductive. Touching on that version control and Nix are the same thing. Would be cool if they merged in some system. Can't break the addiction if you get lots of upvotes... EOT Funny, I did the same with my cousin, except we snail-mailed hand written paper mails to each other. I think once. Also, he had a C64 and I had a Spectravideo. Like night and day. I had forgotten why the 128 felt so preposterous. And to defeat the Red Army you need lizards, to defeat the lizards you need Chinese needle snakes, to defeat those you need gorillas, and when winter comes around, those freeze to death! Like HN without moderation! Yes, yes, but extremists don't want to co-exist on a level playing field overseen by Uncle Sam, or any other Uncle. They want be the Uncle and wipe out serious dissent. To them, the tool is not the problem. The other side having the tool is the problem. Gasoline has 40 megajoules per kilo. How does one see that it's banned? Or you mean, why it's not more popular? Because I wonder that. But can you open carry? Kodak didn't think that, but they didn't anticipate the incredibly sharp drop in film sales. Kodak was the #1 seller of digital cameras in the US in 2005. Film sales only fell off a cliff in 2006. [0] The Kodak story as commonly told is something like "don't be stupid like Kodak". This is easily followed by the thought "I'm not that stupid, I'll be fine" . But the reality is much more nuanced and with a more important lesson. - We have a product making big money - In the (far?) future, this will probably change - How fast? - How much should we invest in capturing the next thing? - Given the next thing is fundamentally far removed from what we did (chemicals -> electronics) should we even go there or divest and invest in something else entirely? Kodak chose to go the digital camera way, but got eaten by electronic giant incumbents like Sony (with their sensors), Nikon and Canon. Yes, Canon and Nikon were already giants in electronics, since their cameras were electronic processor controlled since the 1980s. Kodak eventually lost money on every Kodak digital camera sold. But even if that gamble had worked , they might have gotten eaten by smartphones just a few years later! Business is just hard sometimes. 0: https://petapixel.com/assets/uploads/2018/10/fufifilm-film-d... Wouldn't that create an incentive to run your employees so hard they develop health issues? No skin off your back, just get a new employee when the first gets permanently broken. I'm cheeky, but I think that is one of the rationales for having sick leave at all. Glad you asked in earnest! I was thinking more about work environment, possibly bullying etc etc, anything harsh on the body and mind. Of course your system could be setup to a working level, but you'd need more of other controls or incentives to rectify the kinds of problems which can lead to work related health issues. There has to be outliers worth avoiding. On these small CPU, size of addressable RAM is even more important than word size. I think if you want to get a BASIC running on that 4-bit CPU in the article, the easiest is probably to create a 6502 or Z80 emulator, then run the emulator on the 4-bit CPU. After all, someone made an ARM (32 bit CPU) emulator for an 8 bit CPU and booted Linux on that. Bitcoin vs. Gold mining Bitcoin vs. Meth Cooking Bitcoin vs. Yellow Cake Snorting etc "Cryptocurrency is the only thing currently being developed that can realistically combine the benefits of digitalization with cash-like respect for personal privacy." "cash -like " does a lot of heavy lifting here. Only Monero and Grin have any real expectation of privacy. Chain analysis is pretty mature, and the records exist forever. It doesn't matter. Governments decide what you do on the roads. It doesn't matter much if the you inspect the open source bricks making up the road, if the government can stop you from driving there. Bitcoin is pretty much orthogonal to government control. Especially bitcoin with its completely open transaction history. Perhaps our negligence will save enough many to keep civilization going after most large cities are burnt husks. Why do you hope that?