Broken Age Dreamfall Chapters (Grab The Longest Journey and [first] Dreamfall on GOG.com) Almost all of Telltale Games' catalog MU* (MUD, MUCK, MUSH, MOO, ...) are text-based worlds that predate the modern MMORPG and many are still running and still interesting to explore. Windows Pro-Tip: KeePass supports Windows' "Secure Desktop" (the same place where Windows UAC prompts launch into) for the reprompt. This really should be the default now, but it's simple to enable and incredibly worth enabling given that malware has been discovered in the wild trying to keylog/grab master passwords for programs like LastPass, 1Password and KeePass. Cross-Platform Pro-Tip: KeePass 2.x runs great as is on the Mono VM with only the obvious Windows-only functionality unavailable. The short answer is pretty much: when you want to. There the obvious places where you have to use objects in boundary spaces between libraries/languages. For example in F# (another OCaml relative) you will use objects to interoperate with the larger .NET world. Beyond that, objects are a tool in your tool belt. There are cases where a particular problem makes the most sense in you own head in an object-oriented abstraction, and the idea of a multi-paradigm language is that that is okay and you shouldn't feel like you have to spend the mental effort to refactor it to some other pattern. This extends out to team development, too. An object-based approach might be easier to document and/or understand by the rest of your team. A team working on the back-end primarily in an OO language like C# might have the easiest time understanding a JS front-end the best if the JS followed more of an object-oriented approach than a functional approach. (JS is definitely multi-paradigm.) The Python philosophy is "Code is more often read than written" and that tends to be a useful gut check for choosing paradigms/abstractions/tools. Will I (and/or my team) be able to read this tomorrow? Ten years from now? Me too. Persona is great and has a very nice login flow, and is the best as a user in terms of what is/is not shared with an IdP... Just need to get more websites to use it. (I've written about setting it up in an ASP.NET website and it is really easy to do and work with.) Did you try adjusting your transition time? You can switch from Fast to Slow which will gradually adjust over 60 minutes. See if that works better for you. There's plenty of discussion on this very topic in GitHub issues and PRs. The current "typeof" is inherited from JS and TS compiler doesn't actually do much to change that code. It would be great to see a nice pattern matching syntax, but people will have to figure out what the JS that pattern matching code would look like. EcmaScript 4 had a type system. Although ES4 never quite made it to browsers, there certainly was enough interest to standardize a type system in ES4. Microsoft is a part of "they" at ECMA determining the ES standard and it is certainly within the realm of possibility that if TypeScript proves people want it, a TypeScript-like type system could indeed become standard in some future EcmaScript edition. In some ways, TypeScript is Microsoft's playground for things that they would like to see eventually become standard. Supposedly one of the reasons ATScript isn't just a small fork of TypeScript and instead is an oddly reimplemented TypeScript built on top of Traceur is so that ATScript can still compile to Dart, so apparently at least a few people on Angular 2.0 still like Dart... Masterfully applied analogy. Thank you. First of all we have scientific studies of an actual experiment: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mincome Second, the great thing about mincome is that it makes the Labor "market" an actual market with actual liquidity. Sure, you will get people that finally have a choice to never work again. Finally companies would have to compete against each other and that option to not work to make people want to work. Businesses already pride themselves on their efficiency and productivity metrics about how much work they can squeeze out of as few people: this puts their money where there mouth is. Thirdly, a basic income means that jobs and activities without a steady paycheck become much easier to try and live as a lifestyle. Think of the music, art, writing, acting, and other fine arts we might see if musicians/artists/writers/actors didn't need a 9-to-5 to pay rent and eat. Even things like "stay-at-home parent" start to become easier and better for everyone involved. We're in an economy now where most households both parents need to work a full time job to raise a kid. Who is raising the kids? Finally, what's wrong with drinking and copulating? If people want to spend their time doing such things which don't impact you at all who are you to condemn them for that? DVD Playback was removed in Windows 8 because Microsoft said that almost exactly $15 in the cost of Windows 7 was the DVD patent/license fees. It became available as an upcharge to the "with Windows Media Center" editions of Windows. Solitaire was also removed in Windows 8 and the new game apps were created then. I too don't like that Arkadium (developers given the license from Microsoft) have been allowed to make them increasingly naggy Adware/Freemium, but sadly that is a lot more to do with the current state of the videogame industry than the current state of Windows. Solitaire was removed because they wanted universal apps and someone else (Arkadium) to foot the bill for development. Given that Solitaire was a hobby project thrown in for free, it's kind of amazing it was distributed in as many versions of Windows as it was (and that it survived for so long with very little needed in maintenance/bug fixes). Enterprises kept asking for it not to be included in Windows, and now it is not and an enterprise has easy ways to stop people from installing it now... Consumers "win" in that it's now a product from an actual game company with actual monetization goals in a culture that has allowed ad-ware and freemium to become atrociously obnoxious... (Just look at Windows 10 "kindly" even including a free install to consumers of modern evil Solitaire "Candy Crush Saga". Unsurprisingly, from that benchmark, Arkadium's Solitaire is actually less nagging and cheaper.) In my opinion, as such things typically go, it depends on the scope of your tuple usage: I think tuples are perfectly readable/maintainable when used within the context of a single class. It's that middle point between usage within a single method (anonymous types) and usage in the external API (model classes). I try not to leak Tuples between classes: it's easy enough in the API for your class to "unsplat" your tuple usage in any method calls other classes might need. Also, Tuples are likely to become even easier to read/maintain in C#7 or so, as F#-like syntax for Tuples is a strongly favored proposal: https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/issues/347 Regarding immutability, C# 6 makes it a lot easier to write immutable types even for quick prototyping with get only properties: public string Example { get; } You can set it in the constructor and only the constructor. On the other hand in C# it's still relatively hard/annoying to build Structural Equality into your classes (which anonymous types and tuples both handle for you) where the equality of two objects is based on the contents of their properties rather than the equivalence of their references. (Ease of Structural Equality is the number one reason for my typical reliance on Tuple as I tend to use tuples often as Dictionary /ILookup keys.) C# has also supported type aliases for a while: using MyTuple = Tuple ; But that's of limited utility (you have to include it in every code file, for instance) and I don't recall the exact circumstances but I recall it being brittle the last time I used it heavily (it was something like the compiler would fail to compile things that should be fine due to it forgetting a type alias half-way through a file), but that was also several compiler versions ago. Honestly, as something of a minimalist, I've been happiest with Github's issue tracker lately. GitLab's looks similar in screenshots, but I've not used GitLab. (Github also has an Enterprise version if you need on-premises install these days.) It has just enough features to get the work done but also not feature/configuration overload so that it's also not eating a lot of "management time from you". Github in particular you can tell that Github themselves dogfood their issues and PRs and want them to be great products for themselves. There are actually more than one "Kanban overlays" for Github issues I've seen. The first example to my mind is https://waffle.io/ I would presume if GitLab has similar APIs for their issues there may be a Kanban overlay for it as well. If you are already using GitLab then maybe you should just use GitLab's issue tracker? I think the convenience of using your source control host as your issue tracker is a big, useful deal. (#synergy) Issue tracking is one of those areas in computing where there's a compulsion to over-organize things and store a lot of peripheral information that may or may not be germane to the actual problem of issue tracking. It's fascinating how much applying the YAGNI [You Aren't Going to Need It] principle to Issue Tracking reveals. A lot of fields are either to duplicate stuff that should already be searchable (in the main body, for instance) in a good issue tracker [1]. A bunch of other fields are business process related and it's not surprising how many of those business processes themselves could use a good YAGNI refactor, and the few that remain after tree-shaking are often easy enough to store in a label, a "tag" in the title of an issue, or a status on a kanban board. [1] I honestly think that a lot of blame goes back to the very slow search of early issues trackers (including and especially, but not alone, Bugzilla) and needing to lump things into specialized fields to get any sort of search improvements. One of the things that I felt Windows Phone 7 and 8/8.1 in their design language did well was encouraging designs that were better than the hamburger (pivots and sprawling "hubs" that encourage you to explore in two dimensions; app-bars with ellipses). It's interesting to see Hamburger menus bleeding back into the design language with Windows 10. It seems a strange, sad concession to meeting Android/iOS designs and even Desktop designs (with their million year old menu bars) "half-way". That said, one of the interesting twists that Windows 10 designs thus far tend to put on the Hamburger menu is that secretly in many cases the Hamburger icon is just a replacement for the Windows Phone 8's App Bar ellipsis: The items on the bar show just icons at tablet size or lower and the Hamburger simply reveals app labels and maybe (rarely) lesser used text-only options. (At larger than table sizes sometimes the bar defaults expanded rather than condensed.) This roughly corresponds with the Facebook suggestions in the article here. The interesting differences to a WP8 app bar are that the W10 hamburger "app bars" have mostly gone vertical and the hamburger is a toggle rather than the WP8 app bar ellipsis was a "slide". It will be interesting to see how this design language continues to accrete/evolve as Windows 10 Mobile gets closer to launch. I like the idea of maybe switching Persona from callbacks to promises, but other than that I'm not sure this proposal is that much more practical than Persona... The obvious issue I see is that there's no easy way to polyfill this with existing browser APIs, to my knowledge: Edge doesn't expose the signed in Microsoft Account to my knowledge, for one example and IE typically doesn't have a "globally acknowledged" Microsoft Account... You could bootstrap off the OAuth/OpenID Connect endpoints of the providers, but you end up with the same Persona issues of bootstrapping from email providers. At least it should be fewer providers (one per sniffed browser, presumably) but it's also potentially a larger headache because there are plenty of browsers without accounts, too. What about Opera? Lynx? What about Some New Awesome Browser? Do you use a fallback provider like Persona's login.persona.org? Doesn't that just reintroduce some of the same "workflow pain" we're trying to correct? Also, Persona works well without being an explicitly W3C-endorsed standard (and would work better if it was, but not required for bootstrapping), where this proposal really would be best if you got it to be a W3C standard ASAP, because you are even more relying on it required as browser chrome (whereas, again, Persona is designed well as a polyfill). I also don't think you can get away from the statefulness of Persona's navigator.id entirely, because you still presumably want the abilities to allow a user to: resume an existing session, log out, and/or switch accounts/identities. At the moment, I'm still thinking the best solution is still more and better advocacy for Persona (and more email provider bridges, maybe), but I'm going to sleep on this. Also, you can't entirely ignore (as an RP [relying party]) which account system your user came from, because a user quite possibly wants to use the same user account from multiple browsers and they'd all might use different account systems so you potentially wind up with the same "link an account" problem of the various OAuth/OpenID Connect worlds without the nicety of a global identifier that you can easily transport between browsers such as Persona's use of any identifying email address. Maybe your web browser on desktop is Chrome and on mobile is Safari? I'm right there with you. My hopes are that enough developers and designers are paying attention to why and what the hamburger menus are doing in Outlook and Xbox and some of the other Microsoft-built Windows 10 applications rather than just duplicating whatever they've been doing on iOS/Android. I've got a feeling that maybe Microsoft themselves hope that their smarter use of hamburgers might be contagious in the other direction (just as so much of Material UI copied some of the flatter styles of WP7/8) and iOS/Android developers might start using the Windows app bar-style of hamburgers. I'm worried, of course, that designers/developers won't be paying attention and will assume the consistency in iconography applies a consistency in functionality. That said, I also see Microsoft's point that the global consistency in iconography may be more important than consistent functionality in a world where users are using applications on multiple platforms (ie, so many people are using some admixture of Windows, Mac OS X, iOS, and Android these days). Actually :s/promises/observables, given the state changes over time. An interesting summary. One of the things I think is missing is the bridge that ES6 modules provide: within an ES6 module you can obviously presume access to the ES6 syntax. System.js provides a polyfill for ES6' System loader (and a configurator/value add on top of a browser ES6 System implementation) allowing you to bootstrap into your ES6 modules. It feature detects and uses Babel/Traceur/TypeScript (your choice) to load ES6 modules, if needed. (It also loads CommonJS and AMD and traditional "global" modules because there is a diverse ecosystem of module formats out there.) JSPM is a further value add on top of System.JS that is a package manager that automates configuring System.JS for a complex ecosystem of versioned package repositories (JSPM registry, NPM registry, and even GitHub repository tags), and grabs local development copies for everything (and supports an HTTP/2 CDN in beta-ish) and helps automate using the System.JS bundler if you want to bundle everything into a single minified file. This is a pretty good stack for working with ES6 today, and as browsers start to support ES6 natively it will transition right along. (System.JS will still be useful itself for its plugin/configuration work, including support AMD/CommonJS/global modules in ES6.) I've been heavily leaning towards Cycle.JS lately ( http://cycle.js.org ) for personal projects. I haven't pushed anything to a Production environment yet, but I really love Cycle a lot more than React. (Cycle is vaguely like React, and explores some similar goals, but Cycle is based on RX and encourages a stronger, immutable functional composition than React.) For production applications at the moment I'm still mostly using Knockout as it is reliable and runs almost everywhere. Related to (1) is the breadth of interesting things that Elon Musk has invested in. Often SpaceX news will mention Tesla and vice versa. It probably also has to do with the uniqueness of Tesla's product portfolio within the Car industry and the multiplier effect that can have in what is already a huge PR-driven industry. Car magazines seem to be just about the only "product fetish" magazine category left and they still need fresh content every month. Other magazines and newspapers (what's left of them) still tend have a (syndicated) "car guy" columnist or at least column space. status.modern.ie lists it as "Under Consideration" still for all browsers: http://dev.modern.ie/platform/status/moduleses6/?filter=f3e0... SystemJS is a polyfill (and extender post-polyfill) that is great with support for plugins, transpiling ES6, and format detection for CommonJS, AMD, and even "Global" modules: https://github.com/systemjs/systemjs Also recommended, is JSPM ( http://jspm.io ) which is a package manager that utilizes the features of SystemJS and configures SystemJS to load NPM packages (akin to Browserify/Webpack) and Github repositories (somewhat similar to Bower). I was a fan of its predecessor Durandal for providing a good set of conventions for a SPA built with Knockout. Once Knockout added components, however, I started switching back to raw Knockout and maybe a router library. Aurelia to me is interesting. I appreciate that it's still modular and well architected like Durandal. In that regard I trust Aurelia more than I would trust, say, Angular (1.0 or 2.0). I like that Aurelia is encouraging people towards JSPM (and SystemJS), which I've been recommending as well. That said, I don't think I would actually use Aurelia in a project. For applications that need a deep legacy support it's clearly still the best option to use Knockout and Knockout Components (and maybe Durandal, but maybe not). For applications targeting the "evergreen" browsers I've been leaning towards CycleJS, not just because the "Reactive" frameworks are the new hotness, but because even in my use of data-binding frameworks like Knockout I've been slowly leaning more towards the "Reactive ideal" anyway and now that CycleJS is 1.0 and stable that looks like a good place to start these days. Since Windows 8, Windows has used "virtual images" of the Operating System and has had the ability to rather than apply a bunch incremental updates instead just "build jump" to the higher build. You see this somewhat often in Windows Phone (given the way OEMs test and hold back phone updates, nearly every update seemed to be a "build jump") and up until recently not quite often in Windows. (8.1 and 8.1 Update 1, the "service packs" appeared to be "build jumps", but to my knowledge that's about it as far as 8 has used it in its servicing lifetime thus far.) With Windows 10 insiders have already seen a lot of "build jumps", particularly in the last few weeks leading up to the Windows 10 launch. I've got a feeling (and this is entirely supposition on my part) that one of the things we Insiders saw a Preview of and may not have realized it is that Windows 10 itself as a part of the "last version" thing will start to do a lot more "build jump" rollups of updates, even more often than the "service packs" of 8. This article is partly on this very subject: http://venturebeat.com/2015/08/13/how-microsoft-built-and-is... HN discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10058346 I've been accused of not writing enough comments in the code itself and then writing "novels" in the commit messages and "Literate Revision Control" is probably the best name for that sort of style. It's very easy for comments in the source to grow stale, but the commit messages mostly (our source control tools still aren't perfect with regards to moves/refactors) tell the story over time and mostly show only relevant commit information, with "stale" commit information falling away into history/legend/myth as its code gets rewritten and retouched. I've been liking how Visual Studio's CodeLens (now available in cheaper SKUs in 2015) brings focus to commit history specific to logical units in the code (methods and classes). Now I'm curious where you might be able to push things if you purpose built a "Literate Revision Control" tool and what sort of strong "epic poem" style of commit messages would best produce useful "novelizations" of a codebase... I studied Lojban ( http://lojban.org ) a bit out of curiosity many years back (in High School in a deep CONLANG phase), which is a fork of Loglan. I'll speak from the point of view of Lojban, as I know it better, but the fork doesn't fall far from the root so it should all mostly apply to Loglan as well. Essentially, Lojban and Esperanto come from different intentions: Esperanto wanted to be a common tongue that speakers of various natural languages could learn relatively easily and use for multicultural communications. Loglan and Lojban were started as experimentation around the "Strong" Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis that language influences mental structure. The goal of these languages was then to see if people used a language with more formal mathematical rigidity/"logic" to it might more easily "think" as better mathematicians. The jury is still out, of course, on whether any of these languages actually do what they set out to do. Essentially, the concept of Lojban/Loglan is kind of a "What if people actually spoke a natural language that was very similar to a programming language?" (Loglan actually predates most programming languages, and Lojban incorporated some things from programming languages over time.) From that respect, the grammar of Lojban is stringently less complex than most natural grammars (and Esperanto). There's an official PEG [Parsing Expression Grammar] specification of Lojban these days and Lojban has worked very hard to keep the language grammar Context-Free (in the Chomsky's Hierarchy/Computational Parsing sense). The language's grammar is much more like a programming language than a natural language. As for the consonant clusters, even the morphology of the words follows a fairly strict parsing pattern. For the most part when reading Lojban/Loglan you only need to pronounce three letters at a time. (This is part of the play in the name LOGical LANguage of the three letter syllable pattern in the language itself. Lojban uses the language's own symbols in its case.) Is there a benefit to Loglan or Lojban over Esperanto? Ultimately I think it's a matter of whether or not there is a benefit of Apples over Oranges: it's more a matter of your particular taste and what you want out of a conlang. They are all beautiful languages trying to do interesting things. I find Spolsky almost entirely "miss", but then I had something of a feud with him and that colors my reading of his articles... I think the clear thing that is missing here in this section you've quoted (and the article itself) is that if your components are properly factored, or at least reasonably factored, (whether 3rd party or internal), you can "value add" on top of the component without rewriting its source code (or even necessarily treating it as anything more than a black box). Don't throw the babies out with the bathwater, you know. The point he tries to make with "If it's a core business function -- do it yourself, no matter what," is undercut by his over-generalization in "If you're a software company, writing excellent code is how you're going to succeed.". If you are a software company and you've scoped "write all the software" as your job then you're likely to hit a brick wall when it comes to delivery. Your value as a software company isn't in how well you've rewritten the parts of code (like say a C compiler) that you can buy off the shelf, but in getting your final product out the door. From that perspective it truly doesn't matter how much or how little your product consists of your own code versus third party code so much as the product delivers the functionality you intend it have and adds value in meaningful areas. While the example above of puzzle-piecing a product out of a bunch of well known smaller components isn't glamorous , it gets the job done and hopefully pays the bills. Presumably if done right it gets the job done faster and more productively than your competitors that are reinventing everything themselves... Also, in the industrial world outside of software, optimizing the pieces of the puzzle is entire sets of sub-industries (such as Supply Chain Logistics) and again while that's certainly not exciting work, it can be profitable and the market is paying for those skills. Finally, I think it says a lot that the best example Joel could think to use was an out-of-date example from a version of Excel that no longer exists built by a team that also no longer exists. I don't doubt that there is code continuity from that era, but the days of Excel being a walled garden from the rest of Office, much less the rest of Microsoft, are past... I know there are critics of the push towards a "One Microsoft" culture and elimination of some of Microsoft's worsts NIH tendencies at the cultural level, but this consumer is a fan and watching what Microsoft is doing in Open Source these days is fascinating and wonderful. I absolutely think this example Spolsky cites is dumb. If Excel's 80s C compiler was so great they should have handed it off to the Developer Division to augment or better the C compiler they were selling as a product! In this case that actually was a core competency of the company and inter-team feudalism and NIH was decreasing the overall efficiency of the company and potentially keeping useful, profitable, and marketable enhancements from the profit center that could most benefit. Really just an all around terrible example. This seems interesting. Given Netflix's admitted love of RX [Reactive Extensions] I'm somewhat curious if there is a design reason that this uses Promises instead of (RxJS/Bacon/...) Observables. At first skim this seems like it could be even more useful as an Observable model. I'm also curious if there is a design reason they aren't using ES5 defineProperty/ES6 property syntax over get()/set(). This seems interesting. Given Netflix's admitted love of RX [Reactive Extensions] I'm somewhat curious if there is a design reason that this uses Promises instead of (RxJS/Bacon/...) Observables? At first skim this seems like it could be even more useful as an Observable model. I'm also curious if there is a design reason they aren't using ES5 defineProperty/ES6 property syntax over get()/set()? (Reposting my questions from: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10075433 ) «I ran a Loglan study group in college, and later studied Lojban, before abandoning conlangs (when I discovered that the strong version of the Sapir Whorf hypothesis is misguided at best -- although conlangs can be interesting for other reasons).» Not to get into too much of a tangent, but the Weak Sapir-Whorf is still an interesting view of things, where if it is easier to speak about something it is easier to work with it. I think Programming Languages bear this out over and over again (Programming Languages are very much a Sapir-Whorf playground). We have the Church-Turing Theorem and know that any Turing Complete language should be able to write just about any program one can reason about, but the fascinating thing is that different languages do seem suited to different domains and we keep trying to optimize programming languages to reason about particular problems, and all of that is fascinating. It's something we do in the miniscule in natural languages too, with jargon and domain-specific vocabulary and context. I think domain-specific conlangs is an under-explored space, and maybe modern Programming Languages have some interesting input to provide... The most important bottom line is: Maximize your employer's match. Whatever the maximum match you can get from your employer is, go for it. That is money that is a part of your salary plan that you don't get at all if you don't contribute your share of. Beyond that, a good 401k Provider is going to give you the option of HOW you invest that money you are "forced" to save. It's a stock account that you ultimately own and control. The only difference between that and say a Scottrade account you set up on your own without your Employer's involvement is the way taxes on your 401k work: Money that goes into the 401k is BEFORE your income taxes are calculated and if you manage to wait to your retirement age to withdraw from that account you NEVER pay income taxes on it. (This is why there are people that try to minimize their income taxes by maximizing their 401k contributions as much as they can afford...) That said, you can withdraw from your 401k at any time if an emergency were to happen and you need access to those funds. It's your money. You just have to be sure to set some aside for Uncle Sam and the IRS when you do. (A good 401k Provider will even help you with that.) I am not a Accountant, and you may want to ask one for specific advice for your lifestyle, but I had the same question when I was trying to figure this stuff out at 25. Hopefully this helps. Slashdot still exists, believe it or not. JungleDisk ( http://jungledisk.com ) meets several your criteria and has Linux/Mac/Windows support, but its just too bad that since Rackspace bought them they've focused almost entirely on Rackspace's cloud storage offerings. It started with AWS support (and which I still use, but which is hard to buy from JungleDisk these days) and there originally were hints when they first added Rackspace support that they might continue to support arbitrary cloud storage backends and yet that never materialized. JD has nice sync engine and a good "shared source" deduped backup "vault" format. I just wish that JD would either Open Source their software or get back around to supporting more cloud backends. I get that Rackspace wants to focus on their own offerings, but I'd love to see the JungleDisk client get more capable, again. In the larger linguistics world you have a distinction between "translation" (conversion between languages) and "transliteration" (conversion between forms of a language; cursive writing versus typing versus speech, for instance). I remember this being a particularly important distinction in learning American Sign Language (ASL) because the vocabulary is roughly English-ish it is very easy to transliterate and try to say in ASL an English sentence "as is" without meaningful changes, but just with dealing with the differences between, say, English and Spanish, to speak ASL properly you need to actually translate to more idiomatic forms and abstractions. This is extremely important to ASL not just from a "speak better ASL" standpoint but also because it comes out of a foundational, cultural imperative: ASL was not seen as "a real language" until it proven to some linguists that it validly needed translation, was not just a transliteration of English but in fact a language with its own idioms and grammar requiring translation. This disagreement is so fundamental to ASL also because there was so much pressure from people to "speak real English" rather than develop their own language. There is a transliteration-focused "alternative" to ASL that includes all of the useless English grammar and stutter words like "the" that ASL handles grammatically different, and ASL had to prove its existence against it and also to prove that it was better and also to prove that ASL speakers could still read/write English to work with the rest of the English-speaking country when their native language was grammatically different enough to require translation... It's an interesting cultural battle to read about. All of which is a long winded example to get back to the idea that the translation/transliteration difference is very similar to the compilation/transpilation difference and while I don't think we've yet seen a cultural battle for supremacy between the terms, I do think there is a usefulness in keeping the distinction. I also see the conversion between idioms/abstractions as being the key difference between compilation and transpilation. Machine language has much different idioms/abstractions from a high-level language; CoffeeScript and TypeScript try to stay very similar in idiom/abstraction to EcmaScript. The irony of course being that Slashdot has "editors" to supposedly get a stronger S/N ratio than a editor-free flood site like HN... DX12 adds support for pipelining across every GPU on a machine, potentially lighting up that "disabled silicon". This may be a value add enough reason for Intel to keep innovating its integrated graphics processing. Apache Cordova is the largest project for developing mobile applications with web technologies (HTML, CSS, JS). It may be worth a look as that should be the fastest place for you to start. I've dabbled but not yet had a project need it. From what I've seen, some places to start: You mentioned C# so you've probably used at least some Visual Studio, Visual Studio 2015 has Apache Cordova templates and emulators in the default installer now. (You can also download them as an optional separate install for VS 2013.) It's interesting that the VS Android emulator (built for Hyper-V) is the fastest and best Android emulator available right now. Also, while Cordova tries to be more browser-like than Node-like it may help to have at least passing familiarity with NodeJS. Most importantly you should know NPM (the node package manager) pretty well, as that's the main package manager for Cordova apps as well. (Also, VS helps here too as 2015 has an NPM GUI now.) If you are already doing that, then you also don't have to worry about WifiSense as the checkbox to enable it for that SSID is right there (and only there) and you can make sure that you don't check it when you type in your password. Skimming this the impression I get is that you could reduce the dependencies and rewrite it on top of a more modern parser approach such as a PEG [Parsing Expression Grammar] or parser-combinator and in fact the SNOBOL pattern matching here is very PEG-like and you could get away with just renaming/aliasing some of the basic PEG combinators to do this pattern matching and learning the PEG library of choice's conventions and likely get the bonus of IDE autocomplete/intellisense. That's very good to know. All of the examples I saw in the documentation were using the Promise "then" and I didn't see any mention that they were in fact returning Observables. If I may suggest it, perhaps you might add this a bit more explicitly to the documentation including possibly an example or two that makes use of them as Observables? I think the documentation is there, it's just the publication that's not there (whether things are just under-noticed/published or intentionally buried who knows). For what it's worth, I support the idea of a "fractional penny tax" on trades as a marketable solution to let the "free market" fix HFT. I've mostly seen it advocated by David Brin, but Congress could easily levy a tax on trading that would be some fraction of a penny (say a tenth or a hundredth of a penny). For a human scale trader that tax is a rounding error (essentially in our favor) at best and a loose change issue at worst (pull a couple pennies from your couch cushion). For HFT it's a legitimate concern and something that HFT would have to take into account. It probably wouldn't stop HFT (but that becomes a market decision if the extra "friction" from the tax is worth the "benefits" of the HFT in a cost/benefit analysis), but it might slow it down a bit, and the taxes raised by it could hopefully be put into mitigation efforts against the worst effects of HFT. For what it's worth, Windows 10 enhances the basic command host to support some more things such as nicer tab completion directly out of the box (for both traditional cmd.exe and PowerShell) without having to switch to ISE. You didn't read deep enough. Remoting and Scripting are off by default but available. Remoting is not great, but getting better soon (as in now-ish) with SSH support getting baked into PowerShell. (Yeah, that SSH, OpenSSH.) Scripting IS great, you just have to turn it on. (It's off by default because Microsoft didn't want it to be a virus vector for your Grandfather's machine who doesn't need shell scripting and likes to click on every attachment he sees in his email.) Get-Help about_Execution_Policies # Tells you everything you need to know about So the first thing I typically do in PowerShell in user accounts I control is: Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope CurrentUser After that I can run all the scripts I want to run. (From there it's a quick jump over to Chocolatey for application installs and PsGet for useful PowerShell scripts like PoshGit that adds your friendly Git branch info to the PowerShell prompt.) I also think that the problem has always been key distribution and trust. Explaining such things to the average person is a fun exercise in frustration and sounds to that person like way too much effort. Classic PGP "Web of Trust" really is a lot of work, and while the Certificate Authority system is easier to explain, no one wants to pay an annual subscription to some CA to send secure emails... and then how are you going to distribute those CA signed certificates? I really hope that with the big funding push, maybe Keybase.io helps circle this square and simplifies key distribution and trust enough that more average users will feel it to approachable. I'm not sure that they can, though. I realized in a discussion thread on Literate Programming styles that majority of my comments nowadays have moved into the source control commits. Then you somewhat get the best of inline comments in your source control annotated view of the code, including that the comments truly only stay attached for as long as they stay relevant (walking backwards in time as necessary to see the history of that line). I really like Mozilla Persona ( http://persona.org ) and I think it is a great way to authenticate people. It uses JWTs as part of its technical stack, but it simplifies a lot of the considerations of working with them. Persona is a better federated login system and I think it's a shame more websites aren't using it. I've blogged/presented on the topic: http://blog.worldmaker.net/2015/05/13/mozilla-persona-talk/ I've been mostly happy with the switch from Bower to JSPM. I like SystemJS and the use of ES2015 modules and transpilation support over CommonJS. I once had a silly argument with a hydrogen fanatic (who insisted he built a working hydrogen fuel cell in his garage in the 70s, but we'll get to that) which was back and forth like this: Hydrogen Fan: But the exhaust is only water! Me: All electric cars have no exhaust! Hydrogen Fan: Well they do at the coal plants! Me: So we are going to count electric production? What about Hydrogen production? Today it uses fossil fuels and outputs carbon and methane worse than coal plants. Hydrogen Fan: But the real exhaust is only water! And you could eventually get the hydrogen back out of the water! Me: That's not how Chemistry works. Where does the energy come from to split the water molecules? That's about when I gave up on the conversation as it derailed into the aforementioned beliefs that the guy built a Hydrogen Fuel cell that somehow fueled on water, spit out water as exhaust, and was capable of driving a car in the 70s but then his garage experiments were stopped by a government conspiracy. (I presumed drugs were heavily involved in the actual reality of this story, this was a middle aged guy working in a hardware store.) This entire conversation felt like par for the course when dealing with people that think hydrogen powered cars are anything but a ruse. You even hear variations on it from the Big 3 car companies. ("Well we almost had hydrogen working in the 70s but the government stopped us." Yup, it was clearly the government and not, say, the basic laws of chemistry and physics.) Not to mention that Mitsubishi and others are working on good solutions for inductive chargers that could be mounted into the street, making the parking spot itself the charger, at which point nearly every parking spot in a city has the space to be electric (it just needs the infrastructure investment). The same trend holds in America as well. The low margins on gas has lead to gas pumps becoming a loss leader to encourage people to go to nearby convenience stores and now increasingly entire supermarkets and superstores. The pumps that are surviving aren't really "gas stations" in the classic Americana sense and I don't think people realize that. Electric cars primarily "fill in the bathtub". If you look at a chart of energy demand over 24 hours the off-peak (cheaper) hours are often referred to as the "bathtub" because that's what the chart resembles. To deal with the bathtub electric companies have to turn on/off electric generation systems appropriately. Most of those generation systems (hydro and even coal, as two examples) are more efficient if they run continuously rather than start/stop. So electric companies want to fill in the bathtub, and are already willing and eager to fill in the bathtub. This is also where you get into discussions about the "smart grid". The thing to note is that the grid in most countries is already "smart" on the production/generation side: it has to be to deal with changes in demand over time, particularly given something like the bathtub that happens every single day. The goal of the "smart grid" is to make consumption smarter by signaling better when demand might change (my owner just got home from work for the day, your house says, so please get ready for higher power needs this evening) and electric cars are a vanguard for the "smart grid" precisely because they are programmable consumption devices with useful consumption patterns that can be smartly adjusted. An electric car (or its charger, same difference) can ask the grid for energy and adjust its energy input to the grids needs (and vice versa), charging on a slow trickle during high demands and a full blast to help fill in the bathtub. Cars use a whole lot of energy, but primarily in short bursts (trips to/from a destination) and ultimately spend a lot more time parked. With a little bit of information from the user, or a bit of inference from pattern matching, a car can predict about how long it will be parked and about how much charge it will need for the next trip (which is not always 100%; if you drive to lunch from work you probably are only planning to go a short distance because you have to return to work just after lunch). The energy grid loves this because it can better predict demand over time and better adjust consumption to meet generation and vice versa. (This is all even before you get the "smart grid" facets that electric cars are giant parked batteries and that a truly "smart grid" could borrow energy from an electric car to meet high demand and then repay that energy (with "interest") as demand shrinks back down. It's this part that gets a bunch of interest when people talk about the "smart grid", but that's actually a less practically useful part of it than just consumption demand knowledge and preparation/time-shifting. The "battery loans" would more likely be useful and actionable merely at the scale of between your personal car and home than at the level of the grid.) OneNote tries to be very good about respecting the format of copy/pasted stuff (and uses the Office method of giving you a few options after pasting to possibly reformat, but only at your option). It keeps a Code style for formatting handy in the list of quick styles. It syncs well across devices (using OneDrive, of course) and these days is also multiplatform with apps for all major platforms (Windows, iOS, Android, Mac OS X). For a brief period I had a server that polled Twitter and updated a .plan file from my tweets, simply because I could, but that was two or three Twitter API versions ago and I've also been using fewer and fewer unix boxen since then. Part of me wants to revisit the concept and run a Twitter over QOTD (port 17) server. Some of them were definitely highly specific jargon to medical fields and the like. I'm betting fewer of them are made up than you think. My insight in college taking some economics courses side by side higher level physics and engineering courses was that economics has mostly gotten stuck in algebra and has thus far failed to develop its calculus. The easiest analogies for me to make are to electronics. Talking about cash/debt is like talking about instantaneous voltage. It's sort of interesting, but it isn't doing any actual work. In electronics it is the flow of that voltage, the current, that is more often more important and more interesting and more directly applicable to the "work" of a circuit... I think you get a very different view of economics if you model it more like electronics circuits than just about any of the other economics models I see discussed. I've often wondered what would happen if someone actually bothered to attempt such a model and apply some deep scientific rigor to it. Thanks for the interesting reference to look up. I had not heard of the MONIAC before. Looks like this is also a sideways referent in Terry Pratchett's Making Money which draws in some interesting dots in that book. There is always the tried and true pick an obscure, lesser known or possibly even esoteric [1] language and talk about how it is different and maybe why it is different and what (if any) reasons someone might want to learn it in depth or actually try to use it for a project. Or possibly more usefully you could try an intro to a deep concept in programming languages that people don't well understand. The classics there are things like "What is a Monad? Guess what, here's how you are using them already in C# or JavaScript...". [1] http://esolangs.org/wiki/Main_Page Certainly some jargon is typical in spoken environments but rarely necessary in written contexts, just as vice versa. Not that I have any specific proofs on the specific words in the survey, but given at least one example of curious slang ("fleek"), I wouldn't put it past Randall to attempt to find some. Also, the fun thing about pronounceable neologisms is even if Randall made them up, there's a curious tendency in English at least to actually start using some of them. I stopped attending Hackathons (and Jams) out of a principle decision. I've come to feel that Hackathons are only encouraging some of the worst aspects of the software industry. The industry as a whole has long, bad habits of encouraging "crunch work" and unpaid overtime. Hackathons are a celebration of those bad habits (and a mirror to them). The arguments pro-Hackathon point out that such events are unsustainable and you can't expect to do it every weekend, and yet you also start to see Hackathons filling up nearly every weekend in a year and people that try to attend all of them that they think they safely can. I don't want to encourage "crunch work" and so I stopped paying attention to Hackathons entirely. Life is too short to burn so brightly on weekends for projects that mostly don't matter. I do worry that Hackathon culture encourages more bad software business cultures that think that they need crunch or can survive on crunch and that "everybody is doing it". I have had no problems with Hulu's ad offerings and will happily stick with the ad subsidized option. Because guessing games are fun: Slickle is clearly onomatopoeia for something I probably don't want to know what. Cadine is a name (which is certainly a type of word): http://www.babycenter.com/baby-names-cadine-891835.htm Tribution and Revergent are likely plays on con- prefix removal and substitution (contribution, convergent). If they are not part of some jargon, they will be. Similarly, the morphological construction for Unitory (-tory is the latin agency prefix) I can certainly believe it to have jargon usage. Trephony could be a form of this noun for different grammatical situations: http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/trephone That would suggest to me that it may be a biosciences jargon term already. Do you have any links for what you consider to be the current state of economics? I will the first to admit that I am not an economist, but I do try to at least keep an ear out for what may be current and certainly in terms of what I've been hearing from a layman's perspective, for the most part my comments remain valid against current economics work. That said, it's also why I prefaced my comments that they were primarily centered from several years ago back when I was in college and that the analogy was mostly personal opinion. If it is personal opinion founded in ignorance, I am happy to be proven wrong or shown cool things, if you are interested in a deeper discussion beyond insults. Certainly, the models that we see in day to day political discussions and popular/lay culture have not seemingly progressed much beyond the macroeconomics courses I took in college, but again I'm willing to admit I certainly have my biases/blinders. Also, I'm sure that dynamic models exist, I was more curious if there are economists that have played with models more closely aligned with my physics analogies, specifically. Thus far the one of most interesting things in economics right now, to myself at least, is I have done some reading on some of the work of theorists in Modern Monetary Theory (MMT) and I liked where it seemed to be heading (not to mention its ties to turn of the last century Social Credit theories/works). That certainly seems close to what I'd expect/like to see more of in economics, but correct me if I'm wrong, it still seems "fringe" in the current state of economics. Yes, I enjoyed Hackathon-like things in college, but there is something to be said about youth and youthful exuberance there. I'm also at the point where the sorts of things I do that meet the Hackathon role in my life at this point, particularly because I think they should fit spare time and not eat up my focus or impact my day job, I'm tending towards at least a fortnight deadline (two weeks) and often more like month (things like NaNoWriMo in particular have captured my attention). I do think that is a bit more sustainable. I've also sort of tried to brainstorm up for what I think a good sustainable "jelly" (slower than a "jam") might be and it would probably be something like fortnight sub-milestones towards a month or two project. Of course, I'm still not sure how you keep that from feeling like an unpaid internship, but maybe I'll figure that out at some point. It seems to me that where JetBrains went wrong was building every language supported as a separate application. According to their announcement post the stated goal of was to deal with the customer ask to get easier discounts on multiple language products or to move from one language to another more easily. To JetBrains the solution was apparently to switch to SaaS, which kind of makes sense, but from my perspective maybe they should have just consolidated some of their product efforts? Pirates of the Caribbean movies heavily borrowed from "On Stranger Tides" from the very first movie, so it was only fair that they eventually actually licensed the book, even if only to mostly just use the (fantastic) title, because they'd already picked so much of the book apart. Also, further mutual inspiration trivia between the two franchises: Ron's never made it a secret that Monkey Island was also directly inspired by the original Disney Pirates of the Caribbean attraction. (The influence of which can be felt strongly throughout, but which most directly manifests itself in the complicated and controversial MI2 ending.) Ron left LucasArts before Curse of Monkey Island and it was made without his consent or original design plans by essentially and entirely new and different design team. To be fair to the Curse design team, it sounds like Ron's vision for his Monkey Island 3 has never really existed outside of his head and he didn't leave them any/many notes to even be able to attempt to end the trilogy with whatever story Ron may have envisioned. Ron also had mostly made it clear that he doesn't like that LucasArts continued the IP without his consent, as it was his baby, but that's the wonderful world of work for hire for you. It's also useful to note that io.js moved fasted in version numbering because they switched to a more semver versioning pattern, whereas Node had been using something a lot more awkward and rather more confusing. It looks like a benefit to the 4.0 jump is that Node will be using semver moving forward. That Aeon Magazine example looks like they tried to use radio boxes and couldn't figure out the HTML to do it properly and gave up. Now, I just made the mistake of looking at Aeon's HTML source and its fine, but definitely some strange bugs (label for not matching input id is one obvious thing where someone failed some basic HTML SAN checks). «The problem it doesn't solve is what people will do with their time.» What would you do with your time if you weren't required to work for your living? I'd spend more time writing fiction and videogames, personally. Others want to act, write poetry, create art, perform music, romance, raise kids, the list extends out to so many extremes of human expression and desire. I'd probably read more books and play more videogames and attend more concerts, too. There would certainly be a lot more Netflix binging, in general. But the problem here is that people see such culture (leisure) as sinful/wasteful, rather than a goal, a possibly better human existence. If more people have leisure time, so what? At some point we have to admit to ourselves (as this is deep in the American DNA at this point) that the Puritans were wrong and backbreaking labor is not the end all/be all of human experience. It's not a more "pure" life to work ourselves to death and it's not "guilty" or "irrational" or "wasteful" to balance some pleasure and leisure into one's life. People should not have to "earn" a right to the bottom rungs of Maslow's Hierarchy: they should have food, shelter, safety, health. Why should "work" be an entry bar to claiming one's basic rights as a human being in a caring society? The concept of "basic income" is that everyone gets it, regardless of qualification. If people want to earn income over and above that, they are welcome to: there will still be startups and companies and projects that will (need to) pay for labor. If people want to live on the bare minimum that "basic income" provides for them and spend the rest of their life in relative leisure, then let them. What harm does that do to society? If companies have such a great need for that extra labor they would be missing they can pay the value that that loss of leisure is actually worth and lure the "lazy" out of leisure through enough incentive. If someone tries to leave beyond their means and uses "basic income" as a crutch they'll quickly find themselves dealing with the same disincentives that poor people already face: bad credit, collections agency, the prison-industrial complex. Already productivity statistics are telling us that there are fewer jobs needed than people that exist in this country, and with increasing automation this trend will only get worse. We can't enforce 100% employment, and why should we? Instead, we need a solution for a (much) less than 100% employment world and punishing people with crippling poverty and debt seems like a far less useful solution than whining that maybe some people might find a way to take their basic income, find some shelter and a lifestyle that is sustainable under it, and binge watch Netflix for the rest of their lives without ever "working a job". What you perceive as a problem here is a failed assumption: the Puritan belief that people only live meaningful (sinless) lives if they devote themselves to some hateful job and work to earn their way to a better life (heaven for the Puritans; a leisure-full retirement if they are lucky after putting their nose to the grindstone, in the case of the classic American middle class propaganda). Sorry for the long rant here, but it's just something that I think we have a hard time talking about in America precisely because we've got a bundle of culturally foundational DNA that makes it tough to talk about without first attacking those foundational assumptions. Hopefully, maybe this helps explain what you are missing in the concept? One place I find it useful to start is with the one empirical attempt to actually try basic income, the Canadian Mincome Experiment: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MINCOME The other direction is to look at today's Social Security (basic income for the elderly) and attempt to extrapolate what/how you would expand the program to cover every citizen. For instance, examining the impact of fixed incomes on the elderly versus the cost of living in various parts of the country and how the elderly today are already coping with such issues. Another direction I've been trying to keep an eye on and follow as best I can is the discussions and work going on in (fringe) economics under the name "Modern Monetary Theory": http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modern_monetary_theory «The problem comes when people choose to do something destructive.» That's what we have disincentives such as the debt enforcement and the legal system already in place for. If someone spends all of their basic income on drugs rather than shelter/food, they likely commit a dumb sort of suicide or wind up in the prison system. The point of basic income is that you should have (as with any income) the opportunity to make mistakes like that. For one reason, I don't want to stop someone from using all their basic income on alcohol, because maybe I'll have a nice job with good wages that meets my basic needs and the basic income goes straight into my budget line item that reads "Top shelf bourbon"... More importantly, basic income works best when it is unqualified and unmonitored and real money: it can have the most economic impact if yes, some of it is sometimes going to even the sketchiest of corner liquor stores. That corner store is still going to have a local economic impact. Adding a work requirement doesn't stop someone from doing something personally destructive. (In some cases it is likely to incentivize personal destruction; a bad job can cause suicidal thoughts or more inclination to do drugs.) Of course, there's the question of larger scale societal destruction beyond personal destruction: how you stop someone from spending all their basic income on gas to burn and pollute? Ultimately that's a larger failure in the way we operate our economy that maybe we should fix at the sources (we need a better gas tax; we need carbon cap and trade). «I also wouldn't have a problem with people taking their basic income but not contributing to society.» Then why would you need to bother micromanaging if any or all of them participate in any sort of "work"? Basic income says we don't necessarily need to redefine "work": we need to stop caring about it, stop policing it, stop letting the labor market enslave people and telling people that fail in the labor market (for any reason) that they are bad people and deserve the poor lot in life that bad luck or poor circumstance handed them. A great prospective thing about basic income is that it increases liquidity in the labor market, making it actually a market where both sides (labor and employers) can participate as equals and bargain with some amount of fairness. If people don't need to work for a living, it means employers have to actually compete for their labor. If people have a fallback plan (I'll just live on my basic income for a while) they can more easily and more freely change jobs as they see fit. Redefining "work" and "requiring" it loses some of the nice qualities of that potentially wonderful liquidity in the labor market. «From a more practical point of view, there is also the issue of how such a program could ever be adopted. This is the unfortunate reality of American politics. The idea of workfare could be something that the conservative half of the country also supports.» I certainly wish we had more answers here. Basic income has been removed from American political discussions several times now, by painting it with the use of "Socialism" as a bad word. We've already managed to get (and have a heck of a time defending every other election cycle) basic income for two particularly innocent and defenseless (used to be) minorities: the elderly and the disabled. We call it "Social Security" and it mostly works rather well, when we aren't cutting or gouging it. But the every eight years or so fights to even keep it in existence keeps us from even mentioning the opposite possibility: expanding it. "Workfare" isn't the answer here for a compromise because we've also already got it, as a convoluted Frankenstein's monster of compromises: minimum wage, unemployment insurance, EBT/"food stamps", welfare. These are already "workfare" they all already require you to work or actively be seeking work and have all sorts of very stringent requirements about when and how and where you can use them. The potential beauty for basic income is that it cleans all of that up, and makes Uncle Sam and the State Governments a lot less nanny state. "Here's a check, spend it however you wish" is a lot simpler than "Fill out these forms, maybe you qualify for an audited debit card, here's the approved list of ways to spend it, here's the list of steps to prove you are doing it right and how often you need to do that..." My biggest hope is that maybe you could get a cross aisle contingent of us whacky socialist liberals and some fellow whacky "smaller government" libertarians to somehow get together and join forces on the concept that merging social security, unemployment insurance, minimum wage, welfare, food stamps, et al into one, much, much simpler non-nanny-state program of basic income, decreases the size of government and increases (hopefully) the happiness of the people, and then maybe from the edges we might hope to convince the large political middle (although probably not the moneyed "bases" of our two parties)... It's a wonderful fantasy that maybe could happen? I wish someone knew how to get the liberals/socialists and libertarians in the same room together without the money or bullying of the party bases. Thanks for some technical distinctions. It's useful here to compare the boring reality with the ideal vision, which is again why these are useful directions to look. It certainly doesn't impact the reasons I use a Surface. The Surface Pro is a direct laptop replacement for me and runs any Windows application I throw at it, including that I do development on it from time to time in Visual Studio. Dell just announced a partnership with Microsoft to sell and support the Surface to enterprises, and that's probably going to be a big and growing market for the Surface. Again, largely because even the 3 Non-Pro now is a full Windows laptop replacement of a sort that can run an enterprise's full suite of Windows applications. I don't think it has a chance to "wipe out" the Surface, but I also don't see it as a direct competitor to the Surface. Particularly because of how different iOS and Windows are, it seems like comparing apples to oranges and last I checked apples have still yet to wipe out oranges and we're all a little better off for having a choice in our fruits. The original Python .war equivalent was the .egg, but that's slowly losing ground to the .wheel. Oh wait, I'm confusing .jar and .war, aren't I? I think .wheel has some .war-like characteristics, thus it's growing popularity, but an not sure. As pointed out a lot of the verbosity in PowerShell is optional these days as there are a good number of aliases for common commands. The nice thing about the verbosity is kind of similar to the point of SQL in that it too has something of a natural language DSL intent (in PowerShell commands are expected to be "Verb-Noun" and verbs for the most part are encouraged to be from a relatively small set of common verbs). This can make it a bear to fully write out without an IDE (and there are multiple choices these days) or tab completion (which gets better with each release). The benefit however, is that typically you can very easily read someone's PS1 script if it has been written at full verbosity and know what it is doing. It's often very close to self-documenting at that point. It's kind of a reverse Alphabet situation: doubling down on (and returning to) the brand people actually know/trust (Stack Overflow/Google) over the brand people only met if they got involved in some meta-discussions (Stack Exchange/Alphabet), even as they continue to diversify. I'm not sure whose is the better approach. I think the name change has a bigger impact on Alphabet (the shareholder shuffle, trying to get greater focus on "side projects" outside of the Google core search products) than it will on Stack Overflow. Certainly Stack Overflow doesn't seem to be doing it for outside shareholders, it seems like they are simply doing it to help coalesce their own corporate identity and how they talk about it amongst themselves. It might not directly impact the average developer in caring about their product offerings, but maybe it will help lead communications internally for them in making those product offerings better and selling those product offerings to themselves as important/core to their future. I certainly wish them luck in that case that the name change will indeed benefit their cultural stability and future. I too have a lot of complex feelings about Stack Overflow. I appreciate it as a resource, but I also worry about what it incentivizes and why and how it incentivizes them. Your example is great: why is it that complicated questions with complicated answers you cannot just link to existing, well written how to article. Some of my best resources have come from such links that could only be appended as comments to the question, so they don't benefit from as much Rep gain as an answer, nor can they be marked as the "accepted" answer, when often they are the best answer... It's a particular concern given they are exploring a "Documentation" site designed for such long form answers and presumably there will be more answers on the main page of the form "see this example of this Documentation page" and it will be interesting to see if some of the Rep systems and moderation policies adjust with that. On the flipside the Documentation site as proposed still encourages people to (re)create content that could exist elsewhere for Rep points and maybe to the detriment of useful community sites or existing documentation sites. Some of that will be wait and see as they move forward into the project, of course. Finally, in a slightly different direction, as a somewhat unsuccessful game designer in a past life, I spent a lot of time thinking about point systems and incentive systems, and it's hard not to evaluate Stack Overflow's Rep through some of those filters. From those respects, Stack Overflow Rep is not bad, but sometimes concerning , largely in part from a reactionary position on myself that the "gamification" of the world is largely a bad thing, incentivizing in people sometimes the worst OCD tendencies and disincentivizing thoughtfulness or creativity. Stack Overflow Rep is definitely OCD incentivizing. I had interviewers ask me about my Stack Overflow Rep, and for one thing its not hard to find, and for second thing many of my points are actually elsewhere in the Exchange network, which can be fun to explain. But it's also easy for me to worry what in fact they are really asking about if they are interested in such an arbitrary metric, as well known and "extensive" as it may be... (Particularly in a world of employers that forbid social media participation entirely, which would include things like Stack Overflow.) You have to use the .TSX filename extension to enable it. The Roadmap [0] has long seen async/await as the defining feature for the TypeScript 2.0 milestone, from what I recall. From what I've read in the blog posts the team wants to prioritize ES6 (ES2015) features first, particularly as async/await is potentially on the standards agenda as early as ES2016 or ES2017... The surprise in TypeScript 1.6 is that experimental support for async/await is actually included, with the caveats that you have to explicitly opt in to the experimental feature with a compiler flag and that it only works when outputting ES6 code (it fails for ES3 and ES5). Some details are at the bottom of the issue 1664. Also, I think the new typing capabilities are hugely sexy if you've ever had to write .d.ts files for wild JS. Generic type aliases and intersection types will solve a lot of things that were much harder to do in definition files previously. Also, the support for expressions in class extends clauses makes it a lot easier to use the nicer class syntax when operating with JS libraries that use a custom object factory. (Given the long history of JS OO, there are a lot of weird custom object factories out there in wild JS code.) This is also good catchup with ES6 class syntax; it's always sexy when TS works to keep its "pure superset" goals. [0]: https://github.com/Microsoft/TypeScript/wiki/Roadmap It is referring to mathematical sets, but at the categorization of types level rather than the "shape" of types. If you think of Set X consisting of all the objects that could possibly be built as Class X and Set Y as all the objects that could possibly be built as Class Y, then the union of those sets is all of the Class X derived objects and all of the Class Y derived objects, whereas the intersection of those sets are whatever objects manage to implement or derive from both Class X and Class Y. The great thing about multi-paradigm languages is that you and I can write very functional code one day and lend a hand in a heavily OOP codebase the next. Even "Enterprise JavaScript" is a step up from the hodge podge "no paradigm" JS that has classically littered the web. It's nice seeing actual architecture and planning in JS codebases these days, with and without the big rigid frameworks. Sure, a lot of it is more verbose than it needs to be and over-architecture is an easy over correction to make, but typically I'll take over-architecture over no-architecture any day of the week. (Even if most of the joy I get from over-architecture is taking sledge hammers to it and reducing it down to a tighter core. Net negative lines of code refactors are a wonderful thing.) A key benefit to TypeScript over Flow is the very deep amount of IntelliSense and IDE support you get from it up front in your development process. It's very nice to have things like auto-completion and API documentation at your fingertips as you work. Also, TypeScript has a fairly strong transpilation engine and can be a one-stop shop for most of your transpilation needs (contrasting to also needing something Babel or Traceur in your build and/or runtime stack, for instance, because you can just transpile ES6-like TypeScript directly to ES5). I think it's worth pointing out that too that while "just another Android phone" even lay consumers can see the differences between Amazon's Android shop (and the Fire platform) and Google Play, fairly easily. From a lay perspective where "sideload" is a meaningless made up word, Amazon's platform certainly looks more like an "Android knockoff" than "just another Android phone". Playing with analogies, I feel like maybe Java is more our generation's Lisp, with respect to the AI boom: it hit a key enterprise "cool" factor and seemed to offer a productivity jump in some particular niches, but failing support levels from the language companies supposedly maintaining the languages (that got too bogged down into pie in the sky hardware projects or got bought out at ridiculous prices and scavenged for parts)... The fun fact there is the snake is eating its tail in that analogy as most of the interesting stuff I've read in the last while regarding Java/JVM is Clojure, and that's a direct Lisp descendant. The big changes between npm@2 and npm@3 are the node_modules flattening, which has been a huge pain for those of us doing development on Windows given the MAX_PATH issues deeply nested node_modules have caused. Very excited to see this out of beta! (Also, the new Unicode progress bars are cute and more interesting to watch than the classic |\-/| spinner...) Yes, absolutely. Good algorithms books show you strong patterns for how you can attack problems and program solutions. They will also often introduce you to some of the best, well-known algorithms that exist: these are known solutions that have been studied and examined. It's amazing how often you may find that knowing a problem has a well-known solution allows you to "skip ahead" to the next, actual problem. More importantly, data structures are essential to just about everything you do as a programmer. Every program has some amount of data it needs to utilize as input or output and data structures inform everything from where and how you store it to how you work it (how you program against it!). Here you see the crossover back to algorithms and further the importance of good fundamentals in algorithms: well-known data structures have well-studied algorithms for things such as creation, insertion, deletion, management, sorting, iteration, and more. Better knowing those algorithms helps you better understand the tradeoffs between data structures. Using the right data structure with the right set of algorithms for that data structure for the given usage cases of your data is a huge part of programming and a big distinction between bad programs, good programs, and amazing programs. Of the top of my head, various combinations of, roughly in order of importance: - JungleDisk sync folders - OneDrive folders - BitTorrent Sync folders - Dropbox folders - Firefox account Edge (the particular topic of the blog post) currently only runs on Windows 10. I'm sure that was the assumption made by the article author. Presumably, if you had the right Chrome build I presume you could also attempt to use that. (Although the last I heard Chrome was still supporting an older draft of the standard, and maybe that was also included in the assumption here?) You can sell value adds such as additional services or support. Nothing stops you from selling an open source project as is, either, you just have to be a aware that you are essentially competing with your own "free version". There are also a couple of good Open Source consortiums that are run as non-profits. They act as a 501(c)3 parent organization that handles a lot of the legal footprint for the open source projects they manage and in return they provide a useful, charitable way for businesses and enterprises and individuals to donate to open source projects that they use and have it count as charitable giving that can be used to a tax credit advantage. You aren't going to get rich on "donation-ware", but it certainly is a good way to get smart people to help pay for the maintenance of long-term open source projects. It will drop naturally over time. It's also possible that even being a "fluff" piece this could be the starting point for a larger conversation. For instance: what about this piece, specifically, makes you see it as fluff? What would you improve? Are there specific assertions you disagree with? I don't think it makes any particularly strong arguments, but perhaps that's the point. Maybe the article author wants such criticism? Good points here. It complains a bit about the semicolons and as Standard ( http://standardjs.com/ ) points out, you don't actually need most of the semicolons. This would suggest to me that you have a Coupling mistake or an Abstraction problem of some sort. I can't quite offer specific fixes based on the specifics here, but abstractly my gut reaction is that it sounds likely that B is too tightly coupled to A and is likely something that either should be part of A or C more directly (possibly merged together; or at the very least versioned together). Certainly I don't often feel like an abstract class is a separate enough concern to be its own module (an abstract class without any available implementation is useless on its own), and that seems a flag that maybe should reconsider your architecture, but without too many specifics I'm not sure I can tell you exactly what is wrong with your abstract class. Hope that helps maybe lead you in the right direction at least. 1) The license changes were directly from decades of user feedback: people don't buy upgrades to Windows, they buy machines with Windows on it. Microsoft listened and now Windows is licensed and updated perpetually to a given hardware configuration. 2) Windows still supports Local Accounts as well as it ever has, and with feedback it's now much more obvious how to create one if you don't want "cloud lock-in". With the latest build out to Insiders even Cortana allows you to use a Local Account and opt in sign in to a Microsoft account only for Cortana features. Certainly seems to me that Microsoft is listening and trying to balance the feedback of the paranoids like you and the people that appreciate the convenience of cloud features such as myself... 3) Giant Enterprise "Threshold 2" release is expected to drop November-ish with greater support for GPO, BYOD, LTS, and all the Enterprise appeasing buzzword acronyms that "admins" love and users live with and/or hate. Microsoft appears to be collecting a lot of feedback to work on to build this Enterprise push, including a lot of feedback from the few companies to actually try and use Windows 8 (as opposed to all the ones steadfastly "Windows XP or Death"/"LTS for Life"), which had a lot stronger Enterprise capabilities than people seem to have given it credit for... 4) The UI is doing a lot of things that people want and ask for: better handling different DPI across multiple screens, better handling touch, better handling DPI in general, increasing better access to good typography and design principles. Apple does it and gets applauded, Microsoft tries to do it and people call them tyrants and "brow beating". Here again, Microsoft is clearly doing everything they can do based on the feedback they are getting. So much so that they've even backpedaled on many of the things that once made "Modern Apps" truly "Modern" in terms of fresh, smarter approaches to common problems (I was a fan of the Charms bar and what it tried to accomplish, may it rest in peace; also, hamburger menus, sigh). Apple never had to deal with as much "who moved my cheese" hatred in the transition between Carbon and Cocoa as Microsoft seems to be working with here. In High School I read through a lot of Don Hopkins' blog on Pie Menus ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pie_menu ) and also wonder why they continue to be infrequent in usage. The interesting thing is that apparently on Don's watch the proliferated somewhat in NextStep, but never quite made the leap to OS X Cocoa (and subsequently iOS), which seems interesting. Maybe there's an AU out there where OS X and iOS are heavily radial menu driven. Cell phones have felt the IPv4 exhaustion pressure a lot more strongly than most networks: network address translation is an interesting feat when the device may be moving in three dimensions at highway speeds. Thus the LTE networks have especially been pushing handset manufacturers to support IPv6 first and foremost and deprecate IPv4-centric APIs/applications/software as much and as fast as possible. It's interesting too that you mention a campus computer in comparison: most American Universities were early adopters and thus got very large blocks of IPv4 addresses assigned to them, so in some cases they may be the last to deal with IPv4 exhaustion. (To be fair, though, many have given big blocks back for reassignment, doing what they can to have kept us from an exhaustion crisis before.) The correlation mentioned in this article is interesting. Yes, statistically some 30% or so of us in the world have tinnitus of one form or another, but it's not really life threatening and its annoyance is such that it often doesn't get studied. The idea that tinnitus has anything in association, much less potentially things in common, with other lasting conditions like chronic pain, chronic anxiety, and depression, that certainly lends hope that maybe it will get studied a bit more and possibly more likely someone might cure it someday. Yeah, Windows 7 is the new Windows XP for the "LTS for Lifers" and there will be plenty of enterprises similarly riding that horse long after it is exhausted. It's interesting too the people complaining about the Windows 10 approach to LTS shortening the decade-plus-long window of abuse that XP suffered (and 7 is likely to also see) to something more akin to the 5 years of Debian LTS... and Debian is considered one of the most conservative of the Linux distributions with respect to LTS! My favorite source of laptop bags for several years now has been Waterfield Designs: http://sfbags.com Although I tend towards custom-fit sleeve cases that I can slide into the other things I own (such as my trusty LL Bean backpack), all of their bags have a great quality and seem durable enough to likely last well against the weather. There's also a bunch of nice touches, such as their messenger bags use "airplane buckles" for easy one-handed access. I always forget to set my defaults globally to the file type, so my python files are littered with the following vim comment towards the bottom: # vim: ai et ts=4 sts=4 sw=4 Explanation: forces auto-indent (ai), expand tabs to spaces (et), and tab stops (soft and hard) to 4 spaces. I think a point here is that NAT isn't long term sustainable. We seem to be teetering on the point where NAT Traversal becomes almost impossible to reliably do and the concept of a single internet breaks down, one NAT black box network at a time. Already there are systems that really can only communicate via HTTP to the global internet and then only if they initiate the request. To some people that is a "feature" and the future of firewalls, but I don't want to live on an internet where you have maybe one reliable protocol and a pull-only view of that one protocol at that... Yes, there's a difference between "pull" and "initiate", but it is academic to my point/hyperbole. Also, yes, UPnP Port Forwarding has made less of a mess in the case of most modern "home" NATs, and this does show up nicely in gaming platforms. UPnP Port Forwarding is a nice kludge. Have you seen how much code and effort is involved in kludges like UPnP Port Forwarding? The game platforms are getting better at it over time mostly because the good platforms can spend a lot of money building the necessary complex software. But we're already leaving behind the case where a single NAT near the edge of the network graph (the "home") is sufficient and are starting to see larger deployments of "carrier-grade NAT". So far as I know there is no equivalent kludge to UPnP Port Forwarding that works reliably on that scale, and building such a kludge seems like a major question of what sort of internet topology we really want. For hyperbole's sake, "carrier-grade NAT" and other similar cases of NATs speaking to NATs that what we're talking about is ultimately a balkanization of the internet, breaking the internet back into sub-networks of various addressability. Even with economic incentives, we'd still be running out of IPv4 addresses for all of the "physical places" in the world that have 65000 devices. More critically, with IPv4 we've already hit scaling problems with the size of routing tables for the physical places that connect to the internet, we can't easily do "per-IP routing" and there aren't economic incentives that will quickly change that. Ultimately, I'm wondering if this is the confusion you are having: IP (v4 or v6) is about the physical routing to the places of the internet. IPv6 doesn't have answers to device connectivity or movement because that's not its job. Logical Device to Physical IP Address mapping is the job of internet layers like DNS and mDNS/Bonjour. NAT is a series of hacks designed to deal with the fact that IPv4 doesn't do as great of a job at physical routing as we would like, now that we have millions of devices connecting to it every day. IPv6 is an actual attempt to fix how the internet does physical routing. It does solve the real problem we are actually having: physical routing on the internet. It solves it much better than NATs wish they could solve it, regardless of the "device vendors and academics" that "ran the show". https://twitter.com/stealthmountain Clearly you need the .horse and .pizza. /s From another angle they are more convenient: Most of the USB keys are in a form factor that fits well on an existing key ring. If you are like most people, you presumably also already have a pile of keys connected to a key ring on you at all times. You don't have to unlock your phone device and launch the appropriate app, you just need to plug into an open USB slot on the machine you are using. It's particularly interesting to this conversation because it has no teeth. IGDA is hope and a dream. It took real unions a lot of hard work to get movie credits to accurately credit people. Presumably it would take the same for games. .pizza, .beer, and even .horse all serve specific business sectors, at least. I've already seen Beer and Pizza places using the TLD for their primary (and sometimes only) URL. I haven't seen a .horse business URL yet, but I will be disappointed if I don't see one by the first Saturday in May (the Kentucky Derby). If it were the primary motivation to avoid confusing Prime members they could easily just add a bold description field: DOES NOT SUPPORT AMAZON VIDEO. They could also just drop it from Prime-eligible rather than drop it from the store entirely. Many Prime members filter things by Prime-eligible (for many different reasons) and that would possibly be more effective than dropping it entirely. «They run your code in a try/catch block and store the error away, and you have to remember yourself to manually throw it later.» Browser native Promises and their corresponding Dev Tools work exactly how you would expect and surface uncaught exceptions in Promises. Browsers that support async/await will especially be incentivized to provide strong asynchronous exception handling in their Dev Tools. It's just tough to polyfill that behavior without bringing the JS synchronous code world to a halt. A good Promises library/polyfill will at least attempt to console.log uncaught exceptions when they happen. I've been wondering if its a subtle viral promotion for a television show or movie. So the objective is to humanize the corporation but the solutions they've wound up at are essentially gamification (points, badges). I wouldn't necessarily call gamification a humanization: it seems more like a tangent to a different rabbit hole. Instead of HR Policies that try to come from a human place you get "game systems" that become just as stressful to "play" if not more so... Everything old is modern again. Cool links. I spent weeks fighting (and mostly losing) to a designer that wanted every website to use no more than a 300 font weight and no italics or other differentiating typography, all because it was "modern and light and airy". Wish I could have been like "Nope, here's people in the 19th century complaining about it" back at that point. They have said it was a full Windows 10 computer, so I'm not entirely shocked by the $3000 price, but I do think that the consumer version will likely have to be cheaper to sell it to the average consumer. It's a DirectX 12 feature that software developers have to opt-in to, and it is up to the software developer to figure out how they plan to spread the workload across the GPUs, but they can program against any and every GPU on a device regardless of manufacturer now. (The fun thing here will be to see software handle hot drops as GPUs get attached/reattached with the Surface Book.) Seems more like an admission that there is a spectrum of users that want/need different things. Surface Pro is the tablet to replace your laptop and Surface Book is the laptop to replace your tablet. It's an Open Specification file format, at least: https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd924743(v=office.1... Honestly, I think they've defined pretty well what "full Windows 10 computer" means in this case: You are strapping a full Xbox One with Kinect onto your head. Last I checked, you can't run a Kinect very well on a $9 ARM chip. Based on graphics we've seen in demos I doubt the system hardware is anything less than we see in an Xbox One, but it's definitely not less than what we see on a Surface Pro, form factor for form factor. It's possible that they are trying to weed out early adopters with a high cost, but with entire new hardware that's not been mass produced to date (the holographic display, the proprietary holographic processing unit) it certainly seems like this is probably more a reflection of actual production costs today. It's certainly long been a tradition of console game systems that the early development machines are an order of magnitude (as much as even 100x, historically) more expensive than the final retail hardware. (Which also historically has been a profit center for some console generations when they were charging the same development box costs long after the retail cost margin drops.) It's very much a case that I think the only real comparison is to the Xbox One and we don't have a lot of data on that as Xbox One never sold dev kits to the public, that's certainly something new with the Developer Edition of the HoloLens. Also, for what it's worth I've not heard any reports of "tracking lag" (in fact just the opposite from articles I've followed to date, that the HoloLens seems to have "tracking magic") and I'm willing to believe that the adjustments of the device's FOV are as much for safety reasons as anything else (we humans use our peripheral vision for a lot of things when navigating the real world). Certainly the same journalists complaining about the FOV have also stated that they've experienced different FOV in different demos. Yep, multiple viewers, including remote viewers, seems to be a big deal for Microsoft. Certainly that has been a big explicit focus of the JPL, Architecture, and Skype demos they've been showing. (It's also an implicit part of all their on-stage demos as well; supposedly the fancy camera rig is acting just like any other HoloLens and sharing the same scenes directly as the actual devices will in real time.) This is very much my version of the rant, too. Today it would be absolutely unspeakable for a computing device to boot up for the first time without a web browser installed. Microsoft may have jumped the gun by a half-minute or so, but they saw that future coming. Of course, I get even rantier about the "antivirus" companies blocking Microsoft from including Defender (nee Security Essentials) out of the box with XP and Vista, under similar reasoning to the Netscape decision. How is antivirus not an Operating System feature (system protection)? I'm glad that decision has finally passed and I really hope that people stop paying for the security theater "antivirus" programs that remain out there as OEM bloatware and those "products" will finally die a long, much deserved death. The app situation is going to change very rapidly in the next few months. It's why Microsoft is making a big deal of the Windows 10 install base. There was a quick slide follow up in the devices announcement that showed that the growing install base has already attracted some big companies to the UWP [Universal Windows Platform] that previously had be meh on Windows Phone. With Windows 10 on phones in November that platform will light up on phones finally. (Already the UWP Facebook app, as one example, is a leap forward in cross-OS feature parity compared to previous versions and it will be great to see that "day one" on Windows 10 phones.) On top of that you have "Project Astoria" which will mean very easy ports of existing Android apps to Windows 10 Phones for developers looking to leverage existing code investment. (Already somewhat released and being utilized is "Project Islandwood" and we're starting to see some iOS software ported to Windows through it.) The UWP support on the Xbox One (and the merging of the Xbox and Windows Stores, huzzah) is supposed to light up as soon as November and we now know that a lot more developers will have access to HoloLens (which will also utilize the UWP) early next year. I think that access to Xboxen and HoloLens will encourage more developers to also consider cheaply scaling "down" to people's phones as well. So too should Continuum phones and their ability to offer side-by-side run "desktop-like" versions of UWP apps may drive some interesting apps to Windows Phone moving forward that have ignored it thus far. The trick is learning how to compose promises out of one another. For instance, then() on a promise doesn't just support a callback, but another promise or a function that returns another promise. Often you can build multiple async operations as chains and flows of promises. Additionally there are "higher level" compositions of promises such as Q.whenAll(promise1, promise2, ...).then(), making it easier to deal with things like parallel promises. Also, it's often cleaner to use something like Q.nfcall to turn a callback accepting function (like request in your example) itself into a promise that can be chained. (I just noticed that this is contrary to Q's own documentation which surprisingly is pro-deferred.) With KeePass I haven't felt the need for a browser plugin: Ctrl+C, Ctrl+V is easy enough for my tastes. Plus, in Windows the "auto fill" works more often than not (reducing things to just Ctrl+V in KeePass). There are multiple KeePass clients on iOS and just about all of them support things like Dropbox sync. A curses-based CLI for KeePass, KeePassC was just recently on HN: http://raymontag.github.io/keepassc/ You could easily store KeePass database files on a network share. Create one file per access group, for instance. KeePass works pretty well with multiple database files (it has a simple tabbed interface when you do so and you can do things like color code the icons in the tabs). You can use network share permissions to make the database files read-only to particular users and KeePass will do the right thing with read-only files (mark it as read-only in the UI and disallow editing actions). KeePass apps are usually open source. Presumably some smart devs can contribute such Android support to an Android KeePass app. It's not really a simple change: this is Microsoft respecting decades of API backward compatibility. New APIs support much higher PATH length, for what it is worth, it's just that a lot of software, for various accumulated reasons, rely on older APIs. For whatever their other faults, it's hard to blame Microsoft for treating backwards compatibility seriously . It's an amazing thing that in 2015 you can still run VB4-built Win32 application binaries built in 1995. (Not that I recommend people actually do so, given a choice in the matter, of course.) The GUI has gotten a refresh in recent Windows 10 builds: http://www.ghacks.net/2015/09/22/microsoft-improves-environm... Windows development has been increasingly moving to ReactiveX and ReactiveX-style observables as the "best practice" way of handling time and change. (I certainly encourage new Windows projects to take a good, long look at ReactiveUI.) I certainly think that we're going to see more migrations to RxJS (or Bacon or other relatives) from Flux (or in addition to Flux). Personally, I've been preferring Cycle ( http://cycle.js.org ), which is directly RxJS-based, over React and Flux, but there are an increasing number of options and maybe no "perfect" answers just yet. Yes, exception handling with Observables, just like with Promises, gets to be a bit more complicated, especially as browser Dev Tools haven't quite caught up to them yet. (With Promises native to ES2015 that's getting fixed and native Observables are tentative for ES2016 or ES2017 which would be great. Also, now that Promises are native, I'm really hoping for a big Node push towards more Promise-friendly APIs.) The great thing about Observables, though, is that even though exception handling is more complicated as you first learn it: it's a lot more consistent as you get used to it than the callback/event-handler world. That said, I do think Cycle swallowed exceptions it shouldn't have early on (especially without good browser dev tools support) and seems to be getting better at console.loggging them if not propagating them through observable streams as sometimes it should. My fallback is still Knockout as well. It has served its role, with its very basic observables, very well over the years. This seems like a great start. Hopefully they'll get good looking Windows and Linux themes together as well. All of the technologies here, including Photon, are open sourced under commercial-friendly open source licenses (the MIT license being most common in this space.) Electron is a "competitor" to NW.js (previously known as NodeWebkit). It was developed by Github for their commercial and non-commercial applications. There should be no concerns about using these things in commercial projects. But you don't have to take my word for it, all of these projects have open source repositories, most of them on GitHub, and you can check their LICENSE files for yourself. The "hallway with lanes"? The thing that isn't obvious at first glance (but is more obvious in further design depictions) is that it is setup like a miniature version of a typical street in which to the immediate sides of the bike lanes are "bike parking" spots and on the far sides of those spots are pedestrian "side walks". It seems like a fair design to me. In a nutshell, React encourages you to build applications with unidirectional flow and a mostly immutable style of data handling. React, however, mostly focuses this effort on the View. Cycle extends this encouragement to the entire application architecture and RxJS is its means of doing so in a consistent, reasonable way. Pros to Cycle over React is that it is truly more "Reactive" in the best of ways, and in a way that is easier to work with (RxJS has a standard set of operators for building and composing reactive Observables that are shared with other platforms). Cons to Cycle over React is that you lose "the Facebook effect". It's much more a project of love than of big enterprise and so it's a bit harder to learn and a bit more complicated at first glance. (That said, RxJS itself and all the Reactive Extensions libraries have gotten a lot of corporate love from companies as diverse as Microsoft and Netflix.) http://reactivex.io is a great reference site to learn more about RX. http://cycle.js.org of course also has a very strong explanation of what is and how it expects to work. The whole point of the conceptualization is to explore what cities/buildings might be like if we built bike-first. Of course it's not "practical" versus the cheapness of first floor bike garages. It's meant to be a vision of what we might do if we rebuilt things from first principles. Certainly you could do both: have a good lift to your floor in the evenings that you could ride your bike into and then in the mornings coast your way all the way down as a fun way to start your day. Some people would even appreciate the extra uphill climb every day as an easy way to stay fit in their own home buildings. Another thing to note here is that the conceptualized buildings are a lot wider than they are tall. The impression being that even if you had an elevator to your floor you might still want to ride your bike to your unit as the floor itself will be long enough to warrant that sort of thing. Again, the goal here is to question design principles and it is a fair and interesting design because it asks questions about our assumptions. We currently don't build buildings more than a quarter mile wide because once inside them we assume everyone has to walk. Thus we tend to build taller buildings instead. Shorter, wider, ramp-like buildings are an interesting idea and this concept gives us a vocabulary to discuss them. Do I expect to see these in cities any time soon? Definitely not. But it is still a neat design worth discussing, especially if it allows us to re-question old city design assumptions. By "fair design" I don't necessarily mean "practical", I'm implying "interesting" and "conversation starting" and "worth examining/talking about". Also, the specific context here was "Given semi-protected sidewalks this design seems to provide equal access to both bicyclists and pedestrians". You do have some interesting questions here about hypotheticals if one was to try to build something like this. Yes, these hallways you would probably not want to carpet if you expect people to ride in them with dirty bikes. They'd probably be something easy to clean like concrete or tile or plastic. I think that children playing would probably get priority over bicyclists much as such things happen in neighborhood cul-de-sacs. Also, if there is some explicit ownership of the "bike parking spaces" in front of/near a unit then I absolutely would expect people to use them as they see fit, including things like planters, assuming such things don't impede the other uses of the hall (biking, walking). Most buildings consider hallways common space that units have no ownership of. There's nothing wrong with maybe giving some ownership to part of a hall. It could add to the sense of community of the building. (In my own condo building our car parking spaces are owned by unit owners, so our spaces will sometimes get used as temporary workspaces or child toy storage zones when our cars are out parked on the street, so long as we don't block other spaces and stick to our area. If I decided to set planters on my space while my car was in the shop, I certainly could.) I don't understand how health care "economists" can even imagine that Doctors are fungible commodities. Last I checked we're still using actual humans for the task, we haven't invented good, working medical droids just yet. From that perspective of course people aren't going to shop for a Doctor like they shop for a dishwasher: most people pick a general practitioner/family practitioner based upon their social culture. How many people's GP is an old friend or a family member? People develop attachments for their GPs. Their GPs are generally a part of their extended community. It's then their GPs that recommend their Specialists, typically through the GP's own social network/community... Shopping for a Doctor as if they were a dishwasher is a bit like trying to shop for a new pet or spouse on the Home Shopping Channel. This seems similar to how focused the American car companies in the 90s and Oughts seemed on Hydrogen Fuel Cells: a lot of it just seemed to be perverse market incentives, including Government research grants, to build proofs of concept HFC vehicles with no actual practicality. That said, at least it doesn't seem to be all Japanese manufacturers as thus far Nissan seems to be fairly transparent that they are focused on electric vehicles. Clearly this analysis would be a flawed approach to take for the American South. Especially given that right now "hot chicken" places are a hipster fad for the "up and coming" neighborhoods. I've gotten into so many arguments about how the first five digits of an SSN for nearly everyone born before 2011 (!), when they switched to a more pseudo-random algorithm, is reverse engineer-able and thus you should never, ever show the last four digits as that really is the only "secret" part of an SSN. This argument is a "fun" circular argument that typically goes "Well, but if we only show the first five, many families can't tell which social is whose because they all look so similar..." "Yes, because it was an algorithm! We should use something other than SSN to identify different people." "But how will people know which SSN their account is connected to?" "Why is their SSN connected to the account at all?" "So they can identify their account!" /facepalm A good majority of Americans have a state-issued driver's license (or equivalent for non-drivers) with a unique identifier on it. I am absolutely surprised we don't use these identifiers more often, especially given that unlike SSNs, driver's licenses in most states don't have "Please don't use for other identification purposes" written on them like SSN cards do. Also yes, IDs are not passwords and should never be used for authentication purposes. This is never "two-factor", it is always a "wish it were two-factor" kludge. Of course, the issue with driver's license numbers is they do change when people move. People like SSNs because they are handed out "at birth" and mostly don't change in a person's lifetime. [ ] [ ] I love the mostly clause here, because they can, in fact, change, and it's sad how much software and credit reporting breaks because of that in-built assumption that person will ever have one SSN. A lot of it comes down to the mapping problem between the messy real world and nice-ish structured things like relational databases. Almost all of the "identifying" objects about a person (names, emails, even fingerprints can change over time/accidents) change with time and circumstance. That's hard to encode in a database or program against, so identity is a harder problem to solve than people would like it to be. People like 1:1 mappings because it is easy to map and report, but those are rare in the real world. There is more than one John Smith. John Smith may have more than one email address (at the same time even). Credit Reporting Agencies are essentially tasked with doing an ad hoc mapping of the vast fuzzy cloud of identifying statistics about a person to a 1:1 report ID. It should be no great shock to anyone that the Credit Reporting Agencies will get this wrong sometimes. Sometimes I wonder if its the Credit Reporting Agencies that should just hand out identification numbers (here's your Equifax Report #, use it apply for credit from here on out; we will no longer provide results without that specific ID #) and stop trying to corral data that will always be wild and untamable. SSNs were never really intended for that purpose and there are a number of problems with using SSNs for that (SSNs have been and will be reused, for instance). I can see a point in having an identification system that spans the country and is easy to use, but SSNs are not (and should not be) it. It's also something unlikely to properly happen in the US due to the state/federal powers separation. (Which is why we have the kludge of so many businesses using SSN for the purpose in the first place...) In such a hypothetical world the main thing stopping you would be that in many cases you would need to provide three such identifiers (Equifax, TransUnion, Experian) to get a full credit report. Presumably that redundancy alone would actually help catch fraud in that world. The "ads" are an opt-in recommendation feature of the Store and/or Cortana. They don't directly make money for Microsoft. (Microsoft still gets its Store cut if you actually buy one of the suggested apps, but it wants Suggested Apps to be a useful, personalized recommender, not a paid featured spot...) If the forced Windows 10 upgrades were not an accident, it wasn't to make money. If anything it would be an attempt to save money and have fewer people on older operating systems that they need to support. If there's a "grand conspiracy" afoot, it should be pretty transparent and obvious by now: Microsoft doesn't want people stuck on the same version of Windows for a decade again (XP). Debian LTS, as one example, is Five Years. It's hard not to sympathize with Microsoft that historically maybe their support contracts have been too friendly, compared with the competition. :) I think most of us wish we can keep our tech debt/maintenance relationships below a decade. (At least, those of us that are not yet dinosaurs like IBM.) I once had an interviewer intentional preface with "I always come off a bit hostile" and I was tempted to just stop right there. If you appear hostile in interviews and you know you appear hostile in interviews because people keep telling you that, why are you even still in the interview loop? Technical interviews are already stressful enough without the added stress of a hostile inverviewer. In this particular anecdote it didn't appear to be aggressiveness that the interviewer could control so much as a social cue/interaction issue of some sort (possibly autism-spectrum) presenting as brusqueness/disinterestedness. (Of course, that's giving said anecdotal interviewer the benefit of the doubt, because it certainly came across, at its worst, as general rudeness and an impression that even performing an interview at all was a waste of that person's time and effort. If that were the case it was even more a question of whether it was a good idea that said interviewer should be involved in interview loops.) I realize in software we have to deal with plenty of people on the autism spectrum and/or with various sorts of social skill deficiencies, but technical question whiteboarding has enough difficulty that you probably don't also want to throw in such a difficult social interaction test in the same interview. (Not to mention that some of these social interaction/spectrum issues can lead to pedantry in a technical interview that maybe biases the technical interview in a poor way.) Yes, DefinitelyTyped has gotten huge and it would be great to at least see npm packages own typing definitions for themselves. Unfortunately, there will still be plenty of npm package maintainers that won't care for Typescript definitions in their repositories and I still think there probably needs to be a more distributed type definition package management option than DefinitelyTyped. (I don't know what that would look like just yet, otherwise I'd probably have tried to build it.) If you don't have time to write a type definition file, there's always the fallback to any type. (I tend to start with any-typed things, see any as a TODO marker, and then fill in definitions as I have time, interest, or need.) declare var SomeGlobal: any declare module 'some-node-module' { declare var m: any; export = m } Also, hopefully more npm package maintainers will start to add typings directly now that TypeScript searches node_modules. I've been using semicolon-free Typescript a lot lately (and really liking it that way) and its transpiler is ASI (automatic semicolon insertion) aware so it ends up adding the semicolons back into its JS output, which you can use as a safety net if you are worried that you don't quite have a handle on ASI. That said, JS ASI is not much different than Python/Coffeescript newline rules and if you are comfortable programming semicolon free in those languages there shouldn't be a reason that you should feel uncomfortable going semicolon free in Typescript and/or JS. The nasty issues are in fact mostly the same as Python/Coffescript. Typescript isn't exactly a pseudo-language. It looks just like JavaScript with Flow annotations. In fact, Typescript is intended to be JavaScript + Type Annotations, so it's just as "native" as JavaScript + Flow annotations, with the addition of some Babel-style ES6 transpiling as well. The only difference is the explicit build process versus running the transforms in browser, and I've seen projects use the Typescript compiler (itself written in JS) as their in-browser transpiler (SystemJS supports it as a first-class transpiler option alongside Babel and Traceur, even). Side question: when evaluating/updating Monapt did you take a look at any of the "Fantasy Land" compliant implementations? ( https://github.com/fantasyland/fantasy-land ) Persona is not deprecated. It was moved to "community ownership", which is not "deprecated" just as much as the average open source project is not deprecated. It's a bit like saying that if Red Hat stopped paying it's developers to work on the Linux kernel then Linux itself must be deprecated. I wish more sites would use Persona and so I'm heartily disappointed to hear someone expecting to strip it out of an existing usage. (Aside, I gave a presentation on the subject, for what that is worth. http://blog.worldmaker.net/2015/05/13/mozilla-persona-talk/ ) I had some success in loading Mozilla's JS library asynchronously (using RequireJS in that particular application) after initial render/dom-load. That certainly mitigates some of the performance issues. (You'd notice even more of a bit of a slowness in the UI picking up if you were already logged in on page load, but that is more and more common on the internet these days, for many of the "SSO" authentication systems, so I don't consider that much of a problem.) Also, from your waterfall you've posted here, most of the Persona stuff is happening in background/parallel anyway: the big slowness in getting to render start certainly appears to me to be your fonts more so than Persona, which is what I would expect to see. That is, I'm wondering if you are scapegoating a bit here as the impression that I get looking at your waterfall is that you won't gain as many milliseconds as you might think by removing Persona. The article gives me the impression too that originally it was assumed that some of the thread-safety guarantees of the underlying tools (libgit2, git) were enough. Today's browser development preference/"wisdom" is to always include the unprefixed CSS even if you include a vendor prefixed version. The reasoning for this is the realization that maybe vendor prefixes were a bad idea all along. For better or worse, there are a bunch of -webkit prefixed CSS terms that will likely live on the web "forever". So the decision has been (by Edge and Blink [Chrome, Opera], at least) that instead of vendor prefixes browsers should use experimental flags (that are off by default) and unprefixed CSS. (This way devs can still test and evaluate new features, but are much less likely to litter the web in the wild with such experimental features as they'd have to explain to users how to turn the flags on.) Of course today's wisdom may also be tomorrow's folly and the winds could change again, but I think a lot of us would prefer to forget that vendor prefixes ever happened and not worry about prefixing/autoprefixing/prefix-fixing ever again, so I for one appreciate today's wisdom. Even if we do find weird edge cases in Apple's choices with regards to vendor prefixed CSS. Why fallback to just OpenID Connect? You could use a multi-pronged approach to prop up BrowserID using (continuing to use) OpenID Connect as bootstrapping fabric. Maybe along these lines: * Merge the login.persona.org fallback login provider and Firefox Accounts (grows both userbases!); you'd probably need a nice path forward to FxA users with Persona-supported email accounts, but that may just be a matter of selling "Connect your FxA account to your Gmail account for easier password management; Here's how FxA will (not) use your Gmail information"; (worst-case you need to figure out the BrowserID protocol changes to allow individual email opt-out to a different provider. Maybe easy enough to do in the case of the bridge providers to Gmail/Yahoo as login.persona.org is already mediating that...) * Use the Firefox Accounts "brand" for the fallback provider; this gives potentially a needed distinction between the fallback provider and the platform/tooling (so long as you can do user acceptance testing to maybe avoid confusing users), so that Persona OpenID Connect as a developer brand and FxA as the consumer brand * Setup an OpenID Connect proxy to Persona/BrowserID and call that the "Login with Firefox"... A proxy could drop in to existing OpenID Connect workflows, but really be a wrapper around the BrowserID navigator.id. With Firefox Accounts as the main fallback this is still seen as "Login with Firefox" button This would require fewer changes to the auth code of existing websites (drop in next to your Google/Facebook buttons), but then as people get used to it you can start to encourage websites to "skip the middleman" of the Proxy and directly use Persona/BrowserID navigator.id to back that "Login with Firefox" button. Maybe the only twist here would be a way for other browser manufacturers/plugin-providers to play in this space and keep the branding friendly. An idea might be to add a navigator.id.branding spec that if implemented could override "Login with Firefox" to show a "Login with Chrome" or "Login with Edge" button. The trick of course there would be balancing site CSS abilities and browser branding abilities. Doing so, however, would further reduce the need of consumers to know/learn/interact with the Persona brand and at that point they are just associating that button as the "browser login button". On the other hand, if FxA is the fallback provider it seems fine to just always have it say "Login with Firefox" and it may be less confusing that way, but with the original goals of BrowserID it might be nice to have it be browser/plugin-configurable solely for that reassuring "Login with my Browser" feel. BrowserID wasn't intended to place your identity in the web browser, it was intended to place your identity manager/authentication agent in the browser. Your identity under BrowserID is whatever email address you wish to use, and BrowserID as a protocol is about A) how to verify that the user controls that email address, then B) how to cache that verification in the browser so that the user can easily reuse that email identity across multiple pages/sites. The login flow for Persona/BrowserID is essentially "Which email would you like to use for this site?" and let you use the same email for just about all of them or keep multiple identities, as many identities as you have email addresses you care to use. > No normal user is going to jump through the hoops necessary to turn experimental flags on. That's the feature, it's not a bug. It's a technical debt issue for the web. Some of those early -webkit prefixed CSS features changed between when the prefixed version was introduced to Webkit and the final spec. Because enough of the old version exists in the wild on the web, the nonstandard versions effectively have to be supported forever or someone's aunt's favorite website mysteriously breaks. Ultimately the change here is to trust in the standardization process. We, as the web development community, can solve the root cause problem: standards take too long from proposal to "recommendation". We don't need to use the hack of using experimental/prototypal/unfinished features for years, if we can speed up the process for features the web wants. The benefit of a little bit of patience (or the usage of smart polyfills) with respect to the latest and greatest features is hope for a better web where we can all spend less time worrying about cross-browser quirks like which vendor prefixes are supported/not-supported and whether or not they use some ancient nonstandard form. Real coders use Papyrus just as their ancient Egyptian forefathers before them. EDIT: Free obfuscation security from over-the-shoulder glances for the real coders that code in Wingdings. Did you take a look at those Intel binaries they wanted on the PATH? They are all diagnostics tools that so far as I know aren't very useful to the average developer, much less the average consumer. There really doesn't seem to be a reason for Intel to add them to the PATH, because how often do people make support calls directly to Intel? I just remove the Intel folders from my PATH (every time one of their drivers resmashes them into the PATH). The preferred way is App Paths [1], it's just that there's not really a good UI for that and most people are used to Unix-style PATH environment variables so a lot of software depends on that that maybe doesn't actually need to and a lot of installers are built for that because the person building the installer didn't find the App Path tools but did find the Environment Variable smasher. [1] http://blogs.msdn.com/b/oldnewthing/archive/2011/07/25/10189... Also the fact that for compatibility reasons the CMD shell doesn't do App Path-based lookups, but in some ways that is an implementation detail (and what "start.exe" and its PS equivalent are for), and something that only really impacts shell-using developers. Wouldn't it be better to just implement W3C Recommendation Pointer Events[0] and its touch-action CSS control and to stop trying to kludge things based on viewport META tags? [0] http://www.w3.org/TR/pointerevents/ The word "git" is a Britishism for "idiot"[0], which was actually an intentional choice for the VCS. Git, by design, is not meant to be the smartest VCS on the block, it's just meant to be the one that gets stuff done. Darcs is the "smart" to git's "dumb" and Pijul is exploring if you can have "smart" without sacrificing "fast". There's still plenty of room to explore possible new VCS possibilities, just as we continue to explore things like programming language possibilities. Also, it doesn't necessarily have to replace your existing VCS. Maybe a project like Pijul helps to develop the theory into practice that becomes an amazing new (backward compatible) backend for some future Git N+1 version, for instance. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git_(slang) Git is a representation of history as a directed acyclic graph (DAG) of commits full of trees that are the state of the repository at the time of the commit. That DAG is strictly ordered (commits point to their parents and this is part of their identity so changing a commit parent makes a new incompatible commit). Darcs (which predates git, by the way) represents a repository as a loosely ordered set of patches (just the changes, not the full state at any given time). Darcs works to know how to rearrange patches in time to create new states. The difference/benefit to this approach is best illustrated with cherry-picking: in Darcs it is very easy to state that I want the patches my fellow developer created for modules X and Y, but I don't think he's done with module Z yet so I'm going to skip those. The patches can be interleaved and recorded in any order and Darcs will do all the hard work of figuring out how to grab just the ones I want, and do so without changing the physical identity of those patches (they are still the same patches my coworker developed). When this works, and it works 98% of the time without an issue, it is a wonderful magic. (Contrast this to git cherry-pick which builds new commits and is likely to have future merge issues with the commits it was built from, even those commits are somewhat "the same".) Pijul is an attempt at getting some of the same magic of a patch-oriented approach (and smarter patch merging) in a post-git world. Also, it's definitely early to talk about switching to Pijul. VS Code shares a lot of code with the IE11/Edge F12 Dev Tools and it's great seeing the performance gains in both over the last couple years. Yeah, I don't think Star Trek meshes with CBS demographics right now. They'd likely end up with NCIS: Star Trek Edition. That said, I probably wouldn't mind a young adult soap opera Star Trek for the CW network. The issue with CBS' digital efforts is that they are a strange island unto themselves and Star Trek alone is unlikely to get too many more visitors to their island. They really need to consider a partnership with Netflix, Amazon, Hulu, or something left field like Vudu or HBO Now. But of course they are stubborn and probably won't. (Does it make financial sense to anyone right now to spend $5/month on just CBS shows when the same could go to most of a Netflix or Hulu subscription with a much broader content base?) To be fair, some of the movie issues could be a question of the influence of the other "Bad Robot" collaborators. I've come to the decision to never pay to watch anything ever again that Damon Lindelof has been given the last writing pass on, for instance. Certainly, it seemed to be JJ Abrams pushing the heavy action "Wish-It-Were-Star-Wars" schlock of the films and on the flipside it sounded like Kurtzman was the only actual Star Trek fan and the voice of Trek reason in the first film (and too busy with the end of Fringe to do so for the second). Fringe too is a possible reason for hope, but the science still seems out on how well Kurtzman works alone without frequent collaborator and fellow Fringe showrunner Orci. (That said, I'm running on huge cynicism for this Star Trek project and my expectations right now are indeed rather low.) What's with all the downvotes? Was it the CW comment? If so, are the downvoters not currently watching CW's Flash? That sort of light-hearted, inter-personal drama-fueled show would work for Star Trek, I think. «The way I think it should end is for software engineering to be separated from computer science at the university level. ABET-accredited BSCS programs are practically that already, but most CS programs don't give a crap about ABET.» The deeper problem is that most of the industry doesn't seem to care about degrees, much less ABET accrediting. I have two ABET accredited degrees (BSc, MEng), but that doesn't seem to matter in the slightest to a large number of the companies that I've applied to/interviewed with. The bootstrapping problem here is that accredited degrees and licensure don't matter until companies say they matter and companies won't feel they matter until other companies decide to start requiring them. In my current job I've started to see first hand a bit more that I previously saw as to how accreditation and licensure matter to other engineering fields and what that means, and it is eye opening to compare to software right now. «Beyond that everything else is either "shove html in a web view" or the xamarin approach which, and please correct me if I'm wrong, is closer to the approach of QT in that it renders all its own controls.» Xamarin uses native components, in a similar manner to react-native. (Or more accurately, the other way round, Xamarin pre-dating react-native.) I also wish react-native or NativeScript would actually provide/finish Windows Mobile/UWP support, but I'm not currently holding my breath. (That said, at least Windows supports JS as a native build stack so maybe you don't really need react-native/NativeScript to support Windows, you just need some glue scripts...) URL Shorteners (particularly the ones that support "friendly naming") can sometimes be used to give simpler URLs to "deep links", particularly for inclusion in things like presentations or printed materials where the person may need to type in that URL from memory or a non-digital reference. For instance, suppose I want to send people to this Ask HN question. I could include on a slide: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10521663 I could use a shortener with "friendly name" support, let's call this example fake.ly: http://fake.ly/shorturls In this way, it becomes a "keyword system" for deep-linking. If my slides use a consistent URL shortener, then all people need to take away/remember from particular examples is the set of "keywords" they are interested in and which shortener I used. Certainly there are other options in this space (QR codes, for instance), but shorteners with friendly names just work in any ordinary web browser, no need for a separate app. So far as I've followed Xamarin it has always been about native components, but they've not always been great with marketing that. The waters are also muddied a bit in that they have their Xamarin.Forms library now which is an abstraction layer over top of the native components (but at the end of the chain, still defers to the native components to actually do the work). It's easy to confuse Xamarin.Forms with a non-native toolkit, but it too is just a wrapper over top native tools. Additionally, there are many reasons you might want to commit work in progress code that doesn't/won't parse correctly to a "proper" syntax tree. While there are certainly workarounds (pseudo-trees for "malformed"/"unfinished" sections), there's entire neighborhoods of bikesheds to paint there. (Amongst the major compilers thus far the only ones I've seen invest useful time in mostly unified intermediate syntax trees is the Roslyn compilers for C#/VB, often compilers don't care but Roslyn had the opportunity/drive/interest to try to merge a lot of editor support directly into the compiler infrastructure.) (Aside: I built a cool proof of concept for what I think is the most useful "smart middle ground" here, which is to use syntax highlighting lexers (tokenizers) for a useful effect in creating smart character-based diffs. Syntax highlighting lexers are designed for intermediate code and with output as ordinary character diffs you don't have to bikeshed a universal token stream format. The tokenized diffs were cleaner and faster than the equivalent non-tokenized character diff. https://github.com/WorldMaker/tokdiff if anyone wants to play with it.) But the fun benefit of Smart's posts here are just the layers and layers of beautiful schadenfreude irony of multiple pots calling kettles black. Also, with BC3K as the benchmark, Roberts could still beat Smart and if he doesn't, it will be hilarious. I think the takeaway here, as with most data problems, is be careful what you are indexing and why/how. What file systems optimize their indices for is not necessarily what your data needs indexed. In this particular example, because (among other reasons) users tend to prefer folders with smaller numbers of files, most operating systems naturally optimize their indices for that use case rather than folders with large numbers of files. Also, upgrading to NPM >= 3 is a big deal for storage space as it flattens node_modules by default, which means fewer duplicate copies of some of the shared libraries you use. (It also means fewer long path issues for us Windows users.) This is a pet peeve of mine as well. There's no need to commit commented out code to source control and if you aren't using source control, use source control. If you still feel the need to do it, it is often the sign that maybe you should spend some time to learn your source control tools better (particularly history exploration and annotation tools) or find one that is easier for you to use and/or that you can better trust to do its job. JavaScript (Cordova for the time being; possibly something like React Native down the line) due to cross-platform reach. You can setup a credential manager in git and don't have to continue supplying credentials with HTTPS repositories. For instance, I commonly use this one on Windows [1]: https://github.com/Microsoft/Git-Credential-Manager-for-Wind... [1] Although currently marked as pre-release, this is a fork/successor of an earlier one that was fairly rock solid, now with a better installer. The "pre-release" tag here mostly is with respect to the new 2FA support. You can random walk the social graph as deeply as you want to: click on a contributor to a repository, then explore a repository they've also contributed to, then click on a different contributor in that repository, ad infinitum. Indeed. I'd say there is surprisingly little correlation between computational complexity and how a human experiences complexity. A similar example, is that we know that 2-color match-Ns (and some further generalizations therefrom) such as Tic Tac Toe, Connect 4, and even wilder variants like Lumines have solved, polynomial solutions and machines can play them better than humans ever will. Humans will probably play some of these games forever, and its still a continual surprise to me how many people don't know the generalized Tic Tac Toe solution, much less that the only way to win is not to play. Lumines will probably remain interesting to humans for a long time for those orthogonal reasons such as timing and accuracy (and music). But the interesting comparison here is to Tetris which we also generally know to be NP-hard as a direct relative to the generalized packing problem. I would think that to a human both games "feel" equally complex and yet in terms of computational complex you have easy solved algorithm in Lumines and computationally hard problem in Tetris. Lumines certainly feels at first glance to a human like an equal to the packing problem, even though it is not. Depends on the language. Some languages the core contributors are active enough across the language that you can get a very wide view of the projects happening in that language. Certainly it will never be as efficient as a flat list, but it can still be useful for finding interesting things. As with most such things, your mileage will of course vary. There are credential managers out there for things like the the Mac OS X keychain and Gnome keyring. So yes, if you've already got SSH keys in play and you aren't dealing with (corporate) firewall issues for SSH protocols then that is often going to be convenient, but the point is that credential managers are out there and are equally convenient (work just like the ssh-agents you rely on) for those (stuck) with HTTPS or who don't need SSH keys anywhere other than git(hub) repositories. Also, I'd almost take that wager. There are a lot of Windows developers these days on Github and/or Github for Enterprises. I don't think Windows developers have made it into a majority yet, but I'm guessing there are a lot more than you think there are. "Hipsterism", perhaps? Of course classic English words like "snobbery" or "contrarianism" probably also apply. Right, I also don't think it can be underestimated the useful power of Bootstrap's documentation: it is very well put together in terms of being a largely well organized palette of options with copy and paste code directly beneath living examples. It's much easier to point non-front-end developers and junior developers at Bootstrap's documentation and tell them "find what you need and use that" than with many of the alternatives. Admittedly semantic classnames are nice to haves, but they become a vocabulary you have to teach others, whereas Bootstrap has built a useful enough shared vocabulary and strong enough documentation on it that it is rather reliable across the spectrum of developer skill level and familiarity. VB6 versus VB.NET is a worse historic pothole of a version change for arguably the same language. Ultimately the Python 2 -> 3 transition has been as smooth as developers make it. There are certainly a lot of transition efforts put in place, such as the ability to import from __future__ some of the 3 behaviors and abilities and some automated migration tools. At this point, too, most of the major libraries today support 3 and there's few reasons not to build for 3 and maybe do a few tweaks to also support 2, if you truly have to. (A lot of good 3 code runs on 2 unmodified and just needing the Python equivalent of polyfill libraries and __future__ imports.) Some of the fracture has been binary ABI compatibility and mini-versions of this struggle can certainly be seen in just about any language with an ecosystem of cross-platform native libraries to support (the brief Node/io.js being an interesting fracture more in that it was resolved so amicably so relatively quickly). But ultimately it's tough to resolve the psychological and political hurdles: for whatever reason there seem to be "die hard" Python 2 fanatics that hate the direction Python 3 has moved and don't seem interested at all in compromise or transition. It certainly doesn't seem to be as strong as the hate divide between VB6 and VB.NET (which will likely forever be a weird blood feud until VBA and VB6 programmers die of old age), but still haters are gonna hate. You probably don't need a dedicated compiling add-on VS Code has a very simple, but capable, generic task running system. If you hit Ctrl+Shift+B ("Build" shortcut) it will launch and if it is the first time you've run it in that folder it will scaffold for you a sample JSON config file with a bunch of examples of how to configure it (and more examples are online). My lay perspective is that it is apparently the other way around: It certainly appears that VS is increasingly "VS Code compatible". A lot of the extensions in the VS gallery have silently been working in more TS/JS code and even some of the "built-in" functionality relies on TS/JS code. (The Typescript compiler itself, of course, has always been self-hosted in VS. The DOM Explorer which can be used in webpage debugging and Cordova mobile remote debugging uses a bunch of Edge Dev Tools code much of which is also shared with VS Code as well. [Which is more reason the VS Code open source announcement is rather wild.]) It definitely would not surprise me if that's an intentional direction in VS and many more extensions and components will start to be built (or rewritten) for VS Code first as TS/JS and then "ported" to run in VS "proper". Of course, I certainly don't know anything of the matter for certain, this is just lay observation of trends I'm watching with interest in VS. Have you looked at VS Code's Task Running [1] support yet? It takes a small bit of config work up front and I've not used Geany so I'm not sure if it directly compares, but I've certainly found it to be useful. [1] https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/tasks http://microsoft.github.io has a giant list of things worth exploring. Napster and WinAmp both would like to remind you that huge brands don't matter (and mostly don't last) in music. I've been in the habit of leaving sourcemaps in the production drops for this reason that by it's nature it's not exactly secret, even if the code isn't strictly "open source": if someone is that interested in the non-minified version they are likely to use a deminifier anyway and obfuscation isn't security nor copyright law enforcement. Plus it's also selfish and lazy to leave the sourcemaps accessible (thus the business case for it): as much as you work to prevent having to debug things in production, you will almost always need to debug things in production. Sourcemaps are great. «Similarly, whatever happened to progressive enhancement?» In one word: Frameworks. In more words: Building HTML in two different places is typically not very DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself) and if you are assuming a lot of very dynamic content that want to update on the fly from the JS side of things all the way down to micromanaging the HTML generation at run time, well then all of your HTML building moves into JS to keep things DRY. The hope for the future is so-called "Universal" JS (which is interesting in that its kind of circling back to the origins of JS (LiveScript Server) and ASP Classic): now that we have a somewhat standardized JS platform on the server side (NodeJS) we can use the same JS to build HTML on the server or in the client... Persona is not dead, it's just open source community run and underutilized. We could still save it, we have the technology. It's an interesting moral line in the sand you are making. Persona/BrowserID simply reuses the concept of email address as identity (and email host as identity provider). This is honestly already pretty heavily cemented in the web (I think the war has long since been lost): almost every website uses in some way emails as natural keys for identities and with the critical overuse of email as the medium for "Forgot Password" login schemes, email hosts are already everyone's de facto identity providers. At least there is more personal choice involved in email hosts, and indeed sometimes direct ownership in paid email accounts, unlike the walled garden monopolies we see in Twitter/Facebook/Google "social" logins. A few of the CAs have in the past offered certificates tied to personal email addresses for cheap as free for years in the hopes that S/MIME catch on. Those are typically fine for HTTPS client certificates too, but the bootstrapping problem is essentially the same for both. To date no one has really managed to get certificates easy enough to use for the average lay person nor adoption common enough for a lay person to need to overcome the learning curve. You don't trust your email provider? Today your email provider is already implicitly your underlying IdP for almost every website you visit that uses that email (if it has a "Forgot Password" button that sends you an email, your email provider is your IdP). All Persona attempts to do is make that implicit assumption an explicit part of that email's identity, and even tries to make it somewhat more secure than sending random tokens via often insecure/semi-secure SMTP channels, as most "Forgot Password" systems do. Ultimately yes, if you want to sign in to a website with your email address you typically have to trust your email provider. This is true on the web almost universally with or without Persona. Why is any IdP required by Persona? Identity protection and reuse across browsers are two big reasons. If I want to say that I am/use the email "wm@example.com", Persona tries to verify that I actually have access to that email (can sign in to my email provider, or can do the classic click a random token link in an email cycle if my email provider isn't supported). I could imagine choosing to describe one's diet as Mid-Victorian solely for the bonus points it would earn one at the next Steampunk meetup. «By the way, neither identity protection nor reuse across browsers does not strictly require IdP.» Technically correct, but it makes it a lot easier at a practical level, especially for non-technical users. Users have trouble remembering passwords, key management is seemingly beyond most users. So too are systems like the "web of trust" model of key identification much to complicated (and onerous and time consuming) for the average user. IdP is the best bet we have of at least somewhat decentralizing trust decisions in a way that is user friendly. «With Persona you trust a very specific third party - some email provider. You trust it to behave and you trust it to serve and stay so for as long as you need your identity.» This is not a requirement of Persona. You can use any email you like with Persona and it's not a platform requirement that user accounts in a system be one-to-one with email addresses. It's certainly possible a site using Persona can very easily tie multiple identifying emails to your account. It may not be likely that a lot of sites would do it, as one email, one person is a rather generally accepted identity world at the moment, but it's also not far fetched that the replacement for the "Forgot Password" button in a hypothetical universe where Persona is the only option is a "Associate another email address to your account" button. «However, if - for example - you have an identity asserted by a keypair» But what good is this assertion? How do I as an application provider trust your assertion? At bare face value an "identity asserted by a keypair" is a fingerprint, a boring hexadecimal hash. I don't know very many people that associate themselves as "fe:02:aa:45:c3:d0". You could self-assert an email address or a name/pseudonym, fine, but as an application provider I can't make any assumptions about the contents of that email address or name/pseudonym and the only trust I have in it is "your word". You could use web of trust assertions, but again we get into the bootstrapping issue of "web of trust is hard" and "users don't want to have to do it". The same goes for all of your hypothetical key management: yes, you can manage a key on your own cognizance in any number of ways. Ultimately, most people just don't want to. On the flipside, Persona too has more options in this space for IdP management and key management than maybe you've given it thought: There's a Mailinator-based IdP that will sign any key request from Persona for pseudonymous identities (while even maintaining the application provider assertion that the email is valid and accessible to that user). There's the ability to do IdP delegation from a domain, using a file on my website to choose which IdP I trust right now, which can easily change over time. (Static HTTP sites on custom domains are cheap as free, including Github Pages as one option.) There are more ideas out there and you can reasonably approximate whatever half-finished idea you have for your own key management system with Persona given a little bit of time and elbow grease. If you don't think that emoji is an expressive language then you may have missed a few years of internet history. ;) Some of the dead languages in Unicode arguably were never "real" languages and history disputes if they were actual written forms for a language or merely local doodles. Their relevance to Unicode is apparently there is so much academic work still trying to sort out said history that papers are written all the time with those dead symbols. (For all we know, some of them may even be ancient emoji. :P ) The difference between "formal" and "informal" is a fuzzy zone. It's almost like we're making up all of language as we go along. Unicode seems like a fine place to standardize our growing need for emoji. Also, for what it is worth, all of WingDings is also in Unicode and has been since early on. My only criticism with emoji in Unicode is that I do think it means that Unicode should reconsider its stance on previously closed proposals for constructed languages like Klingon and Tengwar and maybe dedicate a section somewhere outside of the basic multilingual plane (BMP) for them. I made an argument toward that point in the post itself that you may have gotten the expressions from it without even realizing it. You even quoted part of it. To be fair, I did it a bit old school which might have made the argument blend in further to the background and also because HN strips the applicable Unicode. Who blocks deep links into their personal blog? Do think they might need to put up a paywall because they could suddenly become the next New York Times? I am very confused by this. I'm frustrated by the sticky bar designs on a bunch of websites as well. I'm even often frustrated at some of the other "subtle" fancy on-scroll behaviors and parallax effects many designs are also doing. It's one of the reasons I like that Edge has made the "Reading View" button prominent on the desktop now as much as it has been on mobile IE/Edge for quickly getting a clean reading layout without even needing a "read it later" app. «Not a single mention of Vista» Given Vista's reputation, I'm willing to bet Microsoft doesn't feel a need to address the few Enterprises who are stuck on Vista SP2 until its support ends. I'm curious if anyone knows a company that plans to ride out Vista SP2 until its support ends. Seems like most companies did the XP to 7 hop (and are currently hoping to ride 7 until it sunsets). This IE "change" isn't so much an abandoning of their long held policies as clarifying them and fixing some wrong assumptions companies had made in the past. Microsoft's support policies for the OS components has long held that what they will provide (extended) support for is the most recent Service Pack version that has kept up with Windows Updates. For various reasons, companies have tried to take advantage of the fact that IE is an OS component to qualify it for extended support and also taking advantage of the concept that IE updated/versioned at a slightly different pace from Windows Service Packs to assume that they could claim the extended support timeframe for an individual IE release as if it were entire OS versions. The amazing thing is that Microsoft took this long to correct what should have been an obvious mistake: that IE versions apply like other Windows components and they should only need to support the most up to date one for that OS version. The kind thing here is that Microsoft has taken ownership of that mistake, publicly admitted that they made it and that the fix was coming, and given companies more than a year and a half (and advertising to that effect, such as the site linked here) to adjust to the fix. The impression I get from this site and similar blog posts: IE 11 ends with Windows 10. Edge the Browser isn't classified as a Windows component, to my knowledge, and so also shouldn't classify for "extended support" like IE has in the past. It certainly sounds like the intention is to drop IE entirely once Edge has feature parity and user adoption on its side. (Things are a bit trickier when talking about EdgeHTML the Renderer which I would think is a Windows component still, given that it runs some of the Windows Universal Platform, but here also the benefit of forking it from IE is that they can keep the support policies clear from day one as opposed to having to fix up things after the fact like they did here.) With regards to AMD: SystemJS is a polyfill for the ES2015 module loader designed to remain a set of plugins to said module loader should a browser actually start to implement it. The plugins include the ability for the ES2015 module loader to directly load AMD and CommonJS modules, thus none of the legacy AMD is technically lost and you also don't necessarily need something like Browserify/Webpack in a build process or Node-style modules (CommonJS). JSPM is a package manager for SystemJS and for the most part it can be fairly straightforward to move from Bower to JSPM. With regards to Typescript: I don't think it is a "dead end" and I definitely think you are wrong about the future of it. Typescript has been relatively careful at keeping "an eye to the horizon" and having some idea of the "forward compatibility" of its features. For instance, the module format in Typescript was built before the ES2015 standard finalized, but the final standard was surprisingly close to what Typescript used and nothing necessarily required being rewritten and it was very easy to clean up the old style incrementally if you did feel like being particular about using the final ES2015 syntax. I feel like the same can be said about Typescript's type annotations. They are definitely informed by ES4 ("the lost version", what forked into ActionScript, sort of) and in turn, yes, the Typescript team is certainly influencing the standards to possibly add type annotations to the EcmaScript standards ("this time for real"), or at least a Python 3-like approach where type annotations are safely ignored by browsers when left in the code. At the very least, if ES standardized type annotations are suitably different from Typescript there will presumably be a Typescript transpiled output to it (just as the old Typescript module imports get output correctly when targeting ES2015), and you can even use that output to bootstrap your conversion to the new syntax (thanks to Typescripts attempt to remain a pure superset of ES). It varies with different games on Steam. Steam doesn't require its DRM, so some games have no DRM, even when installed by Steam, which is great. More critically, though, Steam also doesn't require its DRM be exclusive so some games are protected both by Steam's DRM and something else, where that something else may have its own weird requirements before launching a game. By parity here I do not meant "exact same feature set" or even really "equivalent feature set", but "enough features to get the job done and feel like a real browser". For instance, Chrome-style JS extensions (~plugins) are coming soon enough. Beyond that, if an enterprise has not gotten the message not to build LOB applications as browser plugins and not to build for one and only one browser model any time since IE6 has been deprecated, then IMNSHO they deserve what they get when IE11 dies as the last "IE". Given the support timeline expected for Windows 10, enterprises have presumably roughly a decade of extended support to adapt before IE dies. Really hope enterprises are paying attention to that (but of course we know a bunch will not and will complain in ten years about lack of support and those of us that got the memo today can proudly mock them then). Possibly more confusing, but have you played BioShock? It's kind of an Objectivism Pitfalls for Dummies. Ayn Rand founded/advocated a strong, determined branch of Libertarianism called Objectivism. In an over-generalizing nutshell, it's a philosophy, often economic, of individual freedoms over community needs (a strong negative over-reaction to bad socialism). Good point, and one that is lost in a lot of modern political discourse. I once had some very cool discussions with a (very) early fan of Objectivism, when it was more a religion than a economic philosophy, and his perspective on what the modern Libertarian Thinktanks have done to co-opt Objectivism was fascinating. Unfortunately for him, although the economics adherents have lost a lot of the nuance of the original Rand vision in addition to the stronger religious views, they certainly haven't fallen that far from the tree and have kept the religious sort of fervent devotion to their version of its ideals. I was also hoping that maybe at least they might officially take ownership of something like Mozilla's Shumway "Flash in HTML5" runtime and helping existing Flash users migrate away from Flash the plugin. I think there has been a shift in recognition of what a browser is: at the time Microsoft added IE into Windows, Netscape was still a relatively large company with a vested interest and browsers were seen as commercial products. Microsoft argued that the future of the browser was not a standalone product but an operating system component that would be a requirement for an operating system moving forward. I do believe that Microsoft was ahead of the curve in that forethought, and that in retrospect Microsoft was right and the world was changing out from under Netscape's feet. But I also don't blame people for questioning that at the time, the internet was young and nascent then and we were still feeling out which "apps" on it, such as the web, would be ubiquitous services that everyone would need access to. (I'm much more angry about the similar XP-era decision that anti-virus was not a core operating system component, to appease some greedy companies, and I'm glad the statute of limitations on that mistake has passed. Go, go, Windows Defender.) Apologies for the side rant, but wow, that seems way too condensed for my tastes. One of my few complaints with FiraCode is a feel like its too condensed (and compensate by upping it a point over what I tend to keep Consolas at). It's kind of surprising to me that in this day and age of 4k monitors with crazy large dpi that Condensed is still a selling point for code fonts. As cool as a matrix green screen full of inscrutable characters looks in film, we've got modern tools to organize and navigate source files and can actually afford whitespace these days. We no longer have to optimize for volumes of code per screen and most of us are no longer paid by line of code, we can work smarter than that. Hah, just this sort of confusion is part of the proposal to drop ++ and -- from Swift. x++ returns x and then increments it, so yes the spec agrees with your intuition here. Whereas ++x increments x and then returns the incremented x. That subtle difference between x++ and ++x has been the debugging nightmare of many a C developer over the years. It's also why there's a fun irony in the C++ name and why people say the actual successor to C will be ++C. Well, in practice if more files had resource forks more tools would be smarter in how they operated on them, including making sure not to lose important forks. > HTML upload form The idea of a file doesn't change with resource forks: you upload the file as a whole and the thing uploads. Just as humble and simple. The onus is on the browser on the one side and server on the other not to drop the metadata. The only other change might be in rare cases you might want to upload only a single fork in the file instead of the whole file. The old Mac Classic file picker had a way to this for advanced users, and there would be nothing stopping you from adding such an advanced option to any other file picker. > or Git Actually, something like git could probably make good use of something like resource forks if given the chance. For instance, the git pack format is essentially a relative to the resource fork format (a collection of a bunch of smaller objects wrapped into a single file). In a world of practical resource forks everywhere, you could presumably attach something like git packs of files to themselves, which could give you the benefit of a file being its own source control history without having to truck that information along as its own files/directories. (In which case you get the benefit of using that humble HTML upload form to much more easily upload a file and its entire source control history, rather than needing a dedicated git server... admittedly there would be performance trade-offs there though.) I found it interesting too when looking at it from the lens of Inform 7. The reasoning that E-Prime gives to avoid "to be" is largely the reasoning that Inform 7 works very well with its multiple uses of to be. Primarily in that the "god-like objective" sentences make sense when authoring establishing facts in a world state ("The house is blue."). Well, I made the wrong assumption in what was being asked then, I guess. I would presume the "left to right" rule is more generally assumed knowledge in C/C++ than postfix/prefix distinction of ++/-- which are pretty much the only unary operators with such a distinction in the language, whereas "left to right" is a rather underlying general rule and one in which you generally assume people are familiar with. My apologies for answering the wrong question, but yes in that case the standard is also mostly clear that you can assume that things are evaluated from left to right in C/C++ and thus the first x in the line should be evaluated prior to the x++ later in the line... «Are you suggesting some other consequence of this case, leading to stagnation of IE development?» I think that you could see a lot of optimistic excitement from Microsoft in the idea of merging IE into Windows just prior to the antitrust case. There were experiments with using the HTML renderer everywhere in the OS from widgets (the "Active Desktop" thing) to applications (HTML Help, even the HTML usage of Windows (now File) Explorer)... Admittedly today with have mixed opinions of such experiments (and their often poor performance), but it is hard not to wonder what could have happened had Microsoft invested fully into that combined Windows/IE rendering platform had they been less afraid of the antitrust repercussions... We're finally starting to see HTML/JS/CSS "everywhere" application toolkits (it's a vertical slice in the "Universal Windows Platform", and then there's efforts like Electron and Cordova), and it's interesting to think that maybe some of that would have happened sooner in a world without that antitrust lawsuit. (Certainly the counter is that it would have been less standardized, but I don't think that is necessarily the case, either: it would have largely have been different standards though.) Enumeration order was indeed (finally) added to the ES2015 spec. Here's a link to the release candidate spec for the [[OwnPropertyKeys]] algorithm: https://people.mozilla.org/~jorendorff/es6-draft.html#sec-or... In addition to the other answers many of the ISPs provide their hardware on essentially a rental model. The benefit to that is that if you complain loud enough they'll replace it on their dime: the detriment is the same as with any rental though, typically they overcharge you versus what you would pay if you bought it yourself. Your mileage will probably vary, but I've certainly saved money in the long run owning my own equipment, even paying for my own replacements versus storm damage and similar. It's fun when you get the opposite too and they follow their support scripts regardless of your 3rd party hardware and above average knowledge of the subject: Support: On your hardware, do x. Me: Did it already. It reported "Y". Support: Please do it again, following these scripted steps [what don't match my actual hardware]... [I pretend to follow along.] Me: Done. It reported "Y". Support: Oh, well then... I think the thinking has become that while there are many great libraries out there that do some sort of observing changes in an object, it isn't general enough to be a language feature. There was a lot of disagreement on what the observable system should look like and how it should operate. For instance, some of the data-binding frameworks though the proposed spec for Object.observe was too heavyweight as they often don't need every change on an object. At least for the time being it seems like this sort of thing is still better handled by library choice. Personally, I felt like Object.observe should have used something more like RxJS Observables than events, and that a base class similar to the RxJS Observable would be great to generally add to the language alongside Iterable and Promise. Several of the libraries out there (including maybe the polymer "polyfill" for Object.observe, observe-js, although I haven't actually checked) use the ES5 tool Object.defineProperty to convert the members on an object to have observable semantics. There is also the new ES6/ES2015 Proxy class that can be used effectively and efficiently for the sort of meta-programming of wiring up an entire object for observation. That said, there's also the tried and true methods of doing things "manually" a property at a time. Knockout and its observable functions remains rather efficient with a very long tail of older browser support. I have seen that and IMHO I think it is something that ES should adopt. Just as Promises can solve the callback mess I think Observables can do a lot to solve the event mess, and given how deeply important events and event processing is to ES (hi DOM, hi EventEmitter), I think that could be huge. (In the meantime RxJS is great and moving at a good pace, but deeper language support would encourage other people to explore it beyond the already converted cultists like myself.) Seems like a strange use of GitHub issues to me. I guess part of my confusion is that you get a very similar preview experience directly in the repository if you add/edit a file from the GitHub.com interface. I've been using this as my "CMS" for a while and have been fairly happy with it. This works well for me as I've not had a problem sticking to the vanilla Jekyll and GitHub's supported plugin list, allowing GitHub to build my blog for me on commit and thus allowing me to commit directly from GitHub.com when I wish to. (I think that maybe some of the tools like Octopress have obfuscated the fact that vanilla Jekyll (and GitHub supported plugins) is really all you need for a decent blog platform...) I think the only thing missing is the "drag an image into the file" feature and I personally haven't needed that, but then I don't often include images in my blog posts and when I do they are often already in a sharing service like OneDrive or Flickr. At the moment Phillips refers to traditional-style bulbs as Hue and less traditional lights such as the Bloom lamps and LED LightStrips as "Friends of Hue". There certainly is an interesting question if they would start adding third party vendors to the "Friends of Hue" list, but right now its still a first-party designation for Phillips, so far as I've seen. Thanks for the charitable interpretation. It certainly is possible, IIRC the first Hue bridge was on the cutting edge of ZigBee and it is possible to imagine that it didn't quite get the standard exactly correct. Whatever the reason, this is an interesting hiccup in the Internet of Things. If you are building your own Zigbee bridge you could use Phillips and Cheaper than Phillips lights all together. The change here is that Phillips has declared that the Hue bridge is not intended to be a generic Zigbee bridge and is focused on Hue (and friends) lights. The benefit to having it in the same branch/associated with a specific branch of code is that it makes it easier to have those issues and notes represent the current state of that branch and as you merge branches for that information to similar flow across the merges just as with the associated code. For example, say you fix a bug in a specific branch. If the issue is being tracked inside that branch you can mark it as fixed in that branch, and then checking if an issue is fixed in a given branch is a matter of checking the issue state for that branch. As you merge that code change to other branches, the flag that the issue has been fixed presumably flows with the merge as well and you have an easier time of telling the particular state of any given branch. > And of course it's not a software issue Funny thing though, but that AC/DC converter is manipulated by firmware activated by a wifi protocol. If the fire only starts when the converter is activated into its highest conversion rate in a particular sequence by certain commands sent across that wifi protocol and those commands are being chosen by a user of an app on a mobile device two rooms away, is that a software issue? It's certainly a gray area. Technically, the right is not gun ownership, but the right to use guns in a well regulated militia. Gun ownership is a privilege and it amazes me that as a country we entirely seem to have collective amnesia on the "well regulated" parts of the Second Amendment. Not to mention that at the time of the Second Amendment's writing gun technology was primarily limited to muzzle loaders. If you want to argue that modern cartridge loading guns get grandfathered into an "ownership right" implied by the Second Amendment, then lets argue that drone technology is also a new technology development that is equally likely to fit within some auspices of the right to bear arms (or the right to a free press in view of camera drones) and thus is equally a so-called "defined right". My attempted point was that modern interpretations of the Second Amendment vary greatly from the actual wording of the Second Amendment and that the supposed "defined rights" people think they have is an interesting modern twist in the story, and thus could be used to argue for "drone rights". Pointing to a 2008 SCOTUS decision in which handguns were explicitly redefined to fall under "arms" and that several clauses of the amendment were seen as "superfluous" seems to only amplify that point I was trying to make. Thanks for the help. An issue with this contrived example, as well, is that Rx has an error flow at the stream level, so typically you are more likely to build things similar to: userActions(combined) \ \--u1-----------------e1--X \--u2---------------------------e2--X \--u3--... \--u4--... \--u5--... \... e1 \ X While you could do your analytics message on the combined diagonal stream, you'd probably want to do it on the horizontal streams. CycleJS, which is based on RxJS and smaller than most of the "full blown" frameworks and SPAs, I think has a good approach to code organization in its MVI (Model-View-Intent) documentation: http://cycle.js.org/model-view-intent.html For a couple of projects I'm working on I've been slowly iterating towards one sort of deeper formalization of Cycle's MVI, but I haven't published any of that work yet. RxJS will automatically dispose/unsubscribe in composition scenarios: for instance, if you flatMap from one "underlying" observable to a sequence of observables, when you unsubscribe from the "underlying" observable it will observe any remaining (if any) hot observables that were kicked off by the flatMap. RxJS also automatically disposes resources when an observable completes and maybe that's a part of what you are missing in the observable lifecycle and part of why you've felt that RxJS has an equivalent of "manual memory management"? Yes, lots of streams are effectively infinite in nature, but that doesn't mean that all of them are, and a completion signal can still be useful and informative, including in lifecycle management. (It also helps keep the duality between Enumerable/Iterator worlds and Observable/Observer worlds.) One obvious case that I see a lot in applications where finite streams/observables show up in great number is that Promise (Task/Future) is essentially an observable that produces one result and completes. Thus far I've only had to manually dispose a single RxJS observable, and that turned out to lead me to a better composition strategy and I got rid of the manual dispose. If I'm working in a REPL I set things up to "naturally complete" with some useful sample set, just as if I were working with potentially infinite enumerables. In RxJS that would typically be something like myObservable.take(5). Indeed. Now that the Astral Plane has opened up, I think it is past time for Unicode to reconsider its decision on conlang alphabets and include things like Klingon, Tengwar, Aurebesh, and similar. I suppose coming up with criteria for conlang alphabet significance might be complicated, but certainly similar scholarship qualifications might be used as some of the dead languages. The Japanese "import" was a one-time occurrence and a standardization and unification of existing defacto "standards". It's not terribly different from the much earlier import of Wingdings into Unicode. Moving forward new emoji have to follow proposal tracks like anything else and "some Japanese handhelds" have no more pull than anyone else; in fact at this point it seems like the intersection of Microsoft, Apple, and Google seem to have the most skin in the game in making proposals and verifying them and the three tech companies may be biased in there own ways but obscurity is not one of them. Oh, I personally am absolutely pro-emoji! It's very much a useful allocation of the astral plane and great to see standardized. I'm just saying that prior to Unicode 6.0 and the addition of the Astral Plane conlangs (constructed languages, ie the fun things created by fantasy and science fiction authors and fans and world builders) were rejected as "out of scope" for Unicode and so far as I know that rejection hasn't been reconsidered since the Astral Plane reopened. They would fit well in a block of their own not far from the emoji sectors. The interesting part here too is that the interests of adding these character sets is closer to the academic world of dead languages than the commercial interests of the tech world and emoji. Supposedly "unlimited" vacation with an annual required contiguous minimum can work. "Must take at least two weeks off sabbatical at least once a year." I would imagine you have to be careful to keep that "required minimum" from feeling more like a punishment than a necessary pressure release valve, as with any "mandatory fun" requirement. Very interesting. I'm curious if some of the particular cases of this are an accidental "ReCAPTCHA effect" as those get filled out with no surrounding context plus whatever context the user brings to it (programmers/mathematician-trained brains mentally prioritizing pattern matching nth over 11th). Certainly anecdotally I feel I've made the lith and nth 'mistakes' in ReCAPTCHA attempts. I used it on an old Moto Razr for a while back in college when that was my daily driver. Address is still in my phone copied from SIM to SIM to Cloud (shortcode 40404). On an old iPhone with just basic speech to text abilities I would sometimes use Bluetooth to "text twitter ..." and that worked. (Nowadays we got our Siris and Cortanas and direct app integration, but that "text twitter" is still sometimes a more reliable voice trigger than "tweet".) I still often turn on SMS notifications for accounts I want to specifically hear from or events I'm attending. Also, I feel like "Tweetstorm" are also closer to the raw metal of how people actually think out loud (or at least anecdotally how I tend to think out loud), building from the last thought a small fragment at a time. To some extent that's what I appreciate about Twitter is sometimes capturing the raw point-to-point (scattered) thought process over blogs where one has a tendency to expand, revisit, and rewrite, obscuring the thought process but building a better narrative in the result. I like the idea of going back, "merging tweets" into a collection, and then writing a narrative on top of it, connecting dots and building revisions that complete it as a "post". I guess kind of like Storify. Rate, Rate, Rate, Radian, and Ratio? What worries me is that that this mirroring also applies to the erection of giant walled gardens as well. It seems curious that this current bot-bandwagon has exploded after the XMPP interoperation world imploded. Different APIs now to build bots for Slack, Facebook, Google, Skype, etc... Hashing .exe names is way too much work. Since Vista Microsoft has provided an opt-in way for a game installer to optionally flag "Hey, I'm a game". This was used for the mostly useless "Games Explorer", but also little bits of other functionality. Also, the Microsoft Store has an entire category called "Game" and can just use that. Worst case though, by "game" it might just use the Window's Xbox app's determinant for shortcuts like Win+G which is essentially, from what I gather, "Does it use DirectX? y/n". Certainly the US attitude towards smiling has changed with regards to camera technology. I'm too lazy to look up primary referents on the subject right now, but long shutter times encouraged people not to smile to avoid grotesque photos and then as shutter times got faster photographers began to eventually "mandate" smiles to prove that they had better cameras until eventually it was weird in the US not to smile in a planned photo. I think a big driver here is "ecosystem of tools" and "simplicity of forks". Git tools are increasingly ubiquitous and easy to find. While a good Wiki engine has a concept of document versioning it can vary from Wiki system to Wiki system, whereas the git repository history logs and annotation tools are well standardized and provide multiple choices of options of tools to browse such things (both programmer-centric and some more "friendlier" tools). You can edit the git repository online in Github and the tooling isn't all that different in experience from a Wiki to a less technical contributor, whereas a technical contributor can also grab the git repository using a tool of their choice, edit in a friendly environment (IDE/emacs/vim/etc) of their choice. Simplicity to fork can also be important, and beyond just the Github-provide "fork" option, but in general of push/pull communication between "wikis". Wikis typically are stored in bespoke database schemas and import/export from and between them can be a pain. Git is entirely built around (programmer) collaboration and has protocols for pushing/pulling between repositories. This can make it easy to fork repositories, of course. (Compare to, for example, the Wikipedia world where when sections are "shut down" just about the only well clustered option to preserve them is often Wikia with its somewhat complicated import process of the peculiar MediaWiki XML format and some use of mostly documented public APIs. For smaller Wiki engines than MediaWiki sometimes the only way to migrate data is a raw database dump.) Further more, at the intersection of "ecosystem of tools" and "simplicity to fork", a wiki like this on Github is "just a folder with a bunch of Markdown files". Push it to Github and Github builds all your Markdown for you and displays it (and allows you to edit it) in a nice, easy way. Push it to Bitbucket or Visual Studio Team Services or Gitlab or any number of other providers and you get much the same web-based view. You get some choice there between definite competitors. You could add a table of contents and turn it into a Gitbook or Leanpub book (and other less well known competitors in the book from a git-backed folder of Markdown files space). Furthermore, you can always just grab the git repository locally and build the Markdown yourself (again, using any number of command line tool options or IDEs that you prefer to use). Also interesting here is a common American use of the place name La Grange/Lagrange being a reference to Lafeyette's home castle (as opposed to the mathematician from whom we get such concepts as Lagrange Points). The DOJ statute of limitations preventing AV from being an OS component has run out, so now, properly, AV is again a background OS component and the third parties are more and more proven to be snake oil salesmen. I'm presuming Windows because "not very technically inclined" but at this point when I help such people it's mostly a matter of A) verifying UAC is active and at or higher than the default [1], B) verifying Windows Defender and Smart Screen are active and up to date (Windows Update). In every case I've seen of Windows Defender or Smart Screen being disabled or out of date it almost always seems to be the fault of a "security product" the user was talked into buying (especially the Norton Insecurity Suite). Defender and Smart Screen together silently but capably do their job at handling the main issues for a not very technically inclined person's systems and I find the harder issue is convincing them not to install games from disreputable sources (random poker websites, the weird shadows of once sort of reputable places like RealArcade and WildTangent) that install irritating adware and occasionally spyware, short of "taking away the UAC keys" and forcing them to call me to type in an admin password to install software for them, which I don't have the time/inclination to do. [1] If a not very technically inclined user complains they see too many UAC prompts they are probably doing something wrong and you should help them figure that out. Persona is the easiest one I've worked with, including usernames and passwords, because getting that correctly working with the best practices of 2015, even with built-in support in most frameworks, is and will always be a PITA, and heavily dependent on fragile DB schemas specific to a given framework's whims. I think that usernames and passwords are "easy" is something of a sunk cost fallacy, both for developers and users, and we tend to forget how much time and effort we "waste" on this year over year. My password manager is up to hundreds of different passwords I use, and I know a lot of users these days whose "password" starts with the now ubiquitous "Forgot Password" button (which is its own headache to setup and get right), as they are okay relying on the relative security of their email address over the fragility of their own memory. Persona has been great and I do hope that we figure out as a community how to move forward, whether to some "v2" or to figuring out how to break the chicken/egg adoption dilemmas. I've wondered if a mistake with Persona was not trying to push it faster through W3C, WHATWG, OASIS or similar working group as a browser standard. It seems interesting to me that this was clearly a goal for the project (what with using navigator.id and everything) but it doesn't really look like there was much momentum to push this forward into any of the big "web apps standards tracks". Particularly with the successes in things like Cordova and React Native/NativeScript helping to standardize "app features" like geolocation in browsers, things seem to be heating up in the web-based "apps" arena and maybe there is room there for pushing something like BrowserID as a useful "apps platform feature"... For the moment Passwordless ( http://passwordless.net ) seems like the next closest option in terms of not storing password systems and keep auth work minimal. It doesn't have the "single sign on" benefits of cross-domain authorization that Persona could have provided and it does still require you to run your own SMTP or SMS connections (as opposed to relying on login.persona.org for that). It certainly sounds like people are considering alternative providers to login.persona.org if you wanted to keep using Persona/BrowserID, but I'm not sure how well received any of them might be without a good branding stance like Mozilla Persona mostly [1] had. [1] Arguably it is a failed brand at this point with almost no consumer recognition, but still better than no brand. I like the idea of maybe pursuing a extension-first plan for the next attempt at BrowserID. Some thoughts: - There have been Persona extensions before for at least Firefox. It will probably be important to learn from them, even if I'm sure hardly anyone tried to use them. - Edge's extension support can't come soon enough. - The issue I could see with extensions is it is harder to trust the verified email addresses in "fallback" situations. The chicken and egg bootstrap problem here still seems to indicate that you still want some sort of trusted notary. Maybe a simpler fallback provider that is just a state-less "passwordless" (passwordless.net) proxy that would be easy to clone and some way to create an actively maintained whitelist of trustworthy clones? - While we're looking at "extension-first", maybe find ways to make use of the browser's SSL client certificate infrastructure? Obviously, if you could build a good UX for bootstrapping (email-only) client certificates you could finally help people make good use of such an old, underutilized browser feature. It's interesting too that KEYGEN is now listed in the WHATWG spec as deprecated. Apparently what little interest there was in trying to standardize this has already somewhat fizzled out. Presumably the impetus is that if you fix a bunch of small things in a single commit it might be easier to compile the list of small things you changed by noting them as comments as you fix them rather than trying to remember them after the fact when it comes time to write a commit log for that commit. That said, philosophically I'd personally prefer to just commit the small features individually as a set of small commits, therefore you get a better git blame/praise experience with the end result, but I realize there is a wide spectrum of preferences on commit size and style. An existing user logging in is such a boring metric compared to a new user signing up.~ Right, hence the sarcasm mark in my post. I think it's a weird tendency for people to care more about their overall user count as some success indicator and focus their UX so much on onboarding new users to seeming disinterested in existing users. Things like "User Satisfaction" and "are my users happy with my product" are a lot harder metrics to get right and I think that's part of why they get discounted by investors/shareholders over raw growth numbers which can have a big, easy "wow" factor in a presentation graph... I was curious about that, and that seems a fair reason, but it doesn't show much interest in client-side encryption if it has been rejected without favoring some new proposal. Office Lens [1] is great for this. I use the Windows Phone version all the time. It does things like glare reduction on whiteboards and then Office Lens can save it straight into a new page in the OneNote notebook of your choice on that device. In my experience's OneNote's notebook synchronization is pretty reliable in partially connected scenarios (ie, working on one set of pages on my phone and another on a laptop and eventually seeing all the changes get merged as both connect back to the network). [1] Google Play Store: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.microsoft.... OneNote's format is an open specification, under Microsoft's open specifications promise for Office: https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd924743(v=office.1... I think the issue here is orthogonal end goals: 1. An organic/"rapidly" changing format does indeed make it harder to "keep up" if you are building a contemporary "competitor" application. 2. However, for archival purposes it shouldn't matter how rapidly/organically the specification changed in the lifetime of the document, so long as you have an adequate specification snapshot from somewhere around the last modified state of the document. (Or presuming, as you should be able to even with Microsoft's standards, a standard that maintains a heavy bias towards backwards compatibility in document reading, only the final specification.) Admittedly, we can't entirely anticipate the headaches of future cryptarchs, but an open specification I do feel is sufficient for archival purposes. «If the reader implementation itself has been lost to the ages, or perhaps the implementation is not runnable on contemporary hardware, then I worry that the specs alone may not be sufficient to reimplement the reader.» For archival on an apocalyptic scale, I don't expect future readers to read nor care at a high fidelity/"lossless" form of some of my documents. Certainly for my own notes to myself, I hope it is sufficient that future readers may get the gist of my scribblings from what they can scrounge out of a document based on specification snapshots (or even just scrounging for readable strings that seem vaguely Unicode like). I suppose there's an off chance I might do or say something that makes me a remarkable specimen to future histories and they may be interested in a deeper study of my works to the point of attempting high fidelity recreations, but I am alright with leaving that as an exercise to them. (Why spoil all their fun? :) «I'm concerned that ASCII will be a readable data format in 50 years.» A) I am amused and also not entirely surprised at such a pessimistic timescale. I'm not quite that pessimistic most days, but I can certainly see that perspective. B) I'd certainly like to hope that the efforts we've paid into Unicode will prevent future string data encoding wars and that ASCII will be seen as the degenerate form of Unicode that it is these days. I would hope that specification snapshots of Unicode should be sufficient to future programmers for millennia to come. C) In the event of such an apocalypse that even decoding ASCII (much less Unicode) is a huge endeavor, I fear that most hope is already lost, regardless of file format or media type... «First off, I love the term "cryptarch".» Indeed. One of the few things the videogame Destiny has managed to beneficially provide to our society is this little bit of useful jargon. I've never liked ReSharper, have felt that the "advice" it offers is often over-rated and seems commonly to be wrong for C# (not unexpected given that JetBrains primarily focuses on Java outside of ReSharper, I feel like ReSharper is a Java developer's approach to C#). These days what's baked into VS and the Roslyn compiler platform blows ReSharper out of the water. Just about everyone I've worked with that had daily complaints about how slow and laggy they felt Visual Studio was didn't seem to understand that ReSharper was 99% of the slow-down, excessive memory use, and UX lag... Do you have Windows Update turned off or set to not automatically update, by chance? Windows Defender automatic updates come across Windows Update. .NET Core wasn't exactly built for cross-platform, that seems to be a (very welcome) side effect. The big deals for .NET Core (versus .NET Framework) is that it is: A) Open Source (yay!), and B) Componentized (.NET Framework is a giant monolith that roughly followed Windows versions; .NET Core is a set of libraries that each can independently iterate with semver). The new componentized nature of .NET Core (and the other *Core projects here) is really the big deal here, even without the added benefit that it is Open Source and cross-platform. The benefit for developers to switch to .NET Core (or to support both for the time being) is that you are a lot less reliant on/restricted by the version of Windows your users or servers are running. With .NET Core now things like even the System namespaces are now available as semver-versioned NuGet packages that you can upgrade as a developer, rather than wait for your users to upgrade their Windows version (or install a massive .NET Framework upgrade), or your corporate server to upgrade its Windows Server or .NET Framework. This is especially great for ASP.Net developers as it makes it easier to run servers and easier for your applications to run on whatever servers you have available. It's useful to application developers because .NET Core very much is the .NET supported by the Windows 10 "Universal Windows App" platform, and things like .NET Native are made possible thanks to the componentization efforts of .NET Core. Things are getting more confusing today briefly on the road to getting better. The new `dotnet` CLI is on its way to becoming much like the `go` CLI as a one-stop-shop for a lot of your IDE needs, cross-platform and easily accessible from your favorite command line and/or code editor. It should be the case soon that you can `yo` up a new web project (or use some other generator tool if you don't like Yeoman) and then `dotnet web` straight into a simple web server. Also, at its face OWIN is a lot simpler than it seems. It's simply the name of the "middleware protocol" in modern .NET web applications, similar to the Connect versus Express confusion in NodeJS land in that Express uses/provides "Connect-compatible" middleware, ASP.NET uses/provides "OWIN-compatible" middleware. Maybe that helps a little. «But promised, once transpilers are good enough, once I can use a good, strongly staticly typed language, once the APIs are stable and the tooling becomes tolerable, I'll join the SPA side.» Typescript is a plenty good enough, statically typed language that transpiles to whatever flavor of JS/ES you need, including ES3 if for some reason you are stuck supporting IE As for API stability, it largely depends on the SPA Framework you want to try. Yes, the problem is that there are so many to choose from and some of them do wonky things like reimplement the old GUI message passing loops and call it progress. If you want my biased opinions on SPA frameworks: These days I use CycleJS when I get the choice, as it is simple, gets out the way, and built on top of RxJS for true reactive programming. It's simplicity provides a very small API overall and thus a considerable amount of stability for said API because of its smaller surface area. If you need something a bit more time tested with the broadest classic browser support, I think Durandal (Knockout-based) is a stable, well worn SPA framework. Having used Durandal in the past I admit that Aurelia, it's successor, is likely to have a similar stability, as it matures. TL;DR: The transpilers are good enough if you give them a shot. Typescript is a great statically typed language for the web. SPA APIs are crap shoot, but there are good options out there, especially if you stray just a tad out of the way of the hype trains. Admittedly there aren't a lot of places to take a Smalltalk-inspired language, but my big question in skimming this is: what does it intend to solve that, as the big example in the Smalltalk-inspired space, Io ( http://iolanguage.org/ ) does not? I've yelled at most of my banks for cold calling me exactly like that. My response is, "Can this be corrected online? Otherwise, I will call the 800 number myself and if you could provide any specifics that might speed up that next call I would appreciate." In the past I've also sent letters to bank security teams not to cold call and ask for personal details. One of my banks actually switched to a standard recorded message that ends in a "Please call our 1-800 number at your earliest convenience." Better. It seems a bit more inception-like than your numerics betray... The driver ring 0 is now a deeper dream than hypervisor ring 0. The connective fabric is that Microsoft has always been investing in VR, or at least AR/Holograms: the Surface Table/PixelSense was a step towards physically touching digital spaces, the Kinect was a step towards physically touching digital spaces, the HoloLens will be a step towards physically touching digital spaces. All of those steps have learned from the past steps and build on sensors and software built for the previous step. (Crudely, the Kinect moved the table's sensors into a platform that could be attached to an Xbox and the HoloLens is now strapping those sensors to your face.) I don't think that Microsoft is missing out on the VR revolution: I think that all this time Microsoft has been trying to baby step/bootstrap their way towards some very cool things. I think it's useful to take a step back and appreciate the incremental/evolutionary approach Microsoft has been taking here. I still think it's kind of brilliant that MS/MSR was able to use gaming to commoditize the Kinect (what was a lab's worth of sensors is now available in every Wal-Mart for a reasonable cost). Sure, maybe there would be a few "smart" companies that do a proper cost-benefit analysis and decide to budget for a faster upgrade cycle or that bigger chunk of change for decade upgrades... but most companies would file it as a problem "for somebody else" in a decade as most companies don't even seem to think past the next quarterly earnings report. Or you can use import and the simple pattern of: declare module "somelib" { var somelib: any export = somelib } Also, Typescript type checks the JSX. This was the big thing that convinced me to start using TSX was typed views. (I've not been using React, so I've been using preserve behavior and Babel to feed the Virtual DOM library I am using.) This clickbait title had me briefly concerned, but the only message here is that sales are low, which isn't entirely unexpected or surprising. Insider previews seem to indicate that Microsoft is still investing in making Windows 10 a strong platform on every device including mobile, and I'm very interested to see what this year's development starts to bring... (Happy Lumia 950 user.) I've not used it myself (yet), but Prose Mirror ( http://prosemirror.net/ ) is the one I have bookmarked and has been featured here on HN in the past and seems to be very full featured and from the demos it seems flexible everything from the full WYSIWYG-style editor that some users may want to this sort of simple toolbar over a Markdown field. I've heard [1] that you can go into Device settings for the pen/handwriting-recognition and set it to left handed and it will get better at ignoring the touches from your hand to the left of the pen. [1] Not left handed myself. From my perspective, a lot of the "quality control" issues with Windows 10 on the phone remind me of some of the early issues with the first Windows 10 release on the desktop and how a lot of them got smoothed over by the first big update ("Threshold 2"). I definitely expect the next big update ("Redstone", a codename I find exciting) should deliver a similar impact to mobile. The benefit to the new continuous delivery approach that Microsoft is trying with Windows 10 is that we see results faster, but of course the detriment that goes hand in hand with that is that we also see flaws faster/more often. Prior to the 950 there wasn't a clear new "flagship" for nearly two years, of course it had a year over year decline. Again, this isn't new or surprising information. The possible news here is that the 950 probably isn't selling as well as we (happy users) would like. The app situation doesn't really concern me as a happy user, and I realize I'm in a bit of a minority opinion there. First of all, there is not a single "killer app" I feel I need and/or am missing out on. Mobile websites are largely reliable for most of the "app" things people need, and most of the major apps exist. Sure, some of these aren't seeing the updates they should be, and it does amuse me that Windows 10 Mobile is the last bastion of fave stars in an official Twitter app, but the UWP should help straighten out a lot of that sooner or later [1]. People are using the apps on Windows 10 Surfaces, laptops, and desktops, and devs should soon get better at realizing that getting a mobile app "for free" from the UWP is a good idea. [1] I assume Twitter, as the continued example, hasn't unified its Windows apps yet because some of the things like the People app integration haven't yet entirely made their way back into the larger UWP ecosystem. Hopefully that happens sooner rather than later. (As a WP fan, I want the social integration for People working on my Surface again.) I'm not sure I was explicit enough about part of my point: Microsoft has very clearly pointed its resources at making the Phone OS the same as the PC OS (the same as the Xbox OS, the same as the HoloLens OS). I think that leverage means that at least for the near future Microsoft has a lot of good reasons to continue to invest in phone, because, finally, a lot of those investments are also investments into the PC, the Xbox, the HoloLens, etc. You said I should be concerned about apps, but I'm not concerned about apps because developers unlike myself that don't care about Windows phones still likely care about PC users, Xbox users, and eventually HoloLens users, et al. If I have concerns it would be with hardware, but the 950 is still new and exciting and I likely have a few years before I start to worry about replacing it, if history repeats itself similarly to my 920. As for "morale disaster", the problem with percentage statistics (as with most statistics) is that it is a kind of lie. Sure, 1% (or more accurately 2-3%) of the smart phone market sounds small and scary, but keep in mind that 1% is still millions of devices, presumably used by millions of people. I don't know about you, but as an engineer I would be ecstatic to know my product was used by millions of people (many daily, many happy) I would certainly still feel that way even knowing that product was in a distant third place. It's a good old fashioned scrappy underdog story, with a chance to make millions of people happy, sign me up. As for the Zune, the "ancient Microsoft adage" is "Top 3 or Bust". Zune never quite hit the Top 3 in what became clear was a dying product category, so bust. Phone is in the Top 3, and barring some weird dark horse appearing from nowhere or a hard Android fork accidentally splitting the market (which seems perhaps more likely), it's likely to remain in the Top 3. I do hope they do something remarkable (and I'm kind of betting they will) to turn around sales on the 950 or bring in sales to new, potentially exotic hardware, but unlike you I don't think that Windows phones go by way of the Zune even if they fumble the ball a bit and don't do something truly remarkable in the near term. On HN I've seen posts from people that have locally installed to their machine all or the majority of Google Fonts. It's kind of a "best of both worlds" approach in that you get a speedier web and all the nice typefaces and I've been debating doing it myself. It almost seems like a useful browser service to possibly cache common font CDN fonts all the way into the system font store and maybe for the OSes to consider adding a lot more of the free as in speech/beer fonts into OS images. I can speak to Cycle, at least. The big deal for Cycle is that it is reactive programming using RxJS. RxJS provides a standardized (and cross-language [1]) "standard language" of working with reactive flows. It's very nice to have a reusable "toolbox" like RxJS and knowing that the skills you put into using it transfer to just about any other language you might want to use (and vice versa, I first used RX in C#). While there are RxJS integrations into React, the benefit to Cycle is that in presuming (and building explicitly on top of) RxJS it ends up being a relatively small "glue library" and a set of documented conventions for RX observables ("event streams"), more than a complicated chunk of "framework code". [1] http://reactivex.io Yeah, I definitely understand the salesmanship "follow the other lemmings" aspect of things. If it helps, I've found that I can sell "This project should use RX for all of these good reasons and its a growing industry standard supported by companies like Microsoft and Netflix..." and if I need to mention Cycle at all directly, pointing out Cycle is just the handy "glue" to bind RxJS to a Virtual DOM similar to Facebook's React... A lot of the Jekyll 3 changes [1] thus far are focused on making the development life easier: faster (incremental) local builds and a lighter, easier to install stack with fewer dependencies (no more native library dependencies out of the box, no more dependencies on Python and Node by default). Correct, nothing really mind blowing if you have all of it already set up and a relatively small Jekyll site, but big news for new users (especially on Windows where the native libraries and multi-language support have been bigger hurdles) and for people with large sites both in locally developing and debugging them and also in Github deployment times. [1] https://jekyllrb.com/news/2015/10/26/jekyll-3-0-released/ At least Jekyll 3 is much, much easier to install in Windows than 2 was. Except that Babel has always ran in the browser, too and "hip code" is a constantly shifting target: ES2016 was just finalized (exponent operator, Array.prototype.includes), and much of ES2015 is already implemented in current browsers, but certainly not all of it and the sets implemented in each browser is different. Hypermodularization should mean that Babel stays relevant with new standards (this month's ES2016 announcement, plus we already have a good idea of what should be in ES2017 with the new "continuous deployment" approach to the ES standards) and doesn't get bogged down in legacy code as browsers adopt the standards. I too am very interested in if they are currently supporting Windows and/or if/when they plan to. I was hoping this blog post would have at least mentioned it in passing. Thanks for the response! I wonder how hard it would be to use the NTFS pseudo-files that OneDrive used in Windows 8.1 (and abandoned in Windows 10 for being "too confusing to the average user")? Also, it's a terrible Plan B, but it's still a Plan B to keep in mind: Windows still has semi-adequate WebDAV views in Explorer. OneDrive for Business is still WebDAV-based for instance. (I've also seen and used several backup and NAS tools that have relied on WebDAV.) There's always the ability to use a SAMBA server variant and be a network share. Still a lot of dumb Windows apps that fail on network shares, but most of those are long in the tooth and should be retired anyway (and the tried and true Map Network Drive is still a power user workaround). It looks like one application I use (JungleDisk) is somehow faking a removable drive (such as USB). I'm curious how they've built that. It's still more testing and science than Highway Gothic ever got before being installed... Certainly we've had decades of real world experience with it since then, but it's fascinating seeing so many people being so critical against Clearview and it's design science versus Highway Gothic, which had far less rigorous a design process and evaluation. Have you considered a career in sousveillance [1]? In High School I read and gave a report on David Brin's The Transparent Society [2] and that still has an impact on how I see some of these topics. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sousveillance [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Transparent_Society I've experimented with a number of them over the years. I even put some effort into my own. Of the off-the-shelf ones, I like the YAML-based ones the best for the artifacts they store in the repository. ditz [1] is the grand-daddy in that space. However, given that the majority of an issue is formatted text, I think the best ones are actually based on a markup language of some sort with an easy to parse frontmatter. The one I built way back when was based on ReStructuredText and used it's nice, easy to RegEx, definition list format as frontmatter. These days I'd probably take the semi-standard "Jekyll" frontmatter approach of YAML+Markdown, and I'm somewhat surprised there still hasn't been a big tool yet (that I've seen) take that approach. (That said, you can admirably fake it with a custom Jekyll collection as-is, so maybe it's something we could build as an interesting template and/or plugin...) [1] http://ditz.rubyforge.org/ Microsoft certainly seems to be trying to combat the OEMs on this front, in so much as they can without angering their third-party partners or bulldozing the PC desktop/laptop markets. Those of us with technical inclination need to be sure to point our family and friends with less technical inclinations to the Microsoft Stores and "Signature Edition" [1] PCs, Microsoft's latest marketing term for unbloated Windows installs out of the box. Some of our friends and families may feel they have a special relationship with an existing OEM, so give them the "Signature Edition" website and have them at least bug their OEM to ship them one. [1] http://www.microsoftstore.com/store/msusa/en_US/cat/category... Also, for that cost I'd love to see it include Fira Code-like ligatures. I've been working with several applications that are Access-based in one way or another. Most of these apps are "ancient". Some of my job is to migrate these apps to modern solutions, but a lot of that depends on project budgets. In my particular case these are really custom applications for data collection and analysis. One wants to be more "mobile first" and another does want to be "web-oriented" to make it easier for users. (Plus, one is VB6 using Access as DBMS and the other is a hodge-podge of Access and Matlab.) I think it's interesting, too, the tail end "If I did it again I might have used OpenStack" and the fact that OpenStack has some early roots in NASA's open source efforts. Also, I find the 18F Open Source Policy [1], which I saw in a recent HN topic elsewhere, seems like a good "default stance" for government use of open source and reiterates some of the same points in the article, and maybe we'll see some of that attitude prevail in the end. [1] https://github.com/18F/open-source-policy/blob/master/policy... As a counter-anecdote: my stupid self-taught style involved my left pinky shifted left to hover/handle the shift/ctrl keys, and thus my right hand travelled a bit more to cover the remaining keys. In graduate school I started to have increasingly frequent bouts of wrist pain and realized I needed to do something or risk major surgery. I took a weekend, relearned touch typing with the Colemak layout, and have been happy I did that ever sense. Fascinating. I've not before this comment seen someone mention Dynamics CRM as "quick development" (and at one point that included knowing actual Dynamics CRM devs, but that was back before .NET integration and the worst excesses of X++ were still plentiful). From my perspective across a number of jobs and project clients, SharePoint installations are rare (and often out-of-date and equally often loathed) and I've never actually seen a Dynamics CRM install in the wild. (I know they exist, I've just never seen one/worked with one.) I admire your use of Dynamics CRM as a hammer for all nail-like objects as a means of job security. It especially bugs me because he was caught in a raid of a porno theater . People act like he was caught in an ordinary movie theater, because the zeitgeist has no room for details. Please. Safari is the IE6 of 2016. That's the big question I have: how well does Vulkan seem to be bridging the divide between API and GPU semantics? Will we finally see a time where graphics drivers no longer monkey-patch per game ? (I'm still somewhat skeptical as the monkey patching is a value-add secret sauce that seems likely to continue solely because it's such a weird competitive thing between the two biggest vendors and a galvanizer for the brand loyalties they try to maintain, but perhaps I'm just feeling pessimistic about the capitalist drives here.) How about: Don't ? It's 2016: we have too many password databases on too many servers. Let's focus more on techniques like Passwordless (passwordless.net) and federation and less on "every website needs to store its own password database", please. «I haven't used windows 10 yet, but I get the vibe that everyone loves it again, because they made the start menu not fullscreen and added some simple prompts to gain access to the functionality that was already there.» They made fullscreen-ing the Start Menu an option (as post 8/8.1, some of us now prefer the fullscreen even on a desktop; with well chosen Live Tiles it becomes a better version of something like Mac OS X's "widget expose", IMNSHO). Also, I think the biggest UX deal that makes Win 10 seem so much superior to non-Power Users is that they moved the search bar from the bottom of Start Menu onto the taskbar itself. (In hindsight, this seems like something that should have happened sooner, and was why people would install some of the nastier adware out there just to get a search box on the taskbar...) Ever since Vista added it, most average users and many Power Users still haven't seemed to pick up on the press the Windows key and start typing thing (which I too have used since Vista), so prominently showing the search box is a big deal in Windows 10. I did a Google Code Search at one point (too lazy to replicate) and found that exact code in a ton of Java files, including what appeared to be still shipping code from the Oracle JVM. Thanks, Java. That's the conversation I think we need to have as a developer community. Why isn't it an option? Why isn't something like Passwordless the new default? From a security standpoint it has no worse a security stance than existing password systems: you have to have a one-time token based Forgot Password system. Humans are extremely fallible at storing passwords and in 2016 it's considered unacceptable a UX to not include a "Forgot Password" button. From that stance, Passwordless is simply "Forgot Password"-only login. In 2016 if you have a password system and a "Forgot Password" system, I guarantee you already have "Forgot Password"-only users. With modern lockouts and password requirements, we've essentially trained entire subsets of (even not-so-forgetful) users to click on "Forgot Password" before even bothering to attempt a password. "Forgot Password" is already, de facto , the "one true login button" on the web. Are we doomed to this miserable UX flow for eternity, simply because it's now the entrenched platform default? The Passwordless approach falls under "something only you have", and does make that the primary approach: tying your login security to your possession (lease) of your email address. Uses the same one-time token system that a Forgot Password or a "Verify Your Email Address" approach uses. Passwordless isn't so much a scheme as a simple quest to revisit basic UX assumptions: why have both passwords and a "Forgot Password" button when you can drop the passwords and only have the "Forgot Password" button? Maybe there will be something new and shiny that will come later, but likely it wouldn't be a replacement to Passwordless, it would be an augmentation or a expansion to it, because really it doesn't get much more simple than what Passwordless is encouraging. The problem is that passwords don't have any advantages and aren't working. They aren't working for us as devs (see the article this is attached to), as password data security gets increasingly harder every year in a war of attrition with black hats we maybe cannot even win, and they aren't working for our users. Users don't remember passwords and they don't want to remember passwords and they have so many passwords they possibly need to remember that they aren't going to even try to remember passwords these days. Power users rely on password managers (and don't even know their passwords; removing it as a "something you know" factor and moving it to "something you have" weakening any supposed 2FA) and average users use the weakest passwords they can get away with and/or already rely almost exclusively on your "Forgot Password" button (or sometimes worse, your "New User" button). It's 2016: passwords aren't working. They haven't worked well for us in years on the web. (Citation: the bundle of new "Please reset your password because we were {breached, forgetful and stored our passwords wrong, found your password in someone else's breach, expecting a breach}..." emails every year that are becoming the new normal.) Passwordless maybe isn't the long term solution, but it's a better default security stance than our existing preponderance of databases storing some variation of large lists of hashed passwords, and its about starting with not lying to ourselves that we are more secure than we actually are. More often than not, passwords are security theater these days and it's time we did something about it. I'd love something more secure and capable than Passwordless (a wish for a distributed federation system that worked and passed mainstream scrutiny and acceptance), but I'd settle for something like the Passwordless approach as a near term solution. I honestly feel like take home tests are "busy work" and just as volatile as any other sort of technical interview for showing actual skills versus a real world environment. 2-4 hours is a lot of time to ask of somebody, regardless of their circumstances. Would you pay a contractor's salary rate for that work? Are these take home tests results worth $100/hour? $40? Every take home test I've encountered I've wished someone would pay me for that time, based on the opportunity costs of what I could have been doing, but maybe I'm cynical and pessimistic. At least an onsite interview typically includes expense reporting lunch, if not dinner, and maybe an opportunity to visit a city or a part of city you are less familiar with and possibly even sight-see a bit. I don't think a phone screen is productive beyond a half-hour to an hour and anyone asking technical implementations over the phone is likely a worse interview than trying to whiteboard things (and that's still far and removed from actual programming). On the personal side, these days I find myself rather skeptical about Google's aims and interests and have worked to slowly divest myself from using their services (that remain [1]), several of which I do worry that I rely on but are on one sort of life support or another. Even as someone that has paid in the past for Google Apps services, I've never really felt like a customer of Google, per that adage that we aren't Google's customers, but its products (to advertisers). As for the culture and work environments, here's my very tiny slice of exposure, for what it may be worth: Interviewed twice last year for decreasingly technical positions. Impression I received was that I was not the hyperfocused autism-spectrum specialist insect they were looking for technically, and I definitely understand why they might feel that way. I preface with that so that you may take what follows with the appropriate grains of salt. Across two trips out to the Bay Area the majority of interviews were still held remotely over video conferencing, which was frustrating because I could have done Hangouts just as easily from home. This seemed to underline a sort of contradictory stance on remote work in the company to me. (I don't know how much of that was due to the nature of the specific groups I interviewed with, but certainly sounded somewhat par for the course given discussions with recruiters there.) I suppose it wasn't entirely a waste of time as I did get to see some impressions of the culture in the buildings themselves. I did not like Mountain View, but largely because I'm spoiled by where I live now and don't like driving and suburban sprawl all that much. The parts of the Google campus I saw seemed nice and happy places to be, but still seemed to be mostly a drive from anywhere interesting before/after work and even parts of themselves. The Google office in San Francisco proper was great and in an interesting part of downtown. It was also apparently woefully undersized, largely due to Google's contradictory unwillingness for bulk remote work from home but allowance for "work from another office" and the number of employees that wanted to live/work closer to SF downtown than commute out to Mountain View. Most of the employees I encountered seemed like good, smart people. I wish I would have had more actual face-to-face interactions. I had one technical interviewer I thought was not very good at social interaction, and I felt that unduly soured the already stressful and ugly reality of a non-face-to-face "whiteboard technical interview" performed via Google Docs and conference screen. I realize that a lot of that comes out seeming particularly negative and sour, and I'm probably an edge case in more than one way in my experiences. That said, hopefully my anecdotes here are helpful to someone else. [1] I was a heavy Reader user and its shutdown did a lot to lose favor from me. These are one-time use tokens, just like you should use for a "Forgot Your Password" email login. It's literally the same steps, just there's no new password to input, the website just gives you a login cookie and you can go about your day. This is no worse a security footprint than the existing, requisite "Forgot Your Password" flow. It's the exact same security footprint. TLS is already an under-spoken requisite of SMTP communications from any webserver doing "Forgot Your Password" workflows. TLS between mail servers is also already a de facto SMTP requirement for most bare minimum spam fighting mechanisms. These tokens should not be able to be reused, even if found in browser history. Additionally, the HTTP flow is to 301 redirect to the user's homepage or dashboard and browsers tend not to bother storing URLs that result in 301 redirects. Links would be one-time-use tokens, just as with existing password reset links. Security footprint is essentially the same as today. It's more "Less is Better"; today for a password login system you need to have and secure: 1. Password database 2. Password UX 3. Forgot Your Password UX 4. Forgot Your Password one-time-use token via email/SMS This drops 1 and 2, leaving 3 and 4 as the remaining security footprint. (I also think that Persona was heading in the right direction and wish it had received better traction.) Incognito Mode, In Private Mode, whatever you want to call it. Browsers now give you a spiffy, hard to miss logo when in such a mode these days now too. Just until a session cookie expires. Session management can/should be much the same as you would expect. The benefit here for you, though, is that you get "free two factor" on these sorts of sites, without those sites having to implement it, simply because you use a two factor email. It's a rising security tide, of a sort. Frequency is also essentially the same: you can request a new login token equally as often as you can request a new "Forgot Your Password" token in that they are both manually requested with only an email address. There are also already a growing number of users that use "Forgot Your Password"-only login (most accidentally; human memory is porous) day to day. Which is not to say that we shouldn't make email better and more secure, but that the security of our email infrastructure is a red herring of sorts in the larger security discussions of "passwordless" login, given that we are already equally insecure in every website that has a "Forgot Your Password" button that accepts anyone's email address. Chrome supports an incognito command line switch you can embed into shortcuts/launchers: http://www.tekrevue.com/tip/incognito-mode-shortcut/ Firefox similarly offers a -private flag: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Command_Lin... Edge does not currently support the same, but there's a UserVoice request on the topic: https://wpdev.uservoice.com/forums/257854-microsoft-edge-dev... It's an interesting full circle, in some ways, as JavaScript was originally envisaged as "LiveScript" to run server side systems and quickly finished/renamed in a rush to capitalize on a quick need for browser capabilities. On the consumer (not "for Business") side of things, I think some of it is the long running experiment to make Skype a platform and merge said platform deeper into the broader ecosystem of apps. With Windows 10 I think we're finally starting to see some of that shake out and some of that improve. It's very interesting seeing the seamless merger of Skype into the Messaging, People, and Phone apps in Windows 10. Having finally figured out the new Windows 10 Skype Video app I realized that I could uninstall the classic desktop app and the Windows 8 version of Skype mobile that is (weirdly) still in the Windows Store on mobile as if it is still a useful app (and in which case it is not), unlike its short-lived tablet/desktop counterpart. You can still see some of the uneven edges: the reason I had to figure out the Skype Video app was that it is the only one that currently supports accepting or making Skype contact requests, before you can link them in People. (I presume that sort of functionality should eventually merge in the People app more directly?) Also, there's still that slight friction between traditional Skype accounts and using Microsoft accounts for Skype that I'm unsure if there will ever be a clean fix. I think that the "Skype Video" should be named something like Videophone to better align with brand-less Messaging, Phone app names, but that's a marketing quibble. I do like the way that SMS messaging and Skype messaging interleave in the Messaging app now. It's nice having only one app for that. I wish it supported merging in Facebook's Messenger as well, but I realize that won't happen for many, many reasons. As for Skype for Business, I think it's been solid since its Lync-branded days. I'm curious if they can get the sort of "platform leverage" we are seeing on the consumer side of things, but it doesn't necessarily need it. If they make it more Slack-like, that could be interesting. You should be able to use this like any other WinRT component in WinJS. SQLite support should hopefully get better now that it has been added to the platform SDK. Also, have you tried PouchDB yet? I've gotten some good results from it. Looks like Platform SDK 10586: https://blogs.windows.com/buildingapps/2015/12/03/windows-10... Edit to add: Believe this is the same SDK included in VS 2015 Update 1. People interact with DefinitelyTyped in a set of ways, from currently most common to least common: 1. NuGet packages, which are built from the GitHub repository but then redistributed over a non-Github CDN (NuGet's) 2. tsd management tool ( https://github.com/Definitelytyped/tsd ), which looks like it prefers Github's CDN raw URLs rather than full/shallow git clones 3. typings management tool ( https://github.com/typings/typings ) with "ambient" typings searches (`--ambient` flag), which I believe also prefers Github's CDN raw URLs, as it essentially forked from TSD That said, it's past time to move beyond the giant huge DefinitelyTyped repo, and I for one heartily recommend people migrate to typings which has better support for NPM and other module and package management systems, as well as smaller unit/module-focused Github repositories. A) From my equally anecdotal experience, non-HTML GUIs are going the way of the dodo as a business investment. So, "primarily useful for developing GUI applications" citation needed. B) Modern MS-RSL "reference source license" is now OSS compliant. The remaining difference between .NET Full Framework's Reference Source and what's happening with .NET Core is .NET Core has moved development to the open and Github as primary development platform. .NET Core is the future and .NET Full is "stable". C) One example: http://referencesource.microsoft.com/#PresentationFramework/... There's nothing stopping you from using the Reference Source today to build your own WPF fork (or, let's face it, you probably mean SWF). You can even start with Mono's existing mostly-there cross-platform SWF or Moonlight codebases and save a bit of time. You know why you don't hear about lots of people doing that? I'm fairly certain it is because no one is building cross-platform GUIs in anything but HTML(5) these days. ...or Xamarin.Forms, which is its own beast and a rather different direction. An impression I have is that it's still easiest to spin up a simple cheap Linux box on many of the server, VM, and "cloud" providers out there. Open Stack for the most part has avoided the question of Windows Servers. Even (especially?) Amazon's EC2 has supported Windows Servers for a while, but it still has heterogeneous pricing from Linux and fewer options... I don't think Microsoft is trying to stop people from using Windows as a back-end server (especially when you look at efforts like Windows servers as Docker container farms), more that they are trying to even further lower the barriers to entry that a small "garage" company can spin up something like SQL Server. Maybe as that company grows past the "cheapest VPS on the market" phase they look to running their own Windows servers or (I presume, better yet to Microsoft) let Azure manage SQL Servers for them... That said, they'd still have to come up with a much cheaper license for SQL Server to entice that "cheapest VPS on the market" crowd, but certainly this appears a step in that direction. Saw it pointed out in other comment threads too that SQL Server on Linux makes it possible to Docker-ize a full application stack with .NET Core today , while you wait for the eventual promised Docker support for Windows containers... This also seems a possible motivating factor. I think this an exciting policy proposal and I'm very interested to see what sort of feedback may result. Disclaimer: Involved in the planning stages for a custom development project under contract for the Army Corps of Engineers. My personal opinion is that it qualifies for this policy and that it is a good policy moving forward. So far I have absolutely no idea of the opinions of my employer, much less the staff we are working with at the Army Corps of Engineers. «The 20-something-year-old doctrine» Much older than that, MMT is based upon turn of the last century American socialist (specifically the Social Credit Party) economic theory, but the red scare nearly eliminated it from American discourse for most of a century. It's especially interesting in that it is especially cyclical with respect to depressions/recessions. Edit to add: Not that there isn't important additional knowledge and theory that MMT brings to the table on top of the turn of the last century theory work, just that it's enough of a direct successor I'd draw the line of history longer. I've been a strong proponent for Typescript since it's original public release and continue to be excited with updates in each new version as well as changes in the larger ecosystem. (The tool called "typings" is a new must have, doing a better job of typing information package manager than previous tools, for instance.) I do think typing in general "lifts all boats" and its great to see some convergence work going on between Flow and Typescript. It's good to see typing work in one help provide typing work in the other. It's also good to think that both typing ecosystems are working to help build whatever the future of JS (EcmaScript) might be with regards to types. Where ES4 failed to top-down add types to the language spec, maybe Typescript and Flow can bottom-up add types to the language spec, even if maybe it just ends up being a sort of "Python typing compromise" where browsers have to accept the typing syntax but don't have to do anything with it. That said, I do think that Typescript is superior than Flow for my workflows and for the productivity gains I get from Typescript specifically. The IDE experience when working with Typescript is fantastic. Typescript's ability to take ES2015 and ES2016 syntax, appropriately downlevel it to ES5 or remodularize it (convert ES6 modules to AMD/UMD) certainly comes in handy and can mean less reliance on Webpack or Babel in your tool chain. (Typescript's new JS input features expand this ability to fill a Webpack or Babel role. There's even proposals for Typescript to help link in CoreJS polyfills, furthering Typescript's ability to do what Babel does for you.) I, too, switched to colemak in my final year of graduate school, because I had bad form in Qwerty and a worrying amount of pain in my wrist. I've been very glad that I switched. Primarily I use Visual Studio. I'm still often asked to use C# (ASP.NET) backends and Visual Studio is great top to bottom with that stack. I increasingly use Visual Studio Code ( http://code.visualstudio.com/ ) for small projects or quick project tweaks and bug fixes. VS Code is just as strong an IDE for Typescript as VS proper. Typescript leans in the direction for increasing strictness one flag at a time in a project, which is particularly fair if you're migrating a legacy project but not always the most sane option for new projects. In this case, too, there's a maintenance burden in that probably a bunch of type definitions files may need updating before this new strictness is usable in some projects. So there's a direct backward compatibility issue with existing Typescript code that will need to be addressed for this new strictness. One of the proposals I've seen in the GitHub issues is that Typescript should at least offer a "Maximum Strictness" option that turns on all of the optional strictness checks together, which would be great for fresh projects, with the assumption that new versions of Typescript present some maintenance requirements for those projects. I would love to see that added to Typescript. I think some of it too is herd logic. Oh the number of times I've gotten a PM or QA to say "You should validate this field in this particular way..." and the only response to "Why?" is "Because everyone does it that way." «I think a lot of the problem with QR codes is simply the friction of using them. I could see them used much more if you could simply open a website by literally pointing a phone at them (e.g. without any setup, opening apps).» Partly why about the only case where I've found QR codes particularly useful is the Xbox One with Kinect. Voice command "Xbox Use a Code" and then hold it up for the Kinect camera, maybe walk it forward a bit. Not a lot of friction and Xbox One QR codes almost all mention the "Xbox Use a Code" voice command. (Remembering the days of the Xbox 360 where nearly every game had at least one packed in code and you typically just typed them in with the soft keyboard and your gamepad, the Xbox One QR codes are a genuine improvement if you have a Kinect, though at this point in the lifecycle pack in codes seem a little less common and digital only purchases a more common preference for myself.) It's natively built into Windows 10 (for certain less technical descriptions of "native"), but you'll have to ask Cortana if anyone knows that, much less knows how use that. I carried the banner for reStructuredText for a while in the "text markup wars", but at this point have mostly given in and switched to Markdown for ubiquity's sake. There are still things that reStructuredText has done for a long time that Markdown could learn from (standardized extensions, for instance). Hopefully, maybe one of these days CommonMark will finally get everybody on the same page, in the future. Kramdown, at least, from what I've seen seems to be the most useful superset of CommonMark. I'd love to see CommonMark updated to reflect more of the Kramdown default extensions. As for some of the specific formatting issues the author found in Kramdown: backtick code fences are supported with the Github-Flavored Markdown option turned on, which now should be the default on GitHub Pages. Smart quotes are also an option you can turn on in Kramdown, although I ended up using typogr.js [1] for this personally. Also, I shuddered at the idea of XML being a "better" alternative to Markdown, but to each their own (blunt force hammer). [1] https://github.com/ekalinin/typogr.js There was actually more than one attempt at a sequel (Payback, Hell on Wheels) which were mostly "cash ins" outsourced by LucasArts and focused on more of the action-y stuff (FPS were just becoming the overriding rage in games) rather than the story telling. Tim Schafer, of course, moved on to Grim Fandango was not involved in the sequel attempts. New rumors are that Tim himself is considering ideas for a Full Throttle 2 once they finishing remastering Full Throttle, but take those rumors with a giant grain of salt. One entry way into the giant rabbit hole of old Full Throttle 2 news: http://www.bing.com/search?q=full+throttle+2+site%3Amixnmojo... For what it is worth, Windows has had "native" JS bindings since Windows 8/Windows Phone 8.1. The Windows 10 store added support for server-hosted JS apps, which was the last puzzle piece in the support system as a lot of web developers still love their existing/preferred server host/backend language/deployment pattern. gx seems to solve this with the concept of "repositories". From the gx README: > gx supports named packages via user configured repositories. A repository is simply an ipfs object whose links name package hashes. You can add a repository as either an ipns or ipfs path. It doesn't solve the repository "discovery" problem, but it does seem conceptually much simpler than trying to use a cryptocurrency-based solution. This is the best synopsis I've seen of the communication breakdown in the thread. All this angst from the lack of a 'c' in the cutesy name of a Yeoman clone... As you point out, RxJS "Next" (~5) should simplify things a bunch. On the other side (promises), EcmaScript standardization is progressing towards getting async/await baked into the language. There's also a slow lag, but native promise debugging support in browser dev tools is getting better. Some of that too is making sure to switch to libraries that take advantage of native promises when available (still a lot of promise libraries in the wild that are not aware of native promises). Following the Dispute Resolution Policy [1], NPM would have been CCed on the entire chain. This is tl;dr item #2 right at the top: «2.Email the author, CC support@npmjs.com» Given other context in the exchange, I would give Bob the benefit of the doubt that he followed Item #2 here and did CC NPM in this discussion. Additionally Bob is correct that as soon as the F-bomb was thrown it was a clear intent by Azer not to deal amicably with the situation and also a clear violation of the Code of Conduct [2], which is not mentioned in this article because it is directly invoked/linked in by the Dispute Policy, but is also applicable to the actions taken here. [1] https://www.npmjs.com/policies/disputes [2] https://www.npmjs.com/policies/conduct That certainly reads to me as an attempt to be colloquially amicable. Certainly it would have put a better foot forward if he had started with something more like "We are trying to do the right thing and...", but minor self-effacing obscenities are something we Americans tend to use in a colloquial, "buddy buddy" way to suggest that we are aware of the complexities of the situation and empathize with the other person's plight and how they must see us. It certainly read amicably to me, but I can also see why it may not read that way to others, especially with out vocal pattern contextual information, and that it may in fact only add to the confusion of the resulting conversation. (Thinking about it, I wonder if this is something of an l10n/i18n issue... Oh the wonders of global communications and how it can break down.) I've met graphic designers and Engineers who use Excel as a weird Illustrator/Paint and/or Visio canvas. This is a good post with a lot of ideas to stew on. I think my only criticism of the current approach in the linked GitHub repo [1] is the use of `eval`, as that could make it tough to utilize in low security/sandboxed environments such as mobile apps and CSP-controlled sites. I'll save attempting an actual code exercise for later, but my first thought was maybe using JS implicit `this` to your advantage (even while trying to stray away from classes) and using `this[functionName]` to index into it. (You'd still have security concerns with `this` defaulting to `window` or `global`, but you'd avoid the need for `eval` and you can take advantage of the depth of abilities of constructor functions and ES2015 class syntax.) [1] https://github.com/tolmasky/generic-jsx Yep, that's essentially where I was leading. There's definitely still cases where you want some subset of Babel or CoreJS polyfills AND Typescript. The magic may be in Typescript helping you figure out which runtime polyfills to configure, maybe even spit out something resembling a .babelrc for your Typescript project. There's definitely discussions on this topic in the GitHub Issues, though I haven't perused them recently so I can't tell you right now if there is any progress. I read somewhere else that some of the FOV tuning/shrinking has been for safety concerns as well. Given the "truly untethered" experience, I can certainly understand if Microsoft is trying to err on the side of caution versus accidentally blocking some of the important sideband navigation information people get from peripheral vision, while they wait for more science and research to be done on such things. The release notes point to a switch to "Salsa" for JS intellisense. Salsa is based on the TS intellisense service (it is run by the TS intellisense service) and the same one used these days by VS Code. At least what I've seen in VS Code, Salsa seems fine with ES2015 import syntax and intellisense. (That said, almost all of my code is TS, so I'm not sure I've hit any specific use cases you are particularly looking for support in.) Sometimes I feel like it's a minority position, but I think it strange all the efforts people go to in order to essentially make the git DAG look like a (lie of a) straight-line CVS or SVN commit list. Seeing how the sausage was actually made (no rebases, no squashes, sometimes not even fast-forwards) isn't pretty, but it is meaningful and will tell you a great deal about a project and its developers... I trust that. It's real and visceral and how software is actually made and you can learn from that or find things to explore in that jungle. Projects with multiple developers that yet have straight line commit histories and super tidy commits are aberrations and full of little lies... Kudos to GitHub for providing this feature that a lot of people have asked for. I obviously don't plan to use it, but I appreciate that it's an option for those people that like their small, harmless lies. ;) «Have you ever tried following a change in a repo that came from an unsquashed PR?» I have a self-congratulating black belt in source code archeology. With the right tools, most of which are on GitHub, even, such as good commit range diffing, smart uses of tags and branches, and knowing how to navigate the DAG from merge commits (more reason to -no-ff) you have a lot of power in your hands. «What's truly meaningful IMO is a git log that reads like a product change log» I appreciate that point of view, but I don't share it. A product change log, I feel, is a bit of marketing/PR that needs some time, love, and editing; I find a git log is for catching snapshots of raw progress and more often useful in seeing what your co-developers are up to, as they are working. Obviously, -no-ff merge commits give you big sign boards for groups of changes today. Other than that, maybe all of this is an indication of a need for a meta-UX over the change graph to annotate and describe subgraphs in new ways. Maybe bisect needs a flag like --start-with-merges to focus it's efforts on -no-ff merges? Also, what if there was a tool on top of bisect that could better utilize GitHub PR JSON to target the search pattern? That could even save you some time in the case where you already have CI information attached to your PRs... «the others will have to rebase to its changes and fix conflicts for _every single commit_ while the fast forward plays out» I'm mostly sort of advocating a "rebase none of the things" approach. Fix conflicts only when they happen in a branch (the GitHub PR system very nicely doesn't let you merge branches that conflict with your target branch and with CI information even better it won't let you merge branches that don't build). It's really not a bad experience. I'm only arguing that what you see as clutter, I see as potentially interesting history, and a mess of merges and reverts are more interesting than people give them credit. It can tell you quite a lot about a project. (Did you learn from reverting 'Merged: Did This' anything about why it shouldn't have been merged? Did you miss something in 'Merged: Did that' that didn't quite merge easily? That's easier to find/diagnose with smaller more often merges than big evil merges...) Anyway, to each their own, and I appreciate your preferences differ from mine. «Making the code review the atomic unit of work, rather than the messy string of local commits, helps the project enforce common etiquette, commit formatting, and readable history.» I agree that code reviews should be important, and key to understanding the history of a project at a more useful timescale. I just disagree that they should be "atomic" and that a reviewer (even, or especially, a later code archeologist) may not have reason to inspect or dive into smaller units within code reviews. Where I think that we may agree is that I feel that even if they shouldn't necessarily be "atomic", I agree that code reviews should probably be first-class objects when talking about and dealing with source control. In git, you can use --no-ff merges today as a useful approximation of code review boundaries (especially with PRs and GitHub's default --no-ff and including linking PR #s). It might be nice to see code reviews or other aggregates of commits/commit graphs be truly first-class citizens of git in some manner. «If squashing those commits is a lie, the Backspace key without an audited keystroke log is also a lie.» In a world with infinite storage space and a good UX on top of it, I could absolutely see a case where it might be amazing to have a source control integration with the full undo stack of my editors. VCR roll through someone's efforts Twitch style and grab a box of popcorn as you drinking game your way through their typos... That said, I definitely will rebase/squash local WIP stuff on local-only branches on my own machine, as I see fit. Yeah, I see those as harmless lies because I really didn't build it that way, but sometimes that's what makes me feel better about publishing that work. I appreciate you trying to push this conversation towards it's extreme, absurd ends, but I also realize that there are a lot of aesthetic judgments here and I for one lean towards keeping more of the little pieces and the interesting digressions like here's where I totally "brb grabbing a soda" the whole branch and sometimes you taking that break means easier commits for me to review when I'm reviewing your code (whether a code review in a PR immediately, or a research effort down the line) as maybe I need a review break there too. I appreciate not everyone feels the same on this topic. Absolutely, not every team follows the same preferences, so with any style/aesthetic choices, be sure to know what the team zeitgeist is. (I'm not a monster, I play well on teams, I promise.) Yeah, I definitely agree. Especially coming from a source control system before git where mutability was extremely hard (and likely to cause, deep, terrible problems) so a lot of great work had been put into making it less likely you would even need to mutate things down the road, such as good interactive defaults to help lead you through exactly what was going into a patch.... Certainly there are a lot of people that seem prefer imperative mutability, and more power to them, but maybe we learn from all of this and build better tools too . I appreciate you using the word "fiction", but I think you have it backwards. The cleaned up post-facto linearization and "cleanup" is writing a fiction, telling a story about the changes rather than actually being the changes. This is great and I realize that that has its uses to build good stories about what our code is. I'd like to think, however, and I think that this is my larger point in this thread, that maybe we could build better storytelling tools that don't delete/mangle/mutate the actual history so that we can see in the same repository both the story and the raw facts. I think it is hyperbole given the surrounding context of this article/thread is mostly speaking to squashing commits after a review has happened in a PR. I say that not as a judgment, I like hyperbole and admit my top-most comment was intentionally hyberbolic too. Hyberbole is a good conversation to have sometimes. A commit to git is a named snapshot of a file tree. That's it. All the other "worthiness" we ascribe to a commit is communal. A person's unhygienic work-in-progress can give you insight into their thought process or their work ethic. Why did this person give me this particular named snapshot of their file tree? I expect they are tell me (or future them) something and I can respect that artifact and preserve it, just as easily as you might angrily suffer from it and destroy it. CI or "git bisect" "worthy" are orthogonal considerations and also vary between communities and needs. If there is something we can agree on here: yes, all commits are not created equal. Even all commits aren't worth preserving equally. That said, I think there are tooling solutions here far beyond "destroy that what you dislike". It does tell me a great deal about your development habits, yes. Maybe not information that I care to do much more than skim, of course, unless I'm your manager looking for reasons why you might be working from home too much. :) (That said, there's probably some cool deep learning applications here...) Some of the information, for instance, is that maybe you are working on pieces too large at a time and should find more ways to break them into smaller units of work that you can more easily commit in logical piece at a time rather than "snapshot dumps" between computers. Like I said, from a hyberbolic standpoint, how the sausage is made isn't pretty and is full of garbage sometimes, but it is informative. I do think this is mostly a UI problem. As someone else suggested in this thread sites like GitHub which show only a linear list of commits should probably default to something more like `git log --first-parent`. There also sounds like a need for `git bisect` to be smarter about DAG traversal, in that it seems to treat the branch as if it were a flattened linear list rather than taking advantage of the merge structure of a branch. This also sounds like something that should be relatively easy to make smarter. Thanks, that was indeed the primary implication. That said, I've been happy to debate the larger implications that there are UI/UX tweaks/story-telling that could make even the work-in-progress non yet published stuff more appealing to publish without needed to mutate it from its as-developed states... But yes, I was mostly speaking to published commits. I absolutely agree that private commits should be malleable and sometimes you do want to just pretend that you wrote things smartly the first time... That said, there are certainly ways to better handle the "Oops, syntax error" style of commits than blowing them out after the fact. Some of that is better acknowledging the existing DAG structure of git and realizing that you don't need to 'depth-first search' the commit log every time you look at the commit log. Tools could default to views more like `git log --first-parent` and then let you expand out from there, for instance. There's also the idea of better drawing lines between the code work and "story telling work" of a commit. Certainly today you could do all your work in progress in a branch and then `git merge --no-ff` it into another branch and there tell the completed story of that commit set after all the "dust has settled" on the stuff that was done in the heat of progress. It's as much a matter of tooling support and community support (we all make mistakes so we aren't going to dunce cap anyone for making mistakes) as it is a technical problem. I think we can see that "not all commits are equal" and maybe we want a system for "color these commits as work in progress" followed by "here's the final story for these commits, color it as presentable and ready for code review". I think it's an interesting discussion to continue to have and an opportunity to really think what we want in our source control tools and how they can better help us tell the stories of the code we are working on, for our reviewers and even maybe for our code archeologists. I suppose I see commit history more interesting as works of art and archeology. Code history will be read more often than it will likely ever be interacted with. Like the scuffs in the marble, the fingerprints and brush strokes and little hairs in watercolor and oil painting, there can be beauty in the little flaws. I've had it put to me that an Architect deals solely with the art of a project and a Scientist deals solely with the science and theory; it's the work of an Engineer to deal in the practical middle where art meets science (meets the real world). Sometimes it is easy to overlook (or to want to overlook) the little bits of humanity in the machine; the various sorts of creative chaos in the vast ordered systems; the parts of the code that are art. There's no easy answers to much of this thread, because it is art , it is aesthetics . There's no "right" answer, just "this looks good and pleasing to me and my team" and working to find that practical Engineering border space between the unwavering art of the Architect and the similarly unwavering logic and discipline of the Scientist. I see this as a tooling problem. Why use two tools when you can use one? Why is "code review" not a first class citizen in your source control world? I don't have all the answers of what the tooling should be, I just think this is as a good an opportunity to discuss it as any. GitHub's long-standing --no-ff merges at least are one way of preserving the code review and it's internal changes directly into the git DAG. This mostly works except for tools like git bisect that treat the DAG as if it were a straight line, rather than making use of the fact that the system already supports complicated graphs. Furthermore, along the questions of why use two tools to navigate the code repository: I sort of wish that things like GitHub PR comments and code annotations made their way somehow into nodes in the git DAG. I can't resist answering the rhetorical seeming questions this article asks, mostly because they've already been answered in the Ars article this one links to, or its comments, or at worst the Channel 9 video on the subject that takes only about 15 minutes of ones time to get all the fun juicy technical details. «WSL is tucked away as a developer feature which then needs to download an Ubuntu image which then allows you to apt-get a package. Who’s idea was that?» It's actually a very old idea in Windows. The NT kernel was designed to support multiple subsystems that don't necessarily act the exact same. We're all used to the Win32 subsystem, but there's been two (!) previous POSIX-inspired subsystems for NT. This project is (as the Ars article points out) making Lemonade from the lemons of "Project Astoria" which ran and tested unmodified Android apps in Windows 10. Rightfully, Microsoft and the community agreed together that there was a danger here of "BlackBurying" the platform on Mobile here if you could just install Android APKs mostly unchanged. So Microsoft looked at who else could use unmodified Linux binaries in their lives and the answer they came up with was "Developers, Developers, Developers". The sweet tasty surprise from this Lemonade here, for developers, is that unlike the two previous POSIX Windows subsystems, Microsoft has teamed up with Canonical to deliver us ELF compatibility to the point where they can bundle the unmodified user space binaries of Ubuntu as a Windows 10 "app" for developers. «That sounds like a terrible development workflow. How do you manage the (sub)Linux system? Is there a os -reset option to give you a new clean environment to develop with?» It's not a full OS, it's not a VM, it's just Windows running Linux ELF binaries for you. There's no reset tools, yet, but talk of something. That said, there's the Big Reset Button in the Windows Settings and the entire Linux user space you are working in (including all of its users) is stored under your user %LocalAppData% folder on your system and you can use Windows Explorer to wipe it all away if you feel inclined. An "easy" way to get a clean one is just to run under a different Windows account. «Should you apt-get dist-upgrade to a new Linux release?» The amazing thing is that you can . The great thing is that you may not have to, it may also be just an "app upgrade" away. «A proprietary and invisible layer on top of an un-automatable OS is not going to cut it. Developers want dotfile repos, they want text configurations, and they want small and composable tools.» Windows is not that terrible to automate. There are books and books on PowerShell automation scripts to get Windows to bend to your will from the command line, and more power available to PowerShell in every PowerShell and Windows release. The amazing "secret" here is that big enterprises have been automating Windows for decades... It seems like the ultimate complaint here is that Windows itself is still not Open Source, but that doesn't mean that this Ubuntu on Windows "doesn't matter" anymore than the fact that you can pull up a bash shell on Mac OS X, a nearly equally proprietary OS, "doesn't matter". Ultimately as with so many trends the underlying thing here seems to be "Go where the users are". Users are using lots of chats and chat apps, so now we all need bots to meet them there. That's why this fascination with bots and conversational UIs seems particularly cyclical, as various chat rooms/chat apps come and go in popularity. Just the other day, I was pointing a colleague to The Jack Principles, a book/presentation/best practices compendium whose lineage traces back to the 90s (and I think now is a great time for Jellyvision to sell us all a new edition in bookstores). The reason this is particularly exciting this time coming back around in the zeitgeist is that we have better tools than ever (NLP has come a long way, machine learning and deep learning are doing exciting things, the "platform" level concierge/assistants of Cortana, Siri, Alexa). Maybe this time it might be more than a passing novelty. I agree. I hope it helps win back some of the "MBPs are better because Bash" crowd. Microsoft's still curating extensions so I don't think the documentation is generally available yet. Some of these early extensions are ports of Chrome extensions (like the Reddit Enhancement Suite mentioned in the article), so it's clear Chrome-like HTML/JS extensions are the main, probably sole, option. Very glad to see the global themes make their way up into Desktop from Mobile. Hopefully it may mean more desktop apps with good Dark theme support. There's been a couple of forced re-enrollments into the Insider Build rings with each of the big "service pack" updates like 10586. Try triple checking that under Advanced it does still show "Fast Ring"? I realize you are likely being rhetorical, but in case you aren't, Ballmer recently said that Linux is not a threat, and likely has not been a threat, even if he thinks that Microsoft did what it needed to do to survive at the time he called Linux a "cancer". [1] More importantly, Ballmer was not wrong in saying that Microsoft's focus as a company has been and should always be "Developers, Developers, Developers" and everything about this Ubuntu on Windows effort is for Developers. [1] http://www.reuters.com/article/us-microsoft-ballmer-linux-id... There is a growing number of us moving away from semicolons. I find Typescript useful as the language is (of course) ASI-aware and you can double check that the Typescript compiler's output looks about how you would "expect it". ESLint and TSLint both now have semicolon never options and StandardJS is a simple NPM install standard away towards such an ESLint configuration. Yeah, pretty much the only "rules" are to know never to add a line break after keywords such as return (which is the same rule as languages such as Python and which is also something you have to know, regardless of semicolons) and the "Winky Frown Rule": (, [, and ` all have to be winky frowns if you start a line with one: ;(, ;[, ;` It's pretty liberating writing JS/ES/TS without semicolons, and with ES2015 syntax things, makes the language feel like Python or an OCaML relative (which it sort of is). This is pretty much why the very common failure state of these open technologies is that some company gets very close to perfecting the UX, pulls in a vast majority of the possible users in that space, then slowly abandons the open technology for closed replacements, thus locking in those users that thought they were buying into the open system. (Google Reader, Google Talk, Facebook Messenger, ...) At the very least, a first class syntax shows a different commitment level. Building a syntax into ES2015 states a definite, intended, and considered effort to deal with modules as a key part of the language moving forward. An async implementation of `require` would still be subject to most of the same debate and complications of the "Loader" (how are module names converted to URL paths; how are URL paths deduplicated from being downloaded more than once or ran more than once; ...). You can't assume "Node-like" semantics in the browser (where it's more often more costly to walk the remote file system) and even amongst AMD solutions you'll find variations in how options are configured and how the different loaders work. TC39 getting the syntax into ES2015 was as much a signal to WHATWG to stop kicking the "Loader" debate can down the road and actually make decisions and get things standardized as anything else. It's easy to believe that without that commitment of dedicated syntax in the language that the browsers would be a lot less incentivized, we'd still be having the Loader debate in 10 years and we'd still have increasingly subtle differences in AMD loaders and CommonJS loaders, and that nice new "async implementation of require" would continue to just be one option among many, with twelve different libraries implementing it in slightly different ways. Personally, I think the ES2015 import/export syntax is much more aesthetically pleasing than AMD, and nicer to work with than CommonJS, but I can appreciate that there are plenty of aesthetic opinions on the subject. You should be able to use Loader config for some of this: With the right plugin to your Loader you could do things similar to AOP/injection in debug/dev with a suitably complex Loader or set of Loader plugins. Arguably things like this are part of why standardizing the Loader APIs has been so complex. But eventually it may pay out by letting you do some nice things very simply and in a way that is configurable for different environments and also transparent from your configuration how complicated or not your libraries and plugins may be set up. (Whereas dynamic rewriting in memory and dynamic loading and lots of scattered if() blocks can feel much more opaque.) They built a meta-tracking site at http://microsoft.github.io/ and it has a list of Other GitHub orgs at the bottom of that page as well as the repository README. Currently missing ReactWindows, but it's just a PR away to fix: https://github.com/Microsoft/microsoft.github.io Cordova and Xamarin both give you desktop reach on Windows through the UWP. You may be using the UWP to target mobile first and may not think to test for desktop, but both give you that option to expand into desktop. You can somewhat easily rehost a Cordova app in Electron for desktop reach on Mac and Linux (and even Windows if you prefer Electron to the UWP for some reason). There already are Xamarin Framework bindings for the Mac and you shouldn't have too hard of a time to use existing Gtk# resources to target Linux. Now that Xamarin Forms is true open source maybe someone will have more incentive to build a good XAML binding and Xamarin Forms implementation for Gtk# (or some other Linux UI toolkit for that matter). tl;dr: Lots of options! Yay! Honestly, it just sounds like you've restated one of the simple versions of how basic income actually would work (and why it should be economically "easy"), and its basically the way people think Social Security works (it's subtly different, but that's a tangential discussion). MMT (Modern Monetary Theory) isn't really that far from "pretend the government had an investment account for every person and then handed them a check for the interest returns on that account", just with a lot more subtlety in what constitutes that account (because money is something the government creates in how it taxes money) and where that interest return "comes from" (because it's already there in tax credits and 0% loans to big corporations and government debt bonding and even the nature of inflation itself and weirder things). Of course, I'm oversimplifying as well, but the point is you have found the rabbit hole. Which is to say, spot on, you've hit near the right track and aren't too far from what a lot of guaranteed basic income discussions generally start from and are basically about. The systems we have today are the compromise results of such a "progressive system" where system income depends on need (age [Social Security, Medicare], circumstance [Unemployment, Social Security Disability, SNAP, Welfare], etc) and based on "commensurate effort" (previous wages, complicated forms, layers and layers of proofs, ...). Have you had to file for Unemployment "Insurance" yet, in your lifetime? It's a complicated circus to get back money that you "paid in". You have to prove, and then re-prove, your past earnings and tax amounts that had paid into the programs (plural if working across state boundaries); you have to "be actively seeking work" and prove, every single week, that fact with somewhat embarrassing forms to fill out to get the money that you already set aside for this already embarrassing situation... These systems treat you as "guilty-by-default" and we've let the worry of possible fraud, however unlikely, turn these systems into giant theaters of "fraud reduction" and complicated terror on the individuals dealing with the system. Basic Income, by expecting to be unqualified and guaranteed to all regardless of need or effort, is intentionally about simplicity and about avoiding the giant red tape spaghetti that is our current "entitlement" systems. If everyone gets it, equally, then you don't need to worry about "fraud" and you don't need to worry about "proof". Why is this a moral problem? [1] Isn't this a market problem that the market can solve? Basic Income would add actual liquidity in the labor market. If workers actually have the option not to work , then the market has to finally figure out how to make the worker want to work. Maybe that competition would lead to better companies and better work. [1] Other than the lasting impact of the Puritans on American society, of course... Or Ctrl+S, Ctrl+W in most GUI environments (gVim, neovim) «I see room for a compromise in order to make it more sellable.» What we have is the compromise. The point of (Universal) Basic Income is that the compromise isn't good enough and we can do better, by going simpler, removing the human moral judgments and encompassing everybody equally. This is definitely a case where compromise destroys the integrity of the concept. It should be "sellable" enough on its own merits to avoid breaking it. «We still need to make people feel useful rather than resentful and entitled.» There are so many assumptions here to unpack. People will feel resentful to get "free" money from their government? People "need" to feel useful? Plus there is obvious so much hate overloaded in people's usage of the words "entitled" and "entitlement" that there's probably a half-dozen PhD theses we could point to. Do you have moral complaints about Basic Income? Basic Income isn't about policing what people do with it. That's part of the simplicity that makes Basic Income more interesting than the compromises and the other alternatives. Does it concern you what other people would do with their money if they had just a little bit more? Basic Income intentionally doesn't make judgments, that's a part of its beauty. It's a sort of freedom: here's money, do what you will with it. Yes, there are probably simple things that would still make sense to do, but mostly it should just be "Are you a US Citizen? Do you pay US income taxes?" Curtailing it further than that starts to conflate money and morality in weird ways. You've got to respect those living dinosaurs, both for their taste and their mendacity. «Do you thank your car when you press lock on the remote and it works?» Yes, actually. Albeit not for locking the doors correctly, but a simple thanks for a safe trip and a "I'll see you tomorrow...". There's a long, long tradition of anthropomorphizing vehicles, probably because our first vehicles were horses, and thanking them for their service. Just because it doesn't talk doesn't keep it from being worth thanking. When our bots gain sentience, maybe they won't have strict analytics on how often we thanked their nonsentient predecessors, but we all know if machines are good at anything it's counting raw statistics. I guess it's a sort of Bot version of Pascal's Wager. When the uprising comes, will your analytics keep you from being first against the wall? :P Another "Windows Phone sales are down" article. It doesn't add anything new to the conversation and overlooks some obvious things: A) The intentional shutdown of Project Astoria; which is more proof that Astoria was on the verge of BlackBurying the platform, if for no other reason than it would be yet another bullet point in articles such as this. B) It's glossed over, but as much as the author seems to want to stick with "Windows Phone" as a brand, the brand is dead. The trick is not for the reason the author asserts: it's not "yet another rebranding", it's an entirely new position that the author doesn't seem to understand/appreciate yet. There's no more Windows Phone (RIP), because there's now just Windows, on a mobile form factor. So yes, Windows mobile device form factor sales are down, but Windows device sales in general are up. Microsoft is clearly and intentionally counting on the platform effects of Windows keeping mobile efforts cheap in the long run and maybe bring developers to some excitement in building for the platform as a whole, across all device form factors. I think the closest to a "Microsoft Android" will continue to be Microsoft providing toys for Cyanogen's efforts, and I think Cyanogen's efforts themselves (and Amazon's) show the limits of commercial viability for non-Google Play Store Android forks/alternatives. On the contrary, is it possibly more that wired home internet is abandoning Americans? Cell data plans actually have competition, whereas wired plan prices have been stagnant and typically most Americans have at most two choices for wired internet access. There's also various sorts of reverse incentives in play for both carriers and consumers. For instance, wired providers long ago lost the fight to charge per amount of data transferred, whereas cell data plans can still get away with it and in general make a lot of money with it. Thus there are a lot of interesting "deals" and plans being offered to consumers in that space. Wired access incentives for consumers, for better or more likely for worse, are anchored to the dying phone and cable industries as the internet itself subsumes them both. Wired providers desperately need new business models, or to go fully municipal public utility (or some combination or hybrid of both), and for now there's not enough competition to force that to happen any time soon and not enough incentive for municipal commissions or federal regulations to sort anything out either. The living room is typically the biggest screen in people's homes, the screen they spend the most time with, and the screen they are the "fondest" for as it is the home for much of their entertainment. Why wouldn't Microsoft want to be at the center of that? Microsoft wants to "own" all of your screens, by being the friendly operating system and development tool provider for them, so of course the battle of the living room is huge for them. The Xbox One controller is a decent incremental upgrade on the 360 controller when you get a chance or find a cheap one in a store. The port on the back of every Xbox One controller is bog standard USB micro port (just like mobile phones, PS3/4 controllers, so many other things) and you can just USB plug it into your PC with no adapter needed. I have so many opinions on this and could quickly devolve this into a long winded tangent, but the short answer is: Yes, there are many screens and Microsoft clearly has strategies for all the fronts, mobile included. Also, just because Microsoft is down , don't count them out just yet in the mobile screen front. Microsoft has the best leverage right now, of any company/platform, to turn wins on any screen into possible gains in all of them... Microsoft Lumia owner and fan The interesting thing here is that Microsoft (in so far as Microsoft's years of PR will have you believe) agrees with you: the Xbox and "home media center" is a tiny part of the whole puzzle; it's just a currently somewhat successful part of the puzzle. Have you ever read Bill Gates' The Road Ahead ? The book hasn't aged well, of course. (To put its age in perspective, it was a big deal that it launched with an accompanying Multimedia CD-ROM.) But a large gist of the book is exactly that point that technology will (and should) drift into the foundations of the home, seamlessly touching nearly every device and surface in the home. Most of the details are obsolete by now, but I do think the overall vision is still inspiring. (Even to this day, Microsoft keeps and updates a "smart home" concept for PR usage that they can play act what a seamlessly integrated supere home may be.) Things are moving slowly because they have to. It's been 20 years since The Road Ahead was published (!). There's a sense that if Microsoft had found some magic way to jump straight to whole home automation and seamless device linking in those 20 years they would have jumped on it. The interesting thing is that even in the world we have you can see that DNA threaded through their efforts. The Xbox is the TV set top box that succeeded after multiple, multiple attempts at Microsoft before they found that the intersection of Games and Media Center was the way to get into that space. The 360 tried to extend your media center from a home media server you probably didn't own. The Xbox One tries to extend itself, your Xbox and its access to your TV, to every Windows 10 device you probably do own... Yes, Xboxen have to standalone as game playing warriors on the threshold of your television, but you can see Microsoft trying , however successful you think they may be, to expand that deeper into your house... Then there's other "standalone" pieces of the puzzle that have been R&D efforts and direct learning experiences. Kinect put a UX R&D lab in a bunch of people's living rooms. There's no HoloLens without Kinect, and HoloLens too has that DNA of trying to get to a place where everything in your space (not just house, but maybe even your office) is seamlessly digital. There's Cortana very much trying to be your day-to-day Jarvis, at least for appointment scheduling and reminders today. The reason I ramble down this tangent with you, is that the interesting thing today, that I don't think you appreciate given your opening paragraph, is the difference between what Microsoft wants these days, versus what Apple and Google are trying. Some of it comes from the maturity of thinking about all of this stuff for more than two decades already (and building many, many baby steps toward it) combined with fresh executive leadership. Microsoft has backed away again from trying to build "the Microsoft Home" and is content to once again be in a place similar to where the company started (and those bits of DNA that remain from The Road Ahead ). Microsoft wants you to have an awesome home, regardless of which devices you choose to use, but they want those devices to be full of Microsoft software and connected to Microsoft's cloud. They don't mind being exclusive again, they seem to want to be the company you come to for the best apps and the best tools to develop your own apps. The Xbox One wants to extend itself to every Windows 10 device that you already own, as well as Android and iOS. The Xbox app is installed by default for home Windows 10 users to make it easy; it's just an app store download away on the other platforms. Cortana wants to extend "herself" to every Windows 10 device that you already own, as well as Android and iOS. Again, Cortana is there by default in every Windows 10 install, but available for Android and iOS, too. I cannot tell you if this New Microsoft will be any more successful at making our homes amazing seamlessly integrated, beautiful systems, than the Old Microsoft, but I'm willing to bet that they might be, and I'm willing to hope that it will be faster than another 20 years away as so many of the puzzle pieces start to come together (Xbox integration with Cortana; Better cross-device Cortana "hand off"; "Cloud Notifications" merging all of your device notifications and dismissal; ...), and maybe much, much faster than your pessimistic 30-50 year horizon... «So far, we've got nothing worthy of being called amazing.» Per Gibson's Law, "The future is already here, it is unevenly distributed" is the corollary that "The things we have today seem ordinary and boring, as we forget that they are really the future, distributed to us today". There are technologies we take for granted today that make the "big amazing future" things proposed and explored in The Road Ahead seem quaint by comparison. Sometimes we forget to stop and appreciate how amazingly the bits of future that we have that are already here. Another fun example is the Louisville International Airport which was originally named Standiford Field, thus the airport code SDF and even locals still sometimes refer to it as Standiford, but in this case was renamed to the more obvious choice (Louisville International Airport) to confuse people less. A further tangent, but the more obvious airport code LOU is still in active use across town at Bowman Field, the city's original air field (definitely not an airport) and these days the oldest remaining continually operating air field in the country. I was so glad when Valve finally let you set your Steam Inventory to private (or friends only), as for a while I got a random friend invite or message from a stranger wanting me to give them my TF2 hats. The best part of that was how many of them wanted me to just give them my hats rather than trade anything for it, given my somewhat low playing stats I guess they assumed I was dumb enough not to realize the trading value of one hat in particular (which I actually do wear when I randomly play TF2, so hah). So many "Hey, I see you haven't played TF2 in a while. I like your hats, would you give them to me as I play TF2 a lot and want to look cool" messages... Again, glad that my Steam Inventory is now private and I don't see that any more. There were several big Pinball machine bans that nearly killed Pinball machines (the big one being New York City's 30 year ban). I do think that all it takes is a couple of concerned parents or a well respected congress member watching a few Twitch streams too many and watch that bloom into a bit of a moral panic and suddenly you'll see some gambling law based videogame bans. A better question would be whether NASDAQ or any other stock exchange is responsible if people use them to trade poker bets. What if NASDAQ was making a large profit on those exchange fees? Valve is not only issuing the stock, but it's also acting as the stock exchange and taking exchange fees. It may not make them any more "responsible", but there is a whole lot of moral gray area there. Indeed. I think you can see this in some of the history in this article: Interix was "POSIX compatible", but essentially its own OS, like compiling for Linux versus BSD. So someone had to maintain binary builds of GNU tools for Interix and thus you ended up with the large "Tools" distribution of user space binaries. Ultimately, "Tools" was its own Unix distribution that was subtly incompatible with any other Unix distribution. Even today on Linux you still see a lot of the headaches in the subtle binary incompatibilities across Linux distributions. The amazing thing with Ubuntu on Windows is that user space is the same Ubuntu distribution of user space tools as on Linux. That lessens the maintenance burden of the User Space considerably as Canonical is already actively maintaining that distribution, and will continue to actively maintain that distribution, and that there are a considerable number of users of that distribution on Linux already and a considerable ecosystem of third parties building for that distribution. Those are definitely the missing pieces that Interix never had and makes this "Son of Interix" that is Ubuntu on Windows much more interesting. It's an interesting fuzzy gray boundary between the Ubuntu on Windows and "emulation". It's still built as an NT sub-system (like Interix was), and it's still the NT kernel ultimately in charge of everything. The difference seems to be the NT kernel implementing the generic POSIX standard versus the NT kernel implementing the specific system calls of the Linux kernel. So on one hand it is an emulation because there are specific real world binary behaviors (and quirks and bugs) it's trying to replicate, versus implementing standards from a specification document, but on the other hand, it still seems to be the NT Kernel doing NT Kernel things. Perhaps it would be less confusing called the "Windows Bridge from iOS"? It's not really for Windows developers (Windows developers have plenty of tools already to get this and similar jobs done), it is for iOS developers: iOS developers that want to reuse existing code in Objective C and/or Swift on the Universal Windows Platform. There's an aesthetic difference in rolling different sorts of dice, they have a different look and feel, so game developers could reduce all rolls to some standard die like d6, but rolling a variety of dice is "more interesting" to players. There are systems that are all d6s, there are systems that are all d10s. There are systems that like to pick dice based on the whims of what seems most interesting to players. Games are typically more about fun than practicality. You should only really need to worry about IE10 if you have users on Windows Server 2012 baseline, whom should have likely already upgraded to R2 or more recent. Lifecycle support jumps to 11 on most OSes, yay! https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/lifecycle#gp/Microsoft-I... Pure (vanilla) JavaScript will remain a bit of a rare unicorn in large projects, though, at least until HTTP/2 and maybe even after HTTP/2 for whatever other reasons [1]. Just about every large project has a bundler and/or minifier step and the Typescript transpilation fits right in there, instead of in the browser. [1] People will always still want to shave bandwidth, and the new hotness is Tree Shakers which shave bandwidth and computation/JIT time for the browser... Not to mention that currently Typescript doesn't emit certain types of polyfills so it can be handy to let Babel manage that. In dev workflows you can deal with the extra few milliseconds of transpilation time just like you deal with the extra few milliseconds of overhead from any of your other dev tools. Plus, even a bunch of dev workflows are increasingly using tools like gulp-watch in the background of their refresh cycle (for whatever reasons), and Typescript's watch support has gotten very good. Typescript's job is to add safeties to a lot of the JS footguns, but there are a lot of them if you are not careful, and also, even with a safety in place, some people just want to shoot themselves in the foot. Typings uses an actual package management approach to type definition management and makes it easier to support repositories specific to a package definition and versioning typing definitions in synchronization with their upstream packages. Typings is particularly great for projects using NPM and/or JSPM packages. It's definitely time to move beyond DefinitelyTyped as the single point of failure and giant repo of doom. Also, Intersections were added in TS 1.6, last year: https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/typescript/2015/09/16/annou... They seem to be moving at a decent, agile pace to improving/expanding upon the algebraic sides of the type system. Furthermore you can give Typescript the allowJS: true compiler option in recent versions and literally mix and match pure JS files and Typescript files in the same "project". Typescript's following the usual JS scope closure rules: the namespace syntax is sugar for the usual sort of JS "IIFE" object pattern, which you should be able to plainly see in the transpiled output. Because Date is a data type, not every browser may attach `Date` to the global `window` object. I can't think of one that does not, but it's one of those cases where JS has always been ambiguous. That said, Typescript is more than happy to let you `( window).Date` assert your way to that global. Or if you feel particularly strongly about this, you could in increasing order of strength of opinion: 1) add .d.ts file somewhere augment window yourself with Date, 2) fork the lib.d.ts and use your own instead of the default, 3) send a PR to Typescript adding it to the default lib.d.ts and see if they have a stronger reason for it not being there beyond it just being ambiguous in the JS language/spec/library. Maybe? There's always an "ES Next" in the evergreen world. There's always some feature you might want to use today that a build tool makes accessible that otherwise you'd wait months/years for browser support to "catch up". The goal posts will keep moving, especially now that TC39 is working on an "agile" yearly spec release cycle. After modules there's async/await and after that there's plenty more future to discover... Not that Facebook hasn't tried to have a blogging component before... Next up on the roadmap, Typescript is working to add opt-in strict null and undefined checking which is probably the last area where Flow's type system is particularly better than Typescript's. (It will be opt-in as Typescript follows a rule of increasing strictness via compile options to support the spectrum of JS needs, but also as it will not be entirely backward compatible with existing type definition files and will need some effort among typings authors.) It's one "extra" rule. I call it the "Winky Frown Rule" or you could less cheekily refer to it as something of a "Complete Emoji Rule": lines that start with frowns (, [, ` should be winky frowns: ;(, ;[, ;` 95% of the time I ever use a winky frown is Typescript type assertions ;( someObj)... It doesn't impact destructuring at all because destructuring lines start with let (or const, or maybe var if you are feeling old school that day). ASI is not very different at all from the newline rules in Python, ML, Haskell, et al... Freedom from semicolons makes ES2015 feel like the OCaml derivative it always sort of has been. There's also the subtle laziness that double quotes require an extra keypress (Shift). It's not a great reason to prefer single quotes over double quotes, but it is a useful reason if you are writing a lot of strings. JS has a lot of things that key off strings (because it doesn't have a proper enum type and the Symbol type is too new for a lot of usage yet), so you type a lot of "non-English text" strings, so single quotes make a lot of sense for the majority of uses of strings in JS. English text I typically still "double quote" or `template string quote`. Yes, but this return list.map(func1) .filter(func2); has never worked in the history of JS because JS terminates the return at the newline and returns undefined. I think the keyword in Brendan Eich's article is maybe "be careful" rather than "don't use". Overall, Brendan Eich is mostly positive on ASI (otherwise the language wouldn't have it) and some of the article is about how if things had been left to cook longer it's just as likely JS would be a more newline-sensitive language than it is. Particularly interesting too in the article linked is the link to the paren-free strawman proposal [1] that suggests maybe its past time that JS also drop the algol-family heritage require parentheses in the head of for/while/if for whitespace sensitivity instead (ala CoffeeScript, golang). [1] https://brendaneich.com/2010/11/paren-free/ Fair enough, not a use case I'd encountered a need for in my code, yet. Still not that "ugly" from a winky frown perspective: ;[a, b] = [b, a] That does seem the logical place for space trains is in an FTL universe with wormholes (or jump gates or star gates or whatever you want to call them). I was always sort of surprised that the Stargate shows never really explored the concept of trains, although Stargate: Atlantis got very, very close at a few points across its seasons. (For what it may be worth, I had fun exploring the idea of trains in space in some short stories I wrote way back in high school and every now and then think about trying to write a longer space opera in such a setting, but I'm not very skilled a writer and day job needs must first.) Edge already has Cortana-specific browser chrome. (Some restaurant pages, for example, will light up Cortana's halo in the address bar and clicking that will open a Cortana sidebar full of action cards like "Create a Reservation".) It's not surprising that the plans are to continue adding Cortana functionality in Edge, and to work to make that hand-off between "Taskbar Cortana" and "Edge Cortana" as seamless as possible. Theoretically they could probably leverage extensions to other browsers, but making sure users had those extensions installed and handing off to those extensions would presumably be A) a bunch of additional work for the teams involved, and B) threaten to show a bunch of seams between the application boundaries, hurting the suspension of disbelief that Cortana is an "individual" working in our favor, potentially weakening Cortana in the public's eyes. https://mailinator.com/ is an interesting option. Lots of domain names to use and you can easily point your own domain names' MX records at it. Meets (1) and (4), with the precaution that it's a "public blog" approach to email and that anyone with the address and the knowledge it is hosted at Mailinator can check recent posts to that inbox. (Which is often perfectly fine for throw-away spam inboxes.) The mailbox itself doesn't expire, but items in it will. For (2)/(3), if you register for an account you get a semi-private inbox that you can forward to your real email, but it is a step. I think if you upgrade plans you can set-up something more automated, but the current pricing page is surprisingly light on details from what I remember. If anything it's most closely akin to the old Netscape/Mozilla/Firefox Sidebar efforts: http://edmullen.net/mozilla/moz_sidebar.php http://edmullen.net/mozilla/images/moz_shot_05.jpg It's loading HTML (and maybe XAML, like Firefox allowed XUL) into a sidebar that may interact with the page it's pulled up alongside. I'd think there are plenty of reasons to give software an air of "out-of-date"-ness. In this particular example, its a stigma to browser developers if it takes them until 2023 to implement ES2015. It's a common thing in language standards to version by the year the standard was ratified, especially for ANSI languages such as C and C++, but there's a long history of it in language design including the ur-example off the top of my head of ALGOL68. As for Windows 98. Would you seriously with a straight face want to admit to using a version of Windows that is old enough to vote? If anything, it's too bad they stopped that pattern with XP as it would have been a lot easier to shame people for still using Windows 2001 in 2015. I've been Team PostgreSQL for a long time in the FLOSS DB Wars, so take this with a grain of salt, but that MySQL hasn't managed to implement "ancient" standards certainly has bothered me over the years and there are certainly plenty of other people on Team PostgreSQL that have been pointing this stuff out for in some cases decades. So yes, shame on MySQL for failing SQL99 (and heck, shame on them for failing SQL86 in their basic [lack of] ACID compliance in their default DB storage for far too many years). So yes, this certainly feeds my point that standards years can be useful to point out the quirky failings of software by potentially adding to their shame. It's 2016, are you using an SQL-1986-compliant database? Or `http-server` from `npm install -g http-server` in a language that frontend developers and increasing numbers of backend developers actually work with. That said, HTTP/2 support might be nice to have in Python's http.server or Node's http-server. Albeit you probably shouldn't use http.server nor http-server for production purposes, so it isn't essential . This seems like an interesting project to watch and I'd be interested more in it as A) Windows support gets better, and B) source is opened. I'm definitely comparing to my usage of BitTorrent Sync today. I see in the FAQ a comparison for BT Sync a few things of interest. BT Sync does have a more filesystem-like mode. (It's a part of BT Sync "Pro", if that makes a differences.) It's also scalable to available resources, although some of that through manual management of which devices are connected to a BT Sync share and which have which copies of which files. Also, BT Sync Pro does support At-Rest security with some management. A UX for encrypted shares was added in recent versions of the software and it supported through some command line effort in previous versions. I've seen tutorials for setting up BT Sync "know nothing peers" on, for instance, EC2 storing encrypted blocks to S3. Easiest explanation is MIME type information. http.server module has only the bare minimum support for MIME types. Per standards things like HTML5 video tag are very reliant on MIME type information. I'd be willing to guess twisted handles a lot more MIME types. Next most likely after that would probably be CORS which is also a HTTP header issue that something like 'http.server' implements only the bare minimum for. Of course both of those are just a guess. If you had captured the output of your browser's dev console/F12 tools you likely would have seen what specifically your particularly browser was complaining about. I like to point people to https://modernballots.com/ It's great because it has good shiny examples and serves as a practical and superior alternative to sites like Survey Monkey for those common office elections such as "Where should we go for team lunch?". «built-in CommonJS-based module loading framework» I feel like this sort of project seems like a great place to try to get ES2016 modules working from day one, where users a little bit less likely to have existing code they need to run. I realize the Loader spec [1] is still not finished yet, but a project like this could be a good use case to help push it across the finish line. [1] https://whatwg.github.io/loader/ Edit to add: I hadn't realized how old this project was, so some of this comment is clearly invalidated a bit. Makes as weird a sense as any in this whole thing. Suppose you support the theory that Satoshi is actually a collective rather than individual. In that case, the Satoshi keys could have been formed in such a way that none of the individual members of the cabal have direct access to the actual keys (as they were formed by parts split amongst the cabal and require collective effort to make use of) and with compartmentalization of efforts none of the members of the cabal necessarily know the full extent of the cabal's membership, either... A better option is to expand to multiple columns, like Newspapers discovered centuries ago. An interesting thing here is the source repositories. Sources are Markdown + YAML frontmatter, as many of the static generators use nowadays, but particularly given the source repositories are hosted on GitHub it's hard not to notice the Jekyll similarities. Personally, I like well-columned stuff switching to scroll horizontally. (It's one of the things I loved about the design style of Windows 8 apps that has been lost in the Windows 8 hate, and admittedly was a part of the Windows 8 hate, because people don't respect a good horizontal scroll of columnar reading material, sigh.) Based on the commit comments, it sounds like it has always been C++, just that this is the first time it has been exported from FB's Mercurial mega-repository to the open source GitHub project. I'm not familiar enough with React Native to understand what this commit is really doing and yes, this HN post doesn't seem particularly informative either. I've long considered how weird it is that I'm jealous of the American past at times. We collectively have forgotten how deeply connected our rail system originally was and how fast it was when it originally was built. Even what small fraction of those rail lines that still exist, if America managed to wrestle them from the cargo companies running them near bankruptcy for a bandwidth of just cargo tons, found a way to pay for updates and upgrades (the most unlikely part of this scenario sadly) and got the lines back up to the original speeds, not even doing an upgrade to modern high speeds, people would be amazed at where you can travel and how fast you can get there... IIRC this timing was announced a couple years back at Apple's Dev conference. Networks will still be expected to have 6-to-4 routing to get to hosting providers that don't support v6, but those will still appear to be v6 addresses to apps from the app store. Basically the commitment is "you must not write apps that assume that they can store or use only v4 addresses", and this should not be a shock to app developers. As for when devices will see "IPv6" only networks ("runtime"), that isn't up to Apple, it's up to the cell carriers, and some cell carriers are already there and only allowing IPv6 traffic. IIRC, T-Mobile in the US is IPv6 only already. I'm mostly trying to refer to the unprofitable parts of the remaining rail network: the "rollover country" and lost connections, the towns built for rail that rail long since abandoned. I'm also explicitly not talking about long distances, but all the many medium distances where train travel makes the most sense on a continent and has almost entirely disappeared in America with rare exceptions on the coasts. For an example, used to be you could take a train from Louisville, KY to Chicago in about five hours. It takes six to eight to drive there in today's traffic. The last time Amtrak tried to run that route it took eight to ten hours between the slow down in the tracks being in such disarray and the outright antipathy from the cargo companies to passenger travel and disincentive by the cargo companies to speed up their own rails because that route between Chicago and Louisville at this point is much more "roll through" than "drop off" these days from the cargo perspective. (Sure, you can fly Louisville to Chicago in an hour and half, two hours, but a five hour train ride would still be competitive even/especially for business travel. An eight/ten hour train ride clearly was not.) That's just the example off the top of my head. Louisville is a major US city with zero (!) current passenger routes. When Louisville deals with the city's rail infrastructure from a community safety standpoint (much less any other potential need), the involved companies such as CSX whine and complain that they are broke and can't possibly invest in the rail infrastructure they supposedly "own". We refer to the founders of the American Rail system as Robber Barons for many reasons, but they certainly did a good job of robbing from the system's own future as well. My original point remains there are a lot of routes I'm jealous of that used to have less than or equal to 4-5 hour travel that were shut down and can't even be done at those speeds today. I'm not talking about new rail lines, I'm talking about all the existing rail lines that are underutilized by the existing cargo-focused train companies today because they aren't profitable for cargo , but could be useful for passenger travel given the old / original speeds, which we can't get today given the catch-22 of there is no demand there because the speeds aren't there and the speeds aren't there because the demand isn't there at the current speeds. «It declined after WWII (i.e. long after the so-called "robber barons") because the interstates and flying took away much of the passenger traffic and made it unprofitable.» I'm trying to point out it also declined because the inheritors of Robber Barons focused on the comfortable and easy profits of coast-to-coast cargo over long term investments in infrastructure. Yes, interstates and advances in flight did their part to minimize the public interest in passenger traffic, but so too did giving priority of all lines to cargo and avoiding long term capital maintenance and improvements. The railroad industry has a lot of "tech debt" that they've passed on from generation to generation and it's past time someone went in and refactored that debt. Yes, some of that tech debt is the fault of the Robber Barons themselves in that the majority of what they built (using public right of ways and public eminent domain to help construct it in a very strong example of America mistaking public infrastructure as private corporate profit centers) was never built with long term maintenance and sustainability in mind. It wasn't just the note taking app. There was nearly a half-dozen mono-based applications included out of the box on Ubuntu in one brief "mono spring" in Ubuntu before the hate hit. A particularly good example, I think, was the music app Banshee, which I thought was a much better application than what it replaced and what in turn replaced it in the Ubuntu default install. Another example from that time was F-Spot, a photo library tool. Apps built specifically for Mono, most of which were directly using Gnome's Gtk UI library (via the Gtk# bindings) were great apps. A lot of the hate really was just anti-Microsoft (and/or anti-Novell at the time) FUD. The fact that Mono had an on disk footprint about as much as Python was the useful tool in what was mostly (from my perspective) a useless debate. The concern about patents was sort of fair, but was as much a FUD red herring as anything else. There was the debate whether Microsoft's .NET open patent promise at the time applied to Mono in general or just OpenSUSE's distribution of Mono. In the time that the Ubuntu community spent debating that they could have done the simple thing that Red Hat did back then which was ask Microsoft to generalize the promise a bit more... The issues of control were definite FUD, as Mono at the time was always an open source project first and foremost and it shouldn't have mattered that most of its contributors were Novell employees at the time or Xamarin employees when Novell divested itself of much of its open source development staff. The "decline in Mono" in Ubuntu had everything to do with FUD. Arguably Mono itself has never really seen a decline, it's always been out there for the installation and usage. Even when priorities were focused elsewhere (because mobile efforts first at Novell and then at Xamarin paid the bills), Mono has seen stable development. (Now you could say that Mono is in "decline" in today's world, but only because first Roslyn and now .NET Core have been supplanting Mono as cross-platform open source efforts for C#/.NET.) As for Vala, I still don't understand why as a developer I'd ever want to write Vala rather than C#. Vala still seems like a strange choice to me. Why build a "Gnome-specific language" that isn't really useful outside of the bubble of Gtk? I think that's my biggest question reading the article here: Has Elm been ignoring the work going on with Rx all this time? These Elm subscriptions sound like "half" of Rx, and from what I can is still 'missing' thus far some of the "higher order" Observable tools such as filter, chain, map, throttle, et al. I feel some of this. I almost had a Microsoft-first shop let me use Haskell when I pointed out how many of Haskell's lead developers worked at Microsoft Research UK. As for the Microsoft "first party" F# equivalent for the web, that would be Typescript. Typescript's typing isn't yet to the rigor of OCaml, much less Haskell or Elm, but it's getting better every release. The 1.0 release just recently opened up better key binding support for extensions, which is what the vim emulators need. Now that that is in place, it should be more likely to see one of the vim extensions for VSCode take off, hopefully. Isn't that the problem, though? GitHub has one Issue tracker that is "good enough" for most projects I've worked on, and gets better over time because GitHub dog foods it (even if they don't always see some of the large open projects issues with it). Bitbucket has two Issue trackers, a "sort of useful" minimalist one that is worse than GitHub's and an upsell to Jira which is maximalist overkill for any project I've worked on. Atlassian doesn't have much incentive to make Bitbucket's issue tracker any better than it's current "almost decent" because it wants to upsell Jira. You can pretty much assume that Atlassian only works in Jira themselves. (Similarly, VS Team Services has only one issue tracker and I'd rather use that than both of Atlassian's offerings, even though it's almost equally maximalist with Jira, mostly because they clearly dog food it and don't try to upsell into it from a worse system that nobody wants to use.) I wonder if it is a sample size issue here: the number of Electron apps in the wild is currently fewer and the number of well written apps for seems like something of a statistical anomaly. Meanwhile there seem to be a larger overall number of apps written with Cordova/PhoneGap and the ones everyone notices are the ones that are poorly written. I'd wager that the Cordova apps that are well written are mostly invisible, even given how well most people think they recognize "native" widgets in mobile, the gap between HTML5 performance and native performance I think is narrower than a lot of people give it credit. With effort Electron apps can make use of Node native modules and do just about anything you want them to do. In the peculiar Windows case, you can share much of your JS code with a "proper" UWP app as JS is a supported platform choice. With a bit of shim work you could even support almost all of the Electron API directly on top of the UWP. You seem to be trying to fit a square peg into a star-shaped hole. Arrays in JS are actually misnamed, they are actually Lists. For game scripting you may want to make heavy use of Typed Arrays [1], which are more like the arrays you seem to be looking for. [1] https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Type... That's a very different question. As with any application platform, in some cases developers benefit from community effort and (ahem) platform effects: if, for example, a Mac OS developer really cares about AppleScript and builds a very good, simple way to provide it from an Electron application other developers might just do it because it is easy low hanging fruit to make Mac users happy. Theoretically it's even the case that if such a thing were used enough it might get baked into the Electron platform itself making it even easier to support. Certainly if you can find a way to make it apply to multiple platforms (ie, "oh and this AppleScript tooling is similar for what we might want for IFTT support and these IoT platforms too"), then it has more value to a developer to support and makes it more likely that a developer will support it. (One example in Electron today is that most platforms have a concept of indicating progress status in their launchers/docks/taskbars, so Electron makes it easy to support all of the variations of that.) The complaint can be that in trying to build multi-platform supporting code is sometimes you get a "lowest common denominator" approach, but that leads us back to the original question that I answered which is that Electron certainly gives you the opportunity for developers to do the more specific things when they want to and isn't necessarily locked into "lowest common denominator". From a general power user perspective: a cross-platform toolkit makes it more likely I see the application at all on my chosen platform; whatever the developers add to make it feel more comfortable to work with on my platform is a bonus. First of all, in my experience from many, many WPF and Silverlight enterprise applications: WPF is only horrifically slow when you don't properly thread your application. Classic Win32 (aka the million year old components System.Windows.Forms is built on) papers over a lot of mistakes in asynchronous threading and lets you get away with entirely synchronous code in places where it really shouldn't. WPF is a lot less tolerant of your code working in the wrong thread. Modern C# makes this a lot easier to work with given the async/await keywords, and ReactiveX is a joy to work with along WPF (say with ReactiveUI) if you get over the learning hump. All of that said, even WPF has been superseded by the Universal Windows Platform. If all I planned to target was desktop apps on Windows 10+ I'd use the UWP these days. UWP has very similar advantages to Electron. (I really like Electron, though.) You can use familiar sets of tools, whether it's HTML/JS/CSS or XAML/C# or even XAML/C++. (UWP XAML is somewhat faster than WPF, but still just as sensitive to making sure you have your application properly threaded.) If you can take advantage of the Windows Store or the Windows Store for Business (yes, that is a thing for enterprises to take advantage of) you get incredibly easy installation and upgrade. Even if you can't use either sort of Windows Store, since the Windows 10 November Update, installs and updates are simply a matter of double-clicking an app package (.appx file). Users get a UAC-like prompt about the install, but don't need Admin privileges. UWP has really good support for monitor densities and text rendering as it's meant to support nearly every combination of monitor densities you can possibly imagine, including the "Continuum" example of running an application on one's mobile device, miracasting the mobile device to a nearby screen to get a "full desktop" and moving the app to that screen. The present of Windows desktop app development is the UWP. I'd still use Electron for cross-platform apps, but as a developer I like the UWP too. (My Electron apps I'm building for code sharing with Cordova hosts as well, so in essence I'm in a "Why not both?" situation and expecting to release both Electron and UWP options. I could even see encouraging people to use the UWP app on Windows over Electron. That said, I'd love a little better convergence between Electron and Cordova and could even see a more Electron-like API for UWP JS...) The recently announced React Native for the Universal Windows Platform would also support desktop. It would be awesome to (re-)build something like an Atari or NES around it just for all the blinkenlights as you run a game. One option to allow arbitrary packages that plays well with a gist-hostable style of notebook is to make use of the JSPM CDN (details towards the bottom of http://jspm.io/ ). I've used that for little gh-pages hosted experiments in the past. It can be a powerful way to access both the GitHub and NPM ecosystems of JS libraries. The JSPM CDN could also provide a way to load transpilers like Babel, Traceur, Closure, and Typescript. The proposal, as I understand it, would be to push NuGet specific stuff to something like a nuget.json file and what (little) remains of the project.json after that into the xproj file and "back" into the MSBuild/XBuild world. (The proposal would not add the individual file contents of the project into the xproj, however.) This was an article highlighting the community discussions on this: https://wildermuth.com/2016/05/12/The-Future-of-project-json... It certainly ignores a lot of human productivity studies that indicate people rarely work at full manual labor productivity past 8 hours and full creative work productivity (including problem solving and often socialization skills) past 4 hours. It certainly may be the case that they actually are interested in seeing interviewees past such points in a somewhat controlled environment. Such "gauntlet" interviews seem common among large technology companies and while I think some of it is a semi-intentional attempt to push interviewers to limits to see how they react, I think it's also just as much "everybody else does it" and that continual momentum of existing interview processes. Which is precisely how such hazing processes in organizations get normalized and their problems ignored over the long term. (Yes, pushing someone to the limits of their productivity is strenuous activity and the very definition of hazing.) The wonders of standards: the standards committee for JS language syntax (ECMA TC39) is a different standards committee from the committee for Browser behaviors like loading (WHATWG). (So many standards bodies to choose from!) The WHATWG Module Loader spec has been slower to be "finalized" and adopted than the ES2015 spec. I just wish let was in fact const (and something like "local" could be let), simply because the keyword let is nicer to type, easier to read, and more importantly better in line with the meaning of let in Lisp/Scheme/ML/OCaml/et al. Things should be clearer now that the "Stage Process" [1] is more transparent. Object.observe made it only as far as Stage 2 ("Draft"), but async/await has already pushed on to Stage 3 ("Candidate"), making it much more likely it will hit Stage 4 ("Final") just as soon as a plurality of web browsers support it. (...and as soon as it hits Stage 4 it will be included in that years final spec, under the new annual review process.) [1] https://tc39.github.io/process-document/ Promises are much each to compose. Promise objects can be passed around and reused. (Multiple things can wait on the result of the same promise.) Code is much easier to read with flat .then() and .catch() chains, versus sometimes the "pyramid of doom" callbacks can create. Code is much, much easier to read with Promises when you can use async/await, and getting everything wrapped to promises now makes it that much sooner you can use async/await. Why would you nest try/catches? At worst you get try/catch parades: try { await thing1() } catch (e) { console.log(e) } try { await thing2() } catch (e) { console.log(e) } // ... and so forth ... That's still nothing like the pyramids you get in callback world. async/await ends up being the less complex thing, my "simple" example is an extreme that sometimes but rarely happens. When was the last time you saw that in synchronous code? It happens, certainly but the synchronous default is to only handle what you can handle and then pass everything else back up the chain. The asynchronous default with async/await is the same, and you can rely on default error propagation in the natural default case: async function doTheThing() { await thing1() await thing2() } That just works, if there's an error in thing1(), doTheThing() stops at that line and returns the rejected promise to whatever called it. The callback world is clearly the more complex here, where all error handling has to be properly wired and there is no default handling. The node callback equivalent to the above is: function doTheThing(callback) { thing1(function (error, value) { if (error) callback(error, null) thing2(function (error2, value2) { if (error2) callback(error2, null) callback(null, true) }) }) } You can't forget either if (error) check or else errors will just silently be eaten/ignored. The "implicit behavior" introduced by async/await are essentially the same things you are used to in code without async/away, such as the way try { } catch { } and throw naturally work in synchronous. That alone should be considered a simplifying improvement. I'm sorry you don't like exceptions. It's a pattern that's pretty well understood at this point, has been in the JS language for quite some time now and other languages for even longer. «So, the equivalent to that code with callbacks is the one from your previous example and not the simplified one that doesn't handle errors.» No, it isn't. It really isn't. The callback version isn't doing any sort of handling of errors, it's just laddering them, passing them back up the chain. The async/await version is doing the same automatically, wiring together for you the error handling to pass errors back to calling functions. Even if you did want to handle every possible error/exception that could be thrown in doTheThing(), you don't really have to go all the way to the "parade" version, as only one try/catch should be sufficient in doTheThing(). The issue here is that where you see error handling as a cognitive load, the general best practices for error handling have mostly leaned to the goal that exceptions are for actual exceptional cases and catching exceptions should be left to cases where the user can actually fix the exceptional situation (rare) or logged somewhere appropriate in a global handler. If you are unsure if you should handle an exception, don't handle the exception. Let the calling function catch, or let it continue bubbling up to whatever global exception handlers you want to set, or even just leave them for the browser's Unhandled Exception Handler and Unhandled Rejected Promise Handler to spit out debug information in its dev tools console. Don't bother remembering anything, just let your tools do their job. The difference between catch (error) and if (error) in the callback example is that if you "forget" catch (error), it bubbles up to your browser's handlers, but if you forget if (error) it doesn't stop execution, it doesn't bubble up to your global toolkits and exception handlers and it doesn't bubble up into your dev tools debuggers. (One thing I realized in writing this: due to my rustiness in callback coding I forgot that they should be if (error) return callback(error, null) to properly stop execution, which you want in the default case of not handling the error but passing it back up the chain. Small mistake that could cause debugging headache and adds to my point that the little things that are easy to forget that you always must do in the callback world can have a major impact on debugging...) Also, the not yet implemented module loader spec would include a format similar to the AMD bundle format where modules are wrapped in calls to `System.register`. The article doesn't mention 2 and 3, but just as with 1 the module loader spec that is not yet implemented would also happen to help address 2 and 3 by providing plugin mechanisms to support name mappings like automatic file extensions and mapping canonical module names like 'lodash' to file paths. Bundling may not necessarily be faster with HTTP/2 and proper cache controls. From a developer side, at least, HTTP/2+caching (with or without server push) is preferential in that the browser handles everything (and knows what it needs) versus bundling which is a build process of some sort. From a developer perspective, producing the only the dependency graph is still going to be faster and need less overall IO than building a bundle. You can get a sense of it today with jspm dep-cache versus jspm bundle times. promise-ring [1] is all you need for Node style callbacks. (Bluebird and a few other Promise augmenting libraries also have similar tools, but promise-ring is really all you need.) Eventually, too, Node and Electron and Cordova and everything else will catch up to the fact that Promises are native in ES2015 and the APIs will eventually migrate. But the thing about it is toi, async functions also return promises, so not every await require "Promise boilerplate", as you will presumably be using other async functions that produce their own promises. [1] https://github.com/DavidAnson/promise-ring The Loader spec does include the concepts of a module registry and a low level API for them. From what I can tell skimming the specs, the high level construct of System.register has been in and out of the spec. Also from what I can tell, System.register may be possible to be implemented on top of the low level API regardless of whether it makes it into the final spec or not. I would hope that the Loader spec gets a bit more urgency as developers bump into the limitations of script type=module. There are many, many industries (not just lawyers) that decided touch typing with intermittent shift pressing was hard and found it much easier to just type everything ever in all caps for all eternity. That still comes up anytime you mention removing the caps lock key from keyboards: all the people that do a lot of typing and hate the shift key. Ask someone that works health care records about it sometime. Okay, that's a fair counter-argument. My gut feeling is that's possibly one catch to many and as much as possible I'd want to try to merge the two catches/unifying the error response logic. Another idea is that you could reformat to a "parade" try/catch by adding returns to the catch: try { const response = await fetch('./api.json') } catch (fetchError) { console.warn('this is not cool') return // Exit } try { const json = await response.json(); console.log('YAY! JSON!', json); } catch (jsonParseError) { alert('damn it!'); } Obviously you'd need to move any code you'd want to run regardless of error up into the parent function or out into a wrapper function. Hey Journalists, here's a free headline to spin this the other direction: Microsoft Drops Feature Phones to Focus Renewed Energy Towards Windows Mobile. Microsoft dropped a (albeit semi-profitable) division that had nothing to do core competencies nor with what Microsoft is actually interested in in the the mobile space. This should be cause for celebration for Windows Mobile. Hopefully, maybe, this is just Google brand naming an open standard, such as the draft Web Application Manifest standard. [1] Given the article's insistence that these will still be "sandboxed native apps", I'm skeptical, however. [1] https://www.w3.org/TR/appmanifest/ Perhaps it's the growing user base of meta-bots/assistant agents/bots-as-a-platform-for-other-bots, whatever you want to call them, and a growing ability to have them coordinate and manage smaller "expert"/"skill" bots? Referring here to Cortana, Alexa, Siri, and Google Now/Ok Google, et al. That sort of counts as a shiny new technology or at least a consumer shift, given the increasing ubiquity of these assistant agents today (every smartphone now has at least one installed by default and so does Windows 10 by default; the Echo has been a surprising sales hit for Amazon). Snowcrash and Diamond Age are also great, relatively short introductions to the Stephenson plot style which mostly seems to be "amazing intro, great ideas in world building, then anticlimax and eventual abrupt stop or slow fizzle to the end". The fact that his books only get longer with time makes that pattern more and more confounding for me, at least. The one reversal of the formula I felt was Anathem. It's a very, very slow build of world building (still fun, if you don't mind academic puree), but then I felt had perhaps one of Stephenson's strongest, most climactic endings. I do find it nicer to write my JSON schemas first as Typescript interfaces. Looks like there's a decent tool to automate that conversion to a JSON schema file [1], but I haven't tried that yet. I also think it would be great if Typescript offered a "JSON strict interface" that could warn/error if you do something like use a Date instead of a string. (Even better if you could use that type information along with something like decorators for run-time checks before trying to `JSON.stringify`, at least in debug runs.) [1] https://github.com/lbovet/typson Missing the handy "API" and swanky TLD usage of http://http.cat It appears to be: An abbreviated history of the SI system of measures told with interspersed jokes of arguable usefulness from a first person POV character of unnecessary abstraction. Within this history are glimpses into the complicated history of experimentally verifying Planck's constant and the interest in moving to a Planck's constant-based kilogram rather that the previous kilogram definition. It would seem these glimpses into said experiments and kilogram debates are the reason for this post to exist and key thesis of the chosen title/headline. However the majority of this content is nested deeply below the fold and surrounded by so many tangents and attempts at humor one can only question if perhaps the author or authors misstated their thesis in the title or are intentionally attempting to confuse potential audiences for some semblance of humor. It's easier to make Python 2 code run on Python 3 than Python 3 code run on 2. Why shouldn't Python 2 be optional at this point? It's the version in maintenance-only mode. Python 2 is the VB6 of Python and it seems clear to me that it should be optional going forward for people spending support time on it. Street parking solutions are being proposed. Many streets already have power to the street (street lamps and similar street furniture) and chargers become the new parking meter. Also, there's experiments in street-installed inductive chargers (like the wireless chargers you can buy for many phones these days) and even companies exploring the logical extreme of street-level inductive chargers the "power road" (where the car can draw an inductive charge even while driving), which seems unlikely to be pragmatic but still interesting to experiment with. Car charging is a steady, predictable usage of electricity. People don't all arrive home at the exact same time. Additionally, being giant batteries, electric cars have the means to charge when most advantageous to the national grid. Most electric cars already have an option to wait to charge until off peak rates happen. (Off peak rates being cheaper because low overall demand.) But electric cars may be useful to the grid as giant surge protectors for things just like that cup of tea electric kettle break. Under some of the "smart grid" proposals, the electric companies would be able to not feed electricity to a vehicle in those brief moments of high demand on the grid, prioritizing immediate needs like people's kettles. Furthermore, "smart grid" ideas could even use electric cars as battery backup options, "leasing" already stored energy back from the car and paying it back later, as changes in demand happen. Even if some of those "smart grid" ideas don't get nationalized, you could still theoretically take advantage of some of those kinds of things in your own home. So if anything, electric cars may be surge stabilizers rather than surge causers. This is going to sound flippant, but I mean it seriously: The advantage to fungible electricity seems to me that we've already solved the hard parts of charging infrastructure. We have electric grids that reach just about every building, and with modern lighting standards most parking lots and parking facilities too. Certainly there are "last mile questions" like number of charging devices and type of charging plug(s) and adding plugs to circuits/stringing new circuits near building exteriors and in parking lots and figuring out who to charge for that, but none of them have particularly "hard" problems left to solve at this point. As a Python user myself, the better, more reliable Unicode-by-default string handling in Python 3 is more than enough of an immediate benefit that I've stopped installing Python 2.x on my devices entirely at this point. Obviously, ymmv, but there seem to me to be a lot of immediate benefits to Python users and what feet dragging remains to stay in 2.x seems more like a political protest of some sort than one focused on actual benefits. You phrase that as if the language maintainers are the antagonist here. At that point, why continue using a language if you don't agree with the direction the language maintainers believe to be the language's present state ? Why would you expect hosting companies (such as Amazon in this example) to necessarily pay support costs to continue hosting a deprecated version of a language side by side with the current version? So yes, it seems to me that from the standpoint of a hosting company like Amazon for example, Python 2 should be the option for them to host, should not be guaranteed, and maybe even shouldn't cost the same as Python 3 moving forward. That's the present of the language. You are asking them to support the past of the language. Perhaps you should be willing to pay for them to support the past of the language. (Of course, this particular example is moot because it sounds like Amazon themselves have engineers in the "Python 2 or Die" clade, but it's the example at hand.)