Diagnosed with ADD as a child via. A 6 week double blind study with teachers, parents, doctor. I still take medication as an adult and makes me able to be a software engineer. Without it, I do maybe 4 hour work days. Unsustainable. My largest challenge is dealing with misinformation and the, "oh everyone has ADHD" perception. It's painful to feel so dismissed when my disorder drastically affects who I am, and diagnosis and treatment affects who I get to be. I just can't justify writing my team's code base in typescript. I don't want to make that move, setting us down a very specific path. I don't want to add another layer of training to develop on our codebase, but mainly, I just don't have the confidence that it's a right or wrong choice, and its a big choice. But I get a sense that it would be great to try for smaller, disposable projects as that's limited risk. Does anyone else struggle with TypeScript simply because of how big a choice it can be? I hear you. I'm terrified by the kinds of interviews that want programming trivia. In the last three years I've never had to code a binary search tree. But I should be able to show you I'm very comfortable with Python. I find it beautiful that some things in math are so easily and convincingly disprovable that brute force is a valid approach. Once you have the numbers, it's easily reproducible. Things that look like colonialism are no longer considered acceptable in this era. I installed a different environment and hid all the apps I never use. I can get to them but they're absent from my day to day. I went through a number of iphones and loved the simplicity that iOS provided. Then I got an Android and put a lot of work into my UI via settings menus and drag and drop, which resulted in something far more minimal than what iOS was (at the cost of setting it up). I understand what you're saying and don't necessarily disagree, particularly as I don't know enough about the subject to form a strong opinion. I would intuit that one might argue the contract was in error if there's a clear indication of intent. Same to you. Can you explain why you think so? I bet an analysis like that will find a ton of code that shouldn't be abstracted. Maybe at some compilation level more optimization can be done. But perfectly optimized code is likely much less maintainable. Nevertheless, it would be very revealing and educational. How important is a name for uptake? I think this one might actually have an impact. Not sure why. It just looks and sounds weird. I would love to learn more about languages and marketing. Off to Google! Coding is like driving. Even someone from a developing nation who has never seen it before can learn it. But we aren't all professional race car drivers. It is easy. And it is very very hard. What damage does it do to have a selection of tools available? I like yours better. It's funny. I agree with that 100%. Especially with programming. My largest argument for a large standard library like python's is that we are at least all using the same tools. But for some reason your suggestion really rubbed me the wrong way. Probably because I use Ubuntu a lot and find tremendous value in it. I'll have to revisit my opinions on the matter. I went to school for non CS STEM and now I do software engineering as a career. You're absolutely right. All that stuff was totally critical to me. Clearpath isn't going anywhere. ;) Apply! We love our co-ops. Without reading the article I assumed this would be some tutorial on official Mac OS tools. Once I read it, it was obviously not the case. Just anecdotal evidence. This is why conservation is important, even as a selfish act. Take away bear habitat and you have safety problem to deal with. And the bear patrol tax isn't cheap! The article seems to suggest there's massive illegal logging problems that caused loss of habitat and food. What django gave us out of the box would have been impossible with SQL in the same timeframe with the resources we had. If we had the luxury to do things properly and fully the first time, we never would have made it to market with our robots. This isn't to say that one day we won't throw away django or use more SQL. We just had real world schedules to deal with. "clever code isn't." Is what I try to teach all who will listen. Good code should never be illegible to newbies. And if they can read your code, they can learn way faster. Thanks for sharing your experiences. I would have never known Bluetooth was anything less than a dream. I've apparently been very fortunate. Usually considerably slower than just writing it all again. There needs to be a journal called "Failures" that focuses exclusively on failed experiments and unreproducible results. I'm far more interested in learning why something may have gone wrong. Maybe it's just me but I feel it would surprise many people with its popularity. I'm using fair trade, organic, free range, gluten free JavaScript libraries. I think "advanced cruise control" for example may have been better. The moment you say autopilot or autonomous, you think entirely hands off. Right. But public understanding of the word is not the same as trained pilots. TV and games have fairly conclusively made the word mean "autonomous." I can't. I'm a fraud. Catch the exception and pass. It's why I like python's attitude toward this. It's explicit, not implicit and therefore easier to read and maintain. Not legal in Canada. Debt isn't a criminal offense. I don't think they can arrest you. But maybe I'm confusing it for: they can't throw you in jail for debts. Doesn't the TI 83 calculator still sell quite well? It's a solid machine that does one thing and does it well. You may be right. Haven't thought of that. Any religious activity is fine if it doesn't interfere with your duties in society. If you're falling asleep while fasting, isn't that a sign of going too far with it? Seems intuitively unhealthy. Developers are not fungible. But in my opinion: this "10x" term really has to go away. We need a better way to describe the reality that there's a range in quality and capability for developers that doesn't suggest an order of magnitude. That just means corner cutting. I'd be proud to be a 1.3x-er Ontario has it posted prominently. The top Google result is the official PDF. It's only 76 pages. BC's page has an FAQ saying public library and that its over 1400 pages. Yeah. My internet tech support has been incredible. I have many amazing stories. All possible because the big telecoms were forced to wholesale, allowing competitors to exist in at least a limited capacity. I will never go back to rogers or Bell again simply because of how amazing the support is at teksavvy. Do they exclude from those numbera cars they produce that don't work off the line? The way you describe relevance at each order of magnitude is eye opening to me. It's exactly what we have been doing, but it was never explained so eloquently why we succeed because of that. Did you get this from somewhere or is it your wording? Any feelings on Marathon on the Mac? I recall that game feeling quite groundbreaking in the semi 3d era. I didn't know this wasn't something all phones had. I love random FM radio when I'm on a walk. The moment I hit an ad in just seek and listen to something new. We need a space alien BDFL with the power to cause existence failure to any human at any time. "Benevolent" being the critical part of that. I will fight hard to never use globals or Singleton's. It makes my code conceptually way more obvious but sometimes the boilerplate is just wild to pass things like eventemitter around Everyone doing it the same way is far more valuable than individuals doing everything 5% faster. Every Python library I read is immediately accessible to me. This hasn't been the case for JavaScript. Maybe an editor can allow you to expand function calls so they appear in-line when you want to read them as such. Often I do have the nested call hell, but the alternative is an absurd amount of writing/testing things twice. It was the first video I ever saw run on a computer. I got it on a Nautilus CD and played on my Macintosh LC3. Only 8MB of RAM so it was like 160x120 resolution or something. Very interesting to hear that. The opposite is true for me and I never would have thought people are still offended by that word. Very good to know that a word that's fun and light hearted to me might still offend others. Nerfherder Don't you get a breakdown of what every app has used on Android? Why does the app need to repeat that? You serve your audience, not the other way around. I'm sure a lot of authors and artists feel that the audience is an entity meant to serve them. I want to believe that a cat fell asleep on the space bar. Then eventually woke up and posted. We have a keg at work. It's used enough to not go bad, but there's never been an issue with it. People will have a beer on a Friday or during a lunch on a really busy day. I'm not a beer drinker and bring in cider for those times. This probably goes without saying, but alcohol isn't the problem. I imagine problem people and problem cultures often like to involve alcohol, so there's a correlation. I didn't know that. Incredibly useful, thanks! JavaScript lends itself really well to functional programming, no? Honestly I want both. The mathematical expressions, and an implementation in any language. I never took math in university and am woefully deficient. But the past few years proved to me that I'm 100% capable of learning the concepts. I just really sorely need examples in a syntax I understand. It's definitely no Haskell. But if you wanted to do FP in JavaScript, it wouldn't be a painful ordeal, no? Well, ES6 and newer at least. My experience with ReactJS has been the first time I felt I had the perfect balance of OOP and FP. The components are so well defined as objects since they have the luxury of being tangible. But using them in a pure manner with zero local state makes them so easy to reason about and reuse. More can be said about Redux but I'll leave it there. Also, is it still accurate? I heard its way off now. You can create components from functions or as classes. I will create a button class, which has some methods for how it renders and updates itself and how a user interacts with it. I can then subclass it to make a toggle button or whatever else. Say I have a form with 4 fields and a "Submit" button. The submit button's `onClick` tells its parent that it was clicked. The parent calls `getValue()` on all of its children (the form fields) and dispatches a `updateMyDatabase()` action. My example may be controversial to some as my form fields have state. Some may say that on every keystroke, the form should have an action called that updates the `centralState.formValue`. But regardless of that, I think it's still evident how there's OOP involved? This is a work of fiction right? I feel so stupid for having to ask. I did poorly in high school. Largely because of untreated ADHD. I got to university and did no math. But really excelled at my studies (STEM related). Somehow I got into a software engineering position in robotics. And regularly I need not just the logic and rational thought you gain from school, but the practical math skills. I've been picking up what I need to learn from open courseware like MIT lectures. The thing that really upsets me is that I'm learning it without issue. I was always completely capable of it, but my time in high school convinced me I wasn't. I wish I had been convinced/allowed to take more math in university. I can often be an asshole on Reddit. But I never am here because HN is so clean and well kept. The signal to noise ratio is fantastic and I'll be damned if I'm going to be the one to lessen it. Kind of amazing to me how it works that way: once there's graffiti on the wall, suddenly the perception is that it's okay to put graffiti on the wall. Thank you for sharing. That's exactly what I was trying to convey, without knowing the term. To each their own. I always try to step away from software engineering because I feel I'm supposed to take a break. But am hour into a video game and I don't feel challenged or creative. So I go right back to what I love. I suspect I'm the kind of person who will never truly retire. A million bucks doesn't get you very far. I've worked at a start-up that builds robots for 3 years now and I underappreciated just how much money it takes to run a company. That cool million would pay for what.. maybe 5 or 6 engineers for a year when you account for the cost of salary, a building to work at, resources to work with, benefits, etc. Not that $850m isn't kind of wild for a pure software company. But a million isn't a lot of cash. Yup. The company I'm was was self sufficient after its first few years. Grew slowly and organically. Funding has only been to speed up that growth once our products were proven. Flxbxrizr I set that linting rule in JavaScript. My entire app shows up as a lightning bolt. Makes sense. It seems simple too. They don't have to develop any special skills on a per case basis. Sell everything the same way. Napping on them, even! There is something beautiful about how pure the content on 4chan is because there's no e peen. Very true. The nice thing about some of this is that it's harmless if wrong. Extra sleep won't hurt me, but it'll make me feel better about sleeping rather than feeling that it's wasted time I could have been spending trying to get healthier or smarter. I want this so badly but I feel I'm set up to fail due to how much I hate vegetables. I just can't enjoy salads. I wonder if the "this tastes awful" response will change as I move away from carbs? I'm curious, when are these kinds of compilers truly useful? Maybe its my own ignorance, but language design often doesn't map 1:1, so wouldn't it end up feeling forced? Whenever I design and implement software, I expect it to fail. I wonder, "where's the catch?" I almost obsess over finding it. This design will fail. Why? And like any good software, most of them eventually do. But with that attitude, I had obsessed over understanding the limitations and problems rather than successes, which made the next version much more clear to design. Failure is part of the process! How is it possible to not find the Kildall function if it's there? Isnt it a pretty tiny haystack for today's standards? The part that I fear is the seemingly cookie cutter questions for CS grads, not for developers for that position. I've been doing software dev for almost 3 years. Never had to implement a red black tree. Nor could I, since I never took CS at school. I'm very good at my job but would bomb the technical part of many of the traditional interviews. I will always bet on what comes natural to most to be healthy. It's absurd to think we evolved "wrongly" and need to fight natural tendencies. These discussions are perfect examples of why building good social skills can be more important than learning the next greatest programming language 5.0. Yup. Apologies if it sounded like I was suggesting that. I just wanted to communicate that there's no "wrong" way for things to evolve. Evolution just is . But be careful not to obsess over it. I've seen some worry about the runtime complexity of collections in Python for a handful of elements. Knock over half empty soda can, partially clean up the spill with some pizza greased napkins. Yeah. What I got from this is to completely stray from the norm. Spend your whole day doing the thing we usually struggle to find 5 minutes for. I've been fortunate enough that my employer encourages people to find the patterns that work for them. Now that I've been there a few years, I've been taking greater liberties on when I come and go. Some days I just wander home at 3pm because it's just not happening. Other days I'm there 8-8 and skip lunch because I'm so excited to see a new feature work. I've never been so productive or happy. What kind of punishment could be handed out for this? I wish Canada's system was that good. I've been to the ER twice. 6-8 hour wait for things that weren't life threatening but definitely required an ER visit. Ever waited in an ER for 8 hours while sick as a dog? It's awful. But then I think about how often I intend on being at the hospital and will gladly pay 8 hours every time if it means nobody has to find a co-pay to learn if their cancer is back. They say they will because it's what everyone notices. And a long wait for medical attention seems scary. They can't because the solution is more money and more doxtors and nurses, which isn't easy to solve in the duration of their mandate as a politician. Imagine if the solution is possible but you won't detect it for 10-15 years. That's not going to get you re elected in 4. Can someone point me to how I show full quality animations on an iOS device? I've seen some canvas style spritr sheet solutions but those feel bulky for when I just want a looping animation. WebM has been awesome for animations on desktop but they don't work properly on iOS: won't animate inline. I'm having kids for one reason: I hate mowing my lawn. Ooh good to know. Thank you. :) I mostly agree with you. But let's be fair about the process for getting a key copied: 1. Wander around the store finding someone who looks like they know how to copy a key 2. Follow them awkwardly while they finish helping someone else 3. Watch them wander through all the key templates to find the right one. 4. 20 seconds into the first attempt he notices a deformity and starts over. 5. 11 seconds into the second attempt, the key catches and goes soaring majestically across the store. 6. 53 seconds into the third attempt you finally have your key. 7. Discover you forgot your wallet. Still a bigger security risk than having digital lock doors. Why did they target all the apple devices? What drives a decision like that? Don't you want to target the largest demographics first? I would imagine there's a ton of Linux and windows and Android users? Disallowing JIT due to security. That's something I'd like to understand. What might I Google? Points for communicating and being honest. But it still scares me a little that a process like that can be so easily skipped. I don't even consciously think of risk aversion. For me, it's purely about making the locally optimal decision. Money is a tool to me, and an annoying one at that. I kind of hate it. I want to think about it and handle it as little as possible in my life. So I make the financial fire and forget decisions. I take all the exciting and potentially rewarding risks in the other parts of life. This is why I find myself writing fewer bugs when I'm writing Python. I write less and have less to mess up. In my opinion no. Passion is always critical for a good team. But passion doesn't mean you have to work 60 hours or do home projects. You just have to come to work eager a d excited to learn and grow. I'm curious abiut generally speaking what workarounds you're doing in react. Every workaround I've had to do, eventually revealed itself as a code smell or antipattern. Obviously they are there; no view library is perfect. But I have yet to see what one loons like. Strong opinions lightly held. It's been working for where I work for 3 years now. Maturity helps. And the desire to find the best solution, not the solution you came up with. This looks perfect for live demos and interactive gists of relatively straightforward code. I agree totally. I have an app of a few hundred components and sometimes there's a lot of heavy business logic that feels wrong to have in a component. I also have this ugly mess of scss that don't live with the components. What I'd like to see is a component gets to define it's own structure and default look and feel. So styles in the component. Then you can give it class information if you're giving it your own styling or customization. I would love to be able to package an entire calendar widget, for example, into a module that is only .JSX files. And know that no matter where I import it, by default it'll look and behave in a sane manner. It's kind of McLuhanesque. The artist is on display, not the art. Every time I refactor something in the code my goal is a PR with net negative lines. But it takes experience and maturity to not to silly things trying to hit this goal. Sometimes it's just not possible. 0.1x as a term exists only because it's cute. Instead, perpetually try to be a 0.9x programmer. That would be awful. I'm glad I have yet to experience that yet. Not sure I could tolerate non beautiful code for the sake of a business metric. We just need a large enough group to make a fuss over blockages of discourse being a trigger for them. And that they need safe spaces where they can openly communicate without fear imposed on them of possibly triggering someone else. Holy crap that's not cheap. I pay about 0.08CDN here in Ontario. Which suddenly makes it a lot more feasible. Especially since gas is more expensive here than in most of the US. Stupid or liar. To me, "beautiful" has always been an abstract concept. Unobtainable, but something you always want to try to reach. Beautiful code, for example, would be an implementation that is so obviously and subconsciously elegant that you just "feel good" about it. Not sure a framework or generator could ever be beautiful to me. They're way too complex and therefore have way too much to have to get right. Very interesting. I never knew the name for what I do. I treat the paragraphs of my writing as the "proofs". If you trust me and don't need details, you can get all you need from the section headers. I really hope to see a follow-up story of the FAA giving Delta a serious scolding. In Canada emergency vehicles use flashing red and white lights. Blue are snow plows. Finally a use for Fizz Buzz! That site days US only. So that's useless for most people. But you'd have to make the hundreds of broken connections between the boards you split. So isn't that a really delicate ribbon cable? Absolutely. I'm a picky user who will delete your app in 30 seconds if the setup path isn't obvious and reliable. What is "Ubuntu on Windows"? Are you using that new fangled Linux literally in Windows thing I heard of? How's that going? Not disagreeing but I got all I needed with Atom + atom-ternjs And I don't even have to introduce typescript to my codebase to get surprisingly good hinting and autocomplete. I'm curious, what would you say the % of sites you visit is where they're still useful without JS? Amateur blog SnR gets particularly bad for a while after apple presentations. Yeah that was a poorly worded question, sorry. I'm interested in how far one can get without JavaScript on today's Internet. But it sounds like you don't disable it fully, just only on untrusted sites? 60% is better than I'd expect for sites you expect to work without JS. =) The thing that sticks with me beyond anything else was that there was so much horror that day, it couldn't be kept off TV. I grew up with the understanding that you simply don't see death live on TV. Can you explain what you mean by this being socialism? It doesn't appear to be the socialism I'm familiar with here in Canada. Because a headline is meant to let the reader decide if it's worth reading. The newspaper doesn't get to make that call via. trickery. Is there a better term or is minimalism just stolen from the art movement? It's confused me for so long because this isn't minimalism in the art sense. But I'm not sure of a better label for it. That's stupid. I smile at literally every person I walk past in my day. It's how I acknowledge them. Ooh who? Ballmer? Even large companies do that. When a company I was working for began to grow, we got some contacts from Adobe etc. About "hey, you're using illegal copies and we can help you go legit." Yes that part is absurd. Why isn't it always end to end encryption? I'm getting really paranoid and crochety in my old age of 29, as all I see is a tool to make me the product. My favourite is how it's easier to sell a couch for $20 than it is to give away. Proven three times in undergrad. I agree. But I have to say I had a chuckle that the second half of your sentence looks like hipster mode to me. Writing django and JavaScript apps with a hot reloader has spoiled me. The dev loop for other cases now feels almost painful. To me the bottom line is: people and companies who want to cut the pie to get crumbs. The more they cut, the more crumbs. But also the more likely it is that the pie crumbles. I've never experienced ram issues with chrome. Is it a tangible problem that noticeably hurts experience or do you kind of have to be looking at the RAM stats to perceive that there's a problem? I wonder if I'm missing something or am just not the exceptional case where chromes use of memory matters. Is garbage collection strictly worse than other memory managementarment techniques? Got distracted one sentence in by an assertion that's so at odds with my understanding of the world. Leaflet is fantastic. Once my project got really big, I moved to OpenLayers and havent looked back. But I would start a smaller project using leaflet again. Very approachable library. That's a brilliant idea. I wish I had that article years ago. I'd even consider writing it but I've never blogged and feel it would just be a murky mess. I'd happily collaborate though. =) For me stars is a way to decide how much to scrutinize a package before using it. I feel like "engineer overconfidence" is actually laziness. Any time I've felt inclined to say it's fine, wasn't overconfidence. It was laziness to go through the whole process of re-validating something. This seems like an embarrassing admission, but it was part of me learning how to be a programmer. The rookie me wanted to cut corners. Maybe I'm living under a rock and am asking the obvious: is Mozilla just massively downsizing their expenditures because they're suffering badly? I would love to know how legally and practically this all works in Canada. I feel like it may be very similar, but different enough to matter. I mean no insult by this: were you possibly paid more at your previous employer than the market thinks you're worth? It's a thought experiment. I was convinced it was Asimov. When I had no experience I was asked to define the next few years for my company's single page app. I researched all the major tools and committed to django, react, fluxxor, leaflet. As the major parts. All but leaflet (now OpenLayers) are still around and growing well. The most important thing is that I got to pick which tools felt most resilient to rapid development and lots of rookie mistakes. Even if they may have been overkill or not ideal or some thing I cant possibly know as a newcomer. In the past I did chase the dream of the one toolset to end them all and it had me never committing for any meaningful duration. Same. I'm at work on the toilet. Someone just called over if I needed assistance. Being able to end development is really important. You don't want it to just putter out. Fractioning the prize off to me seems silly. A half, a quarter, and a quarter. Why not just have three winners? Is this purely to deal with prize money distribution? Surely there's a more elegant solution. I said it was some GitHub experiment. He said "...with photos?" "No.. some sound thing." I was pissed when Google suggested I take pictures of the restaurant I was in and submit them. If nobody buys Twitter the stock will take a dive, right? Is this possibly that reality check on the true value? Strongly agree. I identify very strongly with that quote. I'm a geographer with near-zero math or computer science education from university. I work as a software engineer, surrounded by brilliant engineers. I have what I describe as a "swiss cheese practical knowledge of software engineering." I pride myself on being very adaptable, able to understand the components of a problem and the ability to learn how to solve the problem. I also feel exceptionally good at communication and the social aspects of problem solving. I've been doing very well at my job. But I think if I grew up being taught that intelligence != knowledge + trivia, I wouldn't have spent my earlier years fighting the impostor syndrome on a near daily basis. Isn't this just an arms race that they can never win? Regardless of source, encryption, format, etc. If a frame of a movie eventually makes it to my video card's buffer, I can get at it, right? There is no end-to-end encryption from source into my brain. I can only see this just being a colossal inconvenience for users, developers, and many many innocent applications. It's why I drive if it's ever one day away. It ends up being hours longer, but I get an adventure, not a migraine. It's time well spent. That "Hi" after the headline just sucked all of the momentum out of it for me. Should just auto reset forwarding when a password reset is done. Should just auto reset forwarding when a password reset is done. Ayds (pronounced AIDS) appetite suppressant candy. After the renaming of GRIDS to AIDS. Perception that you're always getting the lowest price maybe? I agree with you, it's odd. I know! And isn't that just the greatest?! Look at just how much more we have to learn and do! Hate words by country is the most interesting part for me. I really want to see a deeper study done on that. Whenever I get onto the subject of how robots are taking jobs away from people, my usual simple argument (when the conversation is only going to be a minute long) is that refrigeration took many jobs away, such as ice and milk delivery people. But I wish I could find a more significant example of some industry that was huge and is now entirely gone due to modernization. It's an endless cycle. The Man keeps you down, so you throw together resources and collaborate to have a crowdfunded solution. It becomes successful, grows, hires some employees to maintain things, keeps growing, and becomes The Man. I would intuit that the proportion of labourers to the rest has been decreasing throughout human history. I think what has me most curious is how low can it go. Is it possible to have near 0% labourers? Wow, yeah that's a pretty compelling example. Thanks. He must work for them because this video was half an ad. Conditional rendering is all I really hurt for. But I would prefer not having a 2.0 at all if it wasn't fully backwards compatible. Cool! Though I think a flat matrix would be far more readable. Can't really see if there are any trends on first glance. Precisely. It doesn't mean that their perspective is guaranteed to be rational or free from ugly ideas. But it's a valid perspective. Thanks for the comments. Yes, this deserves more explanation. I mean "valid" essentially as a truism. It's a valid perspective because people are able to hold that perspective. What makes it important to point out, in my opinion, is that it doesn't matter how irrational or ugly or wrong that perspective is, it can't simply be dismissed because it is such. That makes us incapable of fostering an environment in which all parties can grow their perspectives. My wife's pregnant and she often has incredibly irrational fears. She will even point out that she has no logical underpinning for feeling a certain way. But she does feel that way. Her perspective, no matter what doctors tell her, is that there's so many things that may go wrong. And that's valid. Instead of, "well, if you know it makes no sense to feel that way, then stop feeling that way, right?" we work to understand what might be causing it and use what levers and knobs in life we have to eliminate those fears. If we dismiss certain perspectives as being an invalid state for one to be in, we close doors on addressing it. I'm not really much of a writer or persuasive voice, so I hope you're able to pick up what I'm trying to convey. Heck, maybe I'm just using words wrongly. I've been known to cromulate that from time to time. I would like to better understand your point of view. What in particular about the guidelines inclines you to move? Why do you think GitHub shouldn't be doing it? Lol yup. And it needs a stylus and a flip cover. And call it the Newton! I feel like it will be mediocre at both living room and mobile gaming. How can it possibly be powerful enough to attract third party developers? Doesn't this compete with 3DS? I live near Waterloo, Canada. It feels very good for us as we have always struggled to convince people to come live in the snowy abyss rather than cozy California. The beauty of a project like this, is that you get plenty of experience and fun building an engine, without being up the creek on art assets, game design, etc. Some of my favourite personal projects are where I wholesale rip off assets from other games, used as placeholders for assets that will never arrive. My creative space is then the underlying engineering and game systems. Thanks for sharing. Maybe my perception of what mobile-sized hardware can do is out-of-date. Canada is the U.S.put through a low pass filter. Milder extremes but basically the same. It's always winter! Impeachment and VP becomes president? Or personal pardon! As a self taught programmer who did no math in university, the most valuable thing to me was the discovery that the math really isn't scary. Once you understand the symbols and notation, most concepts are rather easy, given you commit time to learning it. I strayed away for so long until I watched the MIT lecture series on algorithms and it all just clicked. The best feeling was was seeing the math on the chalk board for how you determine the complexity of operations on various graph layouts and just getting it. I struggled in high school math and rarely got that feeling in class. It was just one of those, "holy crap... It's all just an array and how we organize the data in that array that gives various benefits and drawbacks!" Incredibly empowering. Edit: This is the series I watched: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtSuA80QTyo&index=1&list=PLU... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtSuA80QTyo&list=PLUl4u3cNGP... I used YouTube to slow down and speed up the videos as necessary. Watched some parts a few times. Had a notepad out. I don't work as a cartographer but I studied geography for a Bachelor's and Master's. That being said, my knowledge has atrophied a lot. I was exposed to hundreds of map projections in school, so I'm still kind of trying to figure out what the novelty is here. It just looks like a Japan-centrerd equal-area projection. The tetrahedron is kind of neat. Projections are generally planar, cylindrical, or conical. By using a mosaic of planes, I imagine the formula for this projection would be unbelievably complex, making it much less general purpose. When you want to represent a spheroid on a 2d surface, you have to distort one or more of shape, area, direction, distance. The objective when selecting a projection is to understand the intended purpose and audience. If I had to make a guess, I'd say the relevance here is the exploration of what projections we most commonly use and if they're still the best choices for today's purposes and audiences. I would love to see what Tissot's indicatrix looks like for this projection. Whenever I see absurd stuff like that, I wonder if the companies are really worth working for. What's your opinion? Do they feel worthwhile despite the silliness of the hiring process? Japan is known for an exceptional level of nationalism through history. But yeah, you see this a lot. You can see the domain name before clicking the link. Just don't click them. Leave it up to others to make that decision for themselves, as well. The word "brave" still feels laughable in the corporate context. At most, a company has calculated it wants to take a larger risk. "Brave" probably makes sense in the context where a company is ready to literally bet it all on something they believe in when they're in a sustainable position. If we had proprietary gas stations today, it would be just insane. This seems like something the government needs to regulate if the companies can't do it themselves. You're right. Which suggests its even more important to regulate a standard. Having a period of competing standards will delay the proliferation of electric vehicles by complicating the charging story. When a game has multiplayer servers, is Valve involved at all? Wouldn't this be incredibly easy to discover? If number of published apps divided by account age is greater than threshold, raise review red flag when user attempts to publish new app. Yeah. And Decimal in Python would return the correct value too. Canada is the U.S. put through a low pass filter. Don't expect things to be drastically different here. Just less extreme. Federal prison is probably not as terrible as some of the conditions Mexicans flee from. Wouldn't this possibly be faster too? Is there ever a reason to commit to disk anything you don't keep after a reboot? Aren't clubs and extracurricular activities perceived rather differently in Japan as well? Being part of clubs, from my very limited vantage point, seems to be incredibly culturally important. Maybe some prisons can fundamentally change to becoming some sort of YMCA-like environment. I imagine a lot of the prisoners are non violent. If so, I wonder if you could co-mingle those who live at the "prison" with those who go for the social activities and whatnot. Wow. Thank you so much for taking the time to share. I just learned a lot. It seems like there's a lot of value in it being taken so seriously and focusing on one thing. That must do wonders for a persons discipline. But the way I grew up (in Canada) I couldn't imagine doing it that way. I did hockey a lot. And some baseball. A summer of drawing classes. Some engineering summer schools, robotics, etc. I never became great at any of those, but I did become great at being adaptable. Again, thank you for taking the time to share. I think Canada and the US could use a balance of the two. Teachers should ha e authority but not to such an extreme I watched CNN and it was so painful to watch them try to keep it exciting. They didn't want to call Florida for so long even after it became statically impossible for Clinton to make up the difference. The sense I got is the sooner the conclusion is reached, the sooner people stop watching. Because it's creepy and weird so we will consider a quick slaughter more ethical than experimentation because bacon and steak is so delicious. That's my guess. Honestly, I was going to buy one. But the itch will probably pass by the time they're back in stock. Since I'm filling that itch with emulators now. At an impulse buy price point, I wonder how many unrecoverable lost sales are caused by lack of supply. Flat colours in a 3x3 matrix? It's as if computers were meant to handle and manipulate data like that. Maybe they don't see censorship the way you do. Maybe it is, in their eyes, about the ethical and honourable protection of their culture and social values. You are the best kind of right. What is W3C doing here then? Or will what WHATWG standardizes will basically be what this is? All I can hear is my A-10 Simulator saying, "ALTITUDE, ALTITUDE!" in what seems like a calm female voice, but I can't un-hear it. Artists are basically the support class of society. They don't producr anything directly, but the producers all benefit from, and kind of need them. It's such a tired argument. Should we be horrified that humans decided to invent and evolve technologies that lead to anything possibly harmful? Do this by autotuning everything I say and I'm sold. I'm fascinated by the idea that there are likely a lot of smells which are nearly unaffected by time. Wildflowers on the countryside probably smell very similar regardless of what century you're in. I wonder if there might be a "standard candle" of smell? I'm also fascinated by the concept of a scientific endeavour to describe smell through a reproducible apparatus. One could describe a method that could closely reproduce a smell. Ie. in order to know what ____ smelled like, take these base ingredients and do these things with them. I wonder if this was ever attempted. I always thought FP == pure functions. I guess not? Political opinion blended to a puree with racism and harassment. If it tells us, then this is a wake up call to me because I don't recall ever becoming informed of that. I must have rushed past the notification. I probably would have still say OK but I like to at least be aware. Shame on me. That and trying to pretend events like Tiananmen Square never happened. I get what you're saying. But the things you can't transition to the cloud are microphones, cameras, keyboards, other HIDs. If they see a future where there is no "pro" because we can all be pros, wouldn't you want to reduce the cost of entry as much as possible? Ie. make it trivially easy for anyone to plug almost any HID in and begin authoring content. People being assholes, dicks, or just plain evil is probably the most exceptional of exceptions. It's considerably more likely that there's a much more complicated explanation that deserves understanding and compassion. I felt the same kind of hesitation getting into Swift and C#. But last summer I finally set a 6 hr/wk schedule to learn the meat and potatoes of 2D game development using both, just to better understand what's out there. I learned a lot. But the most interesting lesson was that learning new tools was easier than I expected it to be. XCode and Unity, along with a lot of great tutorials and example code made it fairly painless. The hardest part was pushing past the expectation that learning a new language would be time consuming and difficult. The most useful lesson I learned was to embrace new tools sooner. I think there's a natural gravitation towards using a language/tool because that's what you know. Of course we don't all have the luxury of the same amount of free time to learn new things, but I think you'd really surprise yourself, like I have, at just how much you can learn. I was a huge gamer but I've never made a game before. Not that I made anything too special. I made a breakout clone on swift and a 2d space shooter roguelike in unity. I more meant, instead of using the tools you know, don't be afraid to invest sooner in the tools that are right for the job. Are the MacBook USB-C ports special in some way that makes them USB-C and also a non-standard charger port? If not, then they must be compliant USB-C ports and therefore would not be supplying an incorrect voltage. As far as I understand the fundamentals of electricity, current doesn't matter. A 5v USB power source that can supply 100 amps would still only supply whatever the device was designed to draw when charging. But all of that is moot if the MacBook ports are "special" USB-C ports and somehow they negotiate a voltage higher than 5V. So if I plug a dumb device into it that only makes electrical contact, it won't make that negotiation. So, so long as Apple's MacBook USB charger is compliant, it won't destroy anything USB that I plug into it, so long as those devices are also compliant. Right? Aye. I found its interface to be simpler but it quickly became clear that it was fundamentally useless since I lost the performance gains of partial mutations that left unmutated parts of the structure with the same reference. I hope one day I'm so wealthy that I can use my source of livelihood to make a sociopolitical statement. Until that day, I'd much rather ensure that my children are safe and happy than to stand up against my employer's wrongdoings. (I don't work for Facebook. But I thought about how practically impossible it would be for me to do the "right thing" if it were my company) Canada. I'm not saying I would turn a blind eye if my company was doing something dangerous or illegal. But in that fuzzy zone of unethical, maybe illegal but maybe not... As awful as it sounds, my household has one income and it's not silicon valley amounts of money and it feels instinctive to protect my own above all else. I want Blender and Unity to be like chocolate and peanut butter. I've had no luck learning a language on its own. But I've had a lot of luck learning languages as part of something bigger. Like C# via. Unity, Swift via. 2D game dev in XCode. Any suggestions on what I should apply C to as a way to learn it? Documentation should absolutely be technical, exhaustive, and.. I dunno what to call it, "written for people who know what they're doing." Then have a load of general examples to cover the non-experts and initiates. There's no faster way to learn how to begin using a library than to look at some complete examples. That's the one thing that Immutable documentation misses. I wish there was a "Show example" link on almost every non-trivial method. Hmmm... Yes I'll have to give it some thought. I use Python for most of my scripting needs. I guess I've never had a need that's required better performance. Yup. I'm going to make some scripts. Thanks. :) The government already gives the CBC much more than 400M/year. And so far it seems to be fine. CBC is also a premium quality television channel and news/media website. I believe CBC Radio is already ad free. The only ads I hear on it are ads for its own programming. I hope not. They're not really ads so much as information. They're incredibly short and don't feel like ads. It's basically a, "Tonight at 8 we talk with some professor about some current event." I get a sense that Holmes has surrounded herself by the kind of people who will stand by her crazy side to pretty much the end. I'm not going to armchair psychologist and suggest a diagnosis... but she's gotta be something... I love that you can almost reasonably measure their distance in lightyears. To many of us, money is a tool. You convert time and effort into money, store it, then convert it back into other things when necessary or desired. To many others, money is a high score. My bank account says otherwise. I have a $30/mo Internet bill and a $30/mo phone bill. Both get me unlimited Internet at good bandwidth, so I just watch a metric ton of YouTube, Twitch, etc. I've never had any other monthly telecom service. Canada. Wind Mobile and Teksavvy with a grandfathered plan and 6 $1 off referrals. To be fair mobile is unlimited up to 6GB then throttled back to what seems to be about 4 or 5mbit download. I hit that cap only once when I was away from home for a week and used it as a constant hotspot. There's crappy things about React but one thing I like about it is that if you know JavaScript and HTML, you know the syntax for React and JSX. Like you can pretty much write what you would expect to write as plain HTML and it'll work. I LOVE this style of documentation/teaching. What is it? How does it know that? How did I figure that out? The second and third question are far more useful but usually not included in documentation or commentary. The title is a question. So yeah, "no." The way to do branding right is to make it part of your DNA, not just a tool to deploy when you think branding matters. Leaflet is awesome and what I'd recommend for any starter or simpler project. But also be aware of the existence of OpenLayers when your needs start to grow considerably. I find it much more featured and closer to a GIS than just a mapping interface. A random 30% of the document and scripts don't load. ;) I think some breeds are just kind of fundamentally flawed. Were chihuahuas bred to be obedient or were they bred to be toys and possibly food? One of the most common challenges that I see engineers face is to effectively empathize with the user. When you know a lot about something, you just see it in a fundamentally different way. This makes it difficult to focus on making it easy for the user to do what they want, not what you think they should want. When I drive my car, I just want to get from point A to point B while listening to a podcast. I don't care to know how they work. This doesn't make me enfeebled or ignorant, I would just rather commit my learning cycles elsewhere. Computers need to be the same. Why would we be so foolish as to think that it's a wrongdoing that people are able to effectively use computers without having any clue about how they function? Literacy isn't about forcing people to learn things, it's about ensuring that everyone has the baseline exposure to help them discover if they have an interest in a topic, and then the resources to explore that topic if they choose. Not sure how I feel about, "oh everyone's looking this way! Let me get political" Yeah I hate that. Beyond what you said, it also suggests to me, "Not Yet must mean that it will annoy me again and again." Even if that's not true, I may never visit the page again if my perception is that it's gearing up to annoy me. I will often see: OK, NOT YET, DON'T SHOW AGAIN. Which I think is fine. Maybe I'm naive, but it seems incredibly impressive that the 6502 only has that many transistors! I read your comment and went to scroll down to add the Strangelove quote. Delighted when I saw you already had. :) What's a black bar? I loved that Lego was even units so you could end up having two things half way across your universe pretty much line up perfectly, or require just a few adjustments. But the fact that THREE flat pieces equaled a standard height piece drove me nuts as a kid. WHY NOT TWO OR FOUR? Thanks. Good point! Odd number allows for strong and simple joinery. Was it a paycut or really just electing to convert less time into money? So many salaries look and sound impressive until you actually do the math on what it costs you. "If you try to 3D print Lego, you get Mega Bloks" The US has never practically been about any of that. They just have an amazing publicist. I have no stats to back up a position, but I wonder if this truly is the safer choice. That's quite a first sentence. I always felt that cases are expected and the design is based on letting the user decide what the case will be like. You may be right but do you have any evidence? It's too convenient for developers to just blame managers when stupid things happen. Didn't the AMD guy respond months ago that he expects they'll reduce it to like 30k loc? What happened to that? Not that this is the crux of the problem, just curious. Sounds like not giving them cash can be abused anyway. So yeah, really seems like not wasting all the administrative costs of micromanaging other people's finances may be the way to go. Is the browser sandbox going to keep growing until it's pretty much a somewhat pared down desktop virtual machine? Not implying this is good or bad. Haven't read the spec and am totally uninitiated in this kind of thing. But doesn't it add a very broad surface for attack? Go to CNN, Fox News, NBC, etc. and count the number of "scary or negative" headlines/links. You can be the judge on what's scary/negative. I bet you it's probably near 90%. That sound good if you're in isolation. But I have to use many different peoples computers in the goal of collaboration and team support. Do you find it possible to natively know both layouts or does one hamstring the other? Also never ask if the CPU is properly seated. Just ask them to unseat and reseat it. Should I be proud or ashamed? :) Even if this drives up urban prices, this is fundamentally the right thing to do. I'll happily pay more if it means better infrastructure for my rural countrymen. But I'd like to think that the next item is to tackle prices and profits. Nationalize the grid and generate competition amongst providers and maintainers. Concerns me that the person doing that job couldn't connect the dots of kids using parent's devices. What I see is an industry of independent content developers who have gotten very close to the simplest form possible of "push button, receive dopamine." As an upcoming parent, I feel I just need to not overreact and be moderate. Like TV in the 1900s, I just need to not rely on YouTube to babysit my kids. Also, maybe they're advertising a credit card to the parent or guardian that's nearby. ;) Snowden has always come off to me as a very what you see is what you get kind of person. Largely because he seems so dull (because he's not out drumming up attention, I suppose). What I need is natural natural language processing to become so good that it just works. I don't respect voice as an input method because I feel uncomfortable using it, since I have to pre plan my question rather than stream consciousness like I will to my family and peers. I want to be able to have this conversation: "Computer, how much does a.. hmm what's it called.. uhh.. a loud keyboard, what's that called?" "A mechanical keyboard?" "Yes. The ones from the.. uh I forget the company name." "Corsair? Razer?" "Razer! How much does their newest mechanical keyboard cost?" "The newest keyboard from Razer is... " This is the greatest game I've found this year. I've been craving this. The way geometry and trigonometry was explored a long time ago by playing with arcs and lines is just so so cool to me. Yup. In my opinion, this isn't a problem that needs solving. I bet with thumbprint security, money is more secure from house hooligans than it was when held in a wallet. As an upcoming parent, these are the things that scare me. Where my kids start exhibiting what look disturbingly like addictive behaviours. Is this just how kids naturally are, or are screens just so compelling? I remember loving the TV as a kid but recall that somehow, magically, my parents kept me off it outside TV hours without use of a password. I need to figure out that secret before its too late! I disagree. Fingerprints are privacy locks, not security locks. The lock in your bathroom isn't meant to secure the bathroom. It's just a way to ensure that people get the message, "please don't enter". A fingerprint on a phone is a way of saying the same thing. This phone isn't meant for common use, please don't enter. Depends how likely this scenario is. Adding security to a high risk, low occurence event can be seen as wasteful. Also before this technology, people kept credit cards in their wallet, which suffered the same fate from house hooligans. And before credit, people did keep $250 in their wallet. That seems very intuitive. I wonder how it translates to mobile devices. I suspect the same applies, so long as I apply the same discipline to providing access to the tablet. If they're inside and sedentary, they'll want it. If it's not tablet time, keep them busy. Is foraging actually natural? Don't cats kill their meal, leaving it all in the same place? Sounds more like an excuse I'd give my wife for why I solved the tampering problem by introducing a mess problem. Take two cereal boxes. Put one flat and the other on its end. Smack the flat one into the tall one. Which one begins to roll? This is severely exaggerated but you get the idea of what's happening between the car and SUV. Definitely a spectrum. Bike locks are for security, but mainly just to make your bike less convenient than another one nearby. If someone wants into YOUR phone, they'll get it. If someone wants into A phone, a thumbprint may be plenty. Yes, absolutely. :) There's a Mario 602 star race all day today on Twitch. Unfortunately I can't find the link on my phone but it should be easily discoverable. I bet legal experts could speak to this very well. At what point is someone breaking in? Makes sense. Pulling the nutrients out of a rodent carcass would take considerably more effort and paw eye coordination than just eating kibble from a bowl. I was more focused on the "foraging" concept with regard to cats. I don't think cats forage. Yeah. I guess now I'm just being pedantic on foraging vs. hunting. =) Barn cats are so cool! Little murderfloofs with their instincts well intact. "As a surgeon I appreciate planning the operation before cutting the person open." Your comment seems trivially true to me. How can one possibly begin the second without the first? And yet people try it all the time! That's always my fear about one day working for a big company. I'm not a good drone. I'm probably the most firable person if you look at me on metrics alone. I want to be excited by a good non-Apple laptop. But they're all just so terribly designed. They're always some sort of plastic, feel flimsy and bendy, have grills and screw holes and uneven surfaces and stickers everywhere. I had a T530 for a few years at my first job and just hated it. It had fantastic specs but it felt awful and unreliable and like I had to babysit it. I got a 2015 MBP to replace it after IT damaged it (broke off a bunch of plastic bits from two grills) and while it was a migraine getting Windows and Ubuntu to dual boot, I don't think twice when closing the lid and slipping it into my backpack to go home. Tossing my backpack into my trunk, or in the overhead carry-on. I would pay a fortune to have a solid chassis (not case) metal non-Apple laptop available. I was given it on day one so I don't know it's history, but it was definitely maxed out specs. So fantastic for what I was used to? =) The keyboard was very nice. Though the trackpad was terrible. The #$*(# thing is a damn sticker. And I had to replace the sticker twice because it would wear smooth where I used it most. All 3 laptops suggested to me in this thread have foldy complicated hinges. What's the deal with that? Yeah! But a massive drawback is forgetting that it's metal and that you left it in your trunk last night. I was in my jimjams Christmas morning, went to put on some music, and without thinking, placed this frozen box of death onto my bare legs. I remember the day Mr. T convinced me not to do drugs. In Ontario (maybe Canada, maybe many countries?) if you recycle a beer bottle, it gets melted down and re purposed. If you return a beer bottle to the beer store, it gets cleaned and refilled, which I expect is considerably more efficient. Not dismissing the negative issues related to these people, there seems to be potential for them to be doing a considerable service for our communities. I always say that Canada is just the U.S. put through a low-pass filter. In this case, it feels very true too. Toronto and Vancouver are like our NYC and SF, to a somewhat more toned down extent. But then there are countless other cities where living in them yields the same overall quality of life at a considerably lower price tag. I think you're being myopic about the reference Mark is making. The way I read it, he's not suggesting there is a 1:1 relationship between the two, and therefore isn't trying to suggest the military has anything to do with diplomats. It's that the U.S. Government and alphabet soup organizations are providing scary but ultimately benign evidence in order to back policy decisions. We want into Iraq. How do we justify it? We want to keep Trump away from Putin, how do we justify it? If framed properly (ie. this isn't Amazon quality, buyer beware!) this would be the single most exciting advance in commerce for myself. 99% of the friction of me selling used stuff I don't want or new stuff I produce is the shipping and money handling logistics. I can't do Craigslist/Kijiji. I'm socially awkward and would rather throw away item X than risk the possibility of an awkward situation where someone's messing with me or trying to barter the price down, etc. Having suffered severely from impostor syndrome for a few years, I caught myself asking a lot of really useless advanced questions that made me feel/look smart, and ignore the simpler but useful questions. I was afraid that I would spill the beans on being a fraud who had no idea what he was doing, so I'd pretend that of course we'll use library X to write algorithm Y, but then bring up unnecessary complexity about implementation details. One significant transition I made as I started to feel valuable and deserving of my position was to stop asking stupid questions and start asking simple questions. I don't know enough about these topics to give you a worthy response, so I'm going to do some more research in the near future. Thank you for responding. It wouldn't surprise me. As a result of seeing some pretty horrible animal torture on YouTube, I was convinced for a few months that summary executions was the only appropriate way to deal with people capable of that behaviour. I was convinced that if you can harm a defenseless animal, you were sub-human and not worth our time to try and fix. Amazing what anger can bring you to. I agree with pretty much everything people say about Atom. But I tolerate those flaws because of how easy it is to get my environment configured for a bunch of languages. Finding working, decent plugins for sublime felt frustrating at times, and never quite obvious. This may be rather ignorant of how the motivational structure of a large company works, but is it possible that some of these issues, like missed ship dates, is caused by a lessening of the amount of fear that trickles down the hierarchy? Wasn't Jobs the kind of person you were terrified of letting down and doesn't that kind of thing trickle downward? This is generally what roadblocks me when I try to pick up vim. The part I hate about atom is reaching for my mouse. But I like that I didn't have to sacrifice my firstborn to get a sane setup for three langauege simultaneously. Very true. A Jar Jar museum! I thought that there's constantly countless cells in your body with genetic mutations. Most just have benign effects. I'd better research this a bit more. Thank you! That's something I wouldn't have discovered so easily and makes my learning about it much easier. My dad's been working on his startup thats gone nowhere for a decade now. Reading your comment just instantly and drastically shifted how I perceive the value of him doing that. Redux is like 200 lines of code and very explicit without any magic. What exactly is complex about it? I think too often people don't appreciate that redux, like all frameworks is a trade-off and is often the wrong tool for the job. Speaking about it as if it's a generic framework to trade out for another framework is a sign that it's being selected for the wrong reasons. If it's not making your life easier, you probably shouldn't be using it for that application. It's a really nice framing hammer, not a multitool ;) When I got into front end, I used redux for a small SPA with about a dozen actions and didn't really get it. "I could do this with react and basic JavaScript. Why am I writing so much extra?" I refactored redux out and it was much better. I have another application that interfaces with a number of APIs, is a very thick client and needs to recover from local storage on startup. Redux fit like a glove! The boilerplate is very intentional. If you want a framework that reduces boilerplate by doing some magic or having a more strict interface, then yeah absolutely, Redux isn't the right choice for you. When you're that rich, money is more of a high score than a tool. A pay cut will have more symbolic and emotional effect than actually lacking that money. Do you mean that you have room to make mistakes and embarassments or that you can be a bit of an unlikable but highly productive person? This sounds like an insult any way I write it but I think you know what I mean. Nobody likes the drill sergeant, but he saves your life. When you fly a plane, are you tuned into a whole bunch of different radio channels at all times? I have about 100 things that are 5% finished. I would start a neat project and have no willpower to take it anywhere. It was a depression feedback loop. I discovered I was depressed because I felt like any time I wasn't actively being "productive", I was wasting my life. I would come home from a long day of engineering to jump into more engineering. Over the holidays I vowed, as an experiment, to just do nothing "productive". Maybe if I play video games and watch Netflix and be with my wife more, I'd end up being more productive in the long run. These past 3 weeks have been my happiest in years. The part I'm still trying to figure out is how to convince myself of this truth the next time I feel like leveling my Night Elf while watching Suits with my wife is a waste of time that I could be using to make something really cool. I hate hearing my hard drives grinding away only to find its windows fucking telemetry. I keep trying to shut it off to no avail. But unlike Steve Jobs, he's an engineer. My favourite bosses were engineers first. I wonder what % of Apple employees hare secrecy culture and want to see it die versus the % who were hired due to a compatible attitude towards it and thrive in that kind of culture. I'm very interested in things that make a massive ship very hard to turn. If they wanted a drastic culture shift, would they have to replace a lot of managers and leaders? How likely is it that a successful model involves _sizable_ losses? Not the best of maps to tell that story. The loxodromes between Washington and the countries he visited aren't all that useful, yet draw most of the attention. I'd probably make a list of countries, ordered by visit. Beside that, a simple political map with the markers. I'd resist the urge to label the markers with the city he visited, but I might have a mouse-over for more info and a link if available. To me that's surprisingly inaccurate. With a corrected system, no ground reference data, we can get 10cm RMS, no? It's interesting how perspective matters so much. I grew up in Ontario, work for a tech startup here. One visit to silicon valley convinced me that I never want to work there. I hated the culture, I hated the lazy weather and accompanying attitude. I hated driving everywhere. I hated the prices. Winter is probably a huge shock to many, but I think it builds character and can-do attitude. Plus hockey. I agree with you. I'm talking about how much perspective matters. None of my feelings about SF are really evidence backed. I wasn't aware that curl had a community or website. I always thought of it as just a command in my terminal. Guess my eyes are open just a little bit wider than yesterday. Don't forget grepcast! If only we could be so candid, maybe our tushies would get the royal treatment. Have you ever tried to frame "help people don't deserve" as being a selfish act? Ie. I like social programs not because I want to give out free help but because I want to increase the demographic of who can buy my products, reduce who may try to hurt me, etc. Any suggestions on a good primer for what shaders are and how they work? For years I've always thought "shaders" are just effects you can layer onto a rendered scene. Say, to get an 80s effect, or bloom, or a cel shading effect, etc. I never really thought of it as a way to actually do the base scene rendering. How will she ever fit into silicon valley culture without all these things ?! Didn't Feynman famously conclude that Challenger was largely to the blame of a culture that didn't respect safety over timeline and budget? That part felt a lot like Apollo 1. I recall reading that there was a fundamental ignorance at critical levels of management t on how risk is even measured. When you find swaths of knowledge that younger people don't know, you've found success in the overall human goal of abstracting concepts and building on the shoulders of those who came before us. I'm not suggesting the article is a, "Gosh, Millenials!" conversation. I just get a warm tingle when reminded that I have absolutely no clue how to do something people did just a generation ago, and I don't need to. It's success! It's also instant access. It's just there, always running, always immediately ready. Are they though? The last paragraph says they will comply. I think this says little new other than there being a lot of confusion everywhere. The game RimWorld does exactly this. I could only hope like he pins big tech against a wall and forces them to bring their full force to bear. Dangit. I came here to get an explanation of what this is. It looked like a joke page making fun of designers. Like a fake ATM PIN number that shows only $28 in your account and signals authorities. Interesting. I thought RimWorld hid a few pentagons. Maybe the creator changed that plan? I see a flag button. I think it's points? I have 1325 Is there any relevance to this taking place in Israel? Does it happen elsewhere? Thanks for sharing. Didn't know that. Always thought it was as suggested above: you loop around by going negative. I flat out deleted Facebook (the hidden option that truly deletes you). Turned out to improve my social life. I focused on and nurtured the friendships that truly mattered to me. Well,the less obvious option I had to Google to find. It doesn't just set my account as inactive, it deletes it so that I no longer appear in friends lists as a referencabl e person. It seems like what these parents really want for their kids is enculturation, but they don't realise it. A western education on its own is still rather limiting when it comes to career and life success. If he's not allowed to say that he thinks she let herself down, then you're not allowed to say you think he's coming off as tone deaf, right? I think that because there's an issue of gender here, we are scrutinizing every word far too much. I agree with him. One thing I learned when growing up playing sports is that you always do your best when playing. Throwing a fit or protesting by giving up only lets yourself down. Finish the game, and then go protest. I always consider automation to first target jobs with "trivial decision making." I think trading fits into that, as you can pretty much distill it down to an algorithm. At least as far as I understand it. Physicians are another great example. A lot of their job today seems to be about translating signs and symptoms and following a decision tree. I'm excited about the opportunities to displace current duties with today's nice to haves, such as physicians who have time to dig deeper into a person's well being than their symptoms that day. You should see the Tesla employee parking lot. Most of the people working on these cars will never afford one. I guess I'm jaded from my week spent there. It was a whole different world to me. One lady talked to me about how this is her second job today and that she can barely make it on time to today's safety training because of the bus schedules. The parking lot was an ocean of beat up cars. The perception I got was that nobody on the production floor would ever own these cars. The most interesting part of this was seeing that apples review board provides UX design suggestions. I never would have expected that. We got two spaniels (years apart) from the same breeder. Both died suffering of a number of abnormalities that became pronounced when they got older. Later we found that the breeder was forced to stop altogether because the dogs were so consistently damned. I can still hear what I can only describe as "screaming" by our first spaniel the night she came home after an emergency operation. She had to be let go that night. Nothing in my life has haunted me the same way. That was it for dogs for me. I have two wonderful cuddly cats and I'm delighted by how genetically unremarkable they are. American cocker Very sleek. Any examples of real-time data rendering and interaction? I often find that real time GIS needs are sorely underrepresented in the web world. I mash the wrong one probably 25% of the time. And then I just feel awful. Someone checked in a `node_modules` folder by accident. Largely because I'm relatively new to all of this and probably don't know better, but I've found success just using divs for all layout and doing it myself. Which is a smell to me, but I just can't help but find that every time I have consistent results and expected behaviour. Div and flexbox for everything. It actually reminds me of another smell I have with django: write my own serializers and views rather than using any of the magical ones. I tried so hard to use the freebies but the moment you want something that isn't exactly as prescribed, it becomes a disaster. That's been my experience with CSS and HTML layouts. Which points something out about historical quackery: a lot of people knew it was nonsense even when it was new. One day that whole new level is going out to the outer planets to have a think. I was the same. Probably still am sometimes. The most helpful reminder to myself was that this isn't a shame or punishment thing. It's simply that most people aren't receptive when spoken to that way. So instead of feeling like I was being shamed into being polite, I just reminded myself that it's my loss if I can't communicate my thoughts, no matter what the transport mechanism looks like. I think there is a lot of feedback, mostly constructive criticisms. I would encourage you to embrace a lot of what everyone is saying and not to take it personally. You've done far better than most developers: you authored something and shared it with the world. To this day I'm still too afraid to show HN or Reddit my work. It's unbelievably flexible though. I'll have to check it out next time. Thanks for sharing! I always make the woodworking analogy. You don't hear people say "I'm a huge router fan." "I'm a tack hammer kind of gal." "I was born a radial arm saw user and I'll die one!" Maybe you want to make cabinets, or houses, or decks. Pick the tools that help you make what you want to make. The only guarantee you'll ever get is that companies that make lots of money will succeed more than companies that don't. When it comes to real estate: location, location, location. On average, you honestly can't go wrong with anything in the Virgo Supercluster. Are drug cartels large enough and organized enough that you could wage conventional war on them? Or do they just fade into the populace like a guerilla organization? Obviously it's a tremendously complicated situation, but has anyone ever considered plans to bomb opium fields in another soverign nation or whatnot... I feel like nothing is off the table with Trump. I believe "Don't Mess With Texas" was also about littering. Hey that's me! I had a frustrating moment the other day where a colleague said that float(5) was more explicit and personally preferred in Python than a literal 5.0 I realised I was being pedantic but I genuinely believed in "good craftsmanship" when I really pushed him to change it. I need to get better at this because the social friction I caused may cost more than the poor craftsmanship. But the other part of me is thinking, "c'mon man... Seriously?" I pointed that out but also immediately conceded they it doesn't matter since it was instantiated once at runtime. Which is why I call it craftsmanship. It works the same for all intents and purposes, but c'mon. :) Am I reading that right: on average it's 10x faster to use a float literal? Very cool thanks. So something like PyPy would probably very quickly optimize it, since it has a deterministic result. I think I'm going to experiment with that one. Do people really voice search for things like that? Aside from drivers going hands-free, I have never seen a colleague or friend use voice commands where it wasn't just for the novelty. Higgs Boson? Yeah it absolutely is reliable and easy. I just haven't seen it catch on among my circles. Interesting. Binary trees was that for me. I listened to lectures and understood them very well from a conceptual point of view. But once I started writing them from scratch as an exercise did I learn that understanding the theory alone was woefully insufficient. I'm waiting for 4chan or the like to catch wind and punt on every first down. Absolutely. The amount of "magic" Django does slowly became a real detractor for me. The way I define queries by using a custom language in the form of keyword arguments makes me wonder why I don't just learn SQL instead? I would much rather do something like: models.Foo.objects.filter(sql=my_sql_query_str) Instead of something like: models.Foo.objects.filter(name='bar', parent__siblings__count__lt=3) And no special abstraction on SQL in the form of special classes. Just a string of SQL that I compose with Python string formatting. SQL isn't scary. I don't see the need to try and hide it. Hah!! So so true. Also, what percentage of women in tech would represent success in diversity? I don't believe it's exactly 50% in any discipline, lest we suggest the diversity of our genders has zero impact on what people want to do with their lives. So if it's not exactly 50%, what percentage is it? How can you even figure it out? A lack of diversity is one of those things that you know when you see. But as numbers improve, we are going to run into the problem where we have no idea when to stop obsessing over the numbers. It's why I feel that equality in opportunity is the more effective measure. Are people doing what they want to be doing with their lives? Something like 99.9% of midwives in Ontario are female. Is there a diversity problem? If you find men that feel like they can't become midwives for some reason, then yes. But not because that ratio feels imbalanced. Maybe this is a joke. Maybe I'm missing the point. But I think the point is not to have these things. To make it as vanilla as possible. You sound like a farrier complaining about the automobile. :) Those people who know nothing about horses and riding, getting all this meaningful work done just by throwing technology at it! Just like your example, I bet people will say Toronto. You may be right. But I see it from a different angle. I don't see this as using drugs to get through the day. I see it as trying to get something for nothing. It feels like a very Silicon Valley attitude to want to discover a free lunch; some sort of bonus optimization. I would probably most expect this to come from Silicon Valley, Wall Street, professional sports, etc. Anywhere that fosters an attitude of seeking significant optimization or getting something for nothing. Though this is all just personal perception. It's certainly filled with bias. The gymnastics can be simple if you distill it down to, "white looking people in the middle east" enemy of my enemy and whatnot. Sometimes. Sometimes Nintendo just can't actually deliver. Missing holiday season with your NES Classic is definitely not to drive up demand. So I wonder how often their inability to deliver is mislabelled as an intentional move. Yep. When we are brokers of energy at a scale where it can't be considered infinite, we will also be a fundamentally different species than we are today. That being said, until we have highly optimized how we utilize that unlimited source, it will remain a scarce resource. I just see an ASCII interpretation of the TV channels my mom told me to stay away from. Hey, I think I see a pair of @'s After reading the way in which your work is being criticized (regardless of the validity of the criticisms), I'm very impressed to see you here making lemonade of it all. I'd be crying in the corner if it were me. Good work. When I was given the task of defining how our multi-robot server would interface with our user interfaces, I eventually settled on REST. Most of what I knew about REST had been obtained that week. I implemented something pretty vanilla with Django and it all felt pretty elegant. I didn't have to worry about defining a protocol, there was pretty much already one for me: - GET, PUT, POST, DELETE (I learned there were others but were kind of niche/obsolete) - 200s for success, 400s for client (request) error, 500s for server error. It was all nice and worked great (and still does, years later). But over time numerous people started told me that no it's actually all wrong for one reason or another. I've heard that I should never use anything except GET and POST. That I should ALWAYS return a 200 and provide error metadata as a response if there actually was an error. That POST is actually meant for updates and PUT is meant for new entities. That the opposite is true. That neither is true and I should always use POST for any mutation of state. etc. I feel like I had success because I approached it from a position of ignorance, meaning I just implemented a simple, sane REST API and was none the wiser that I was doing it wrong. We read then manipulate the state of a multi-robot fleet by making HTTP GET, PUT, POST, DELETE calls that affect a database and robot broker/manager services. The state of the robots and the configuration of the system is represented in JSON. Interaction with the system is stateless, meaning you can jump in at any time, understand the full state of the system, and manipulate it safely. Interaction of a healthy system will involve numerous physical and virtual clients/servers, many of which are physically on the move most of the time. If this isn't REST then the Wikipedia page on REST needs updating or I'm just not explaining it well enough. I'm not sure where I misguided people that I was just doing RPC. Almost all endpoints are as you described: `/robots/robot_id/exceptions` `/maps/map_id/destinations` `/maps/map_id/areas/speed_limit_areas` Performing operations is not done via. RPC but rather POSTing a new `mission` to the queue. There's no HATEOS but that would generally be silly, since this isn't an API that requires easy discovery and consumption by third parties. I'm not sure I subscribe to the HATEOS required for REST, but I don't really care to argue. I think I'm starting to get a sense that people can be really opinionated on this stuff, and I'm still lost as to what there is to gain by it. To suggest what I'm describing isn't REST would be to say that the first sections of the Wikipedia page are wrong. So are we so far off-base that we need to revise the Wikipedia page? Or is this more just an opinion? Thanks for sharing your thoughts. Maybe there's a chance to de-mystify my confusion on why there's so many opinions on something that, to me, seems so simple to define. I like "Kepler Syndrome". The runaway proliferation of humans on nearby habitable planets. Wow. That's so visually overwhelming for me. Excluding web workers, just one thread per tab/window. So there's really no consideration for optimization via. parallelism unless you use web workers. And if I'm wrong, this is the quickest way to get the right info. :) I don't think I have ever seen medical professionals speak in the manner you described. Aha my mistake. I'm not sure how the inner plumbing works. But since the queue just pops onto the stack, there's no true parallelism and therefore no optimization opportunity. That being said, I'm not sure you're correct. There is no concern of blocking the main thread, since functions queued up via. `setTimeout()` are not tracked by some non-blocking timer. The queue is only inspected if the stack is empty. So if anything is happening, we just ignore the queue until nothing is happening. `setTimeout()` only guarantees a message will be processed after x milliseconds, not on-time. https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/JavaScript/EventLo... I can't tell if you agree or disagree. But yes, those things. :) The last two sentences left a very sour taste in my mouth. Don't paint a naive adventurer mindset as some sort of white, male, American "privilege." True. But I'd call synchronous XHR a legacy item that you should probably never use. I only recently got into polygon. What can be toxic about video game coverage? Ie. What am I looking for? The West, or the United States? I feel like many Western nations wouldn't do this crap if the Americans didn't just politically strongarm them. Can I get in on the joke? :) "Because I can hoard access to it over the other teams and make myself indispensable." So much of my knowledge of my dad's generation is from Simpsons references. "Who says 'SHAZAM!'?" "Ah yes, Gomer Pyle." I'm so damn sick of that stupid song. Teens constantly ruin good content with it. I should know, I did the same thing with that song when I was a teen. "Look at the picture to the right. How much is the new Cheddar Cheese Apocalypse Whopper for a limited time only?" Did anyone live long enough to die of long term massive alcohol consumption? Every time I install Ubuntu I have to remove amazon links from my dock. So I dunno how niche the other side of, "you guys" is, but it's not simply Linux vs. Windows. People can't invoke the name "Linux" and exclude Ubuntu when it suits their narrative. So what I said is perfectly reasonable. I'm so lost as to why you think I'm suggesting it's one thing... Ubuntu is one example of a Linux distribution. It's an example of a Linux distribution with advertising. Which is the point I'm making re: OP's message about "you people" when saying that this is a uniquely windows issue. Look to Ubuntu to see how this can exist in the Linux community. Ubuntu is part of the Linux community. Have you guys considered that seeking to quantify engineering skill may be fundamentally at odds with the goal of hiring good engineers? I'd be interested in seeing the argument for why this is a good thing, beyond the fact that it enables a company like triplebyte to exist. To me it seems like these concerns always boil down to the same thing: tests that try to quantify something that may be unquantifiable. I suspect this is because it's not cost effective to facilitate a process that digs well beyond engineering trivia. I'm not an expert but I'm not sure why it would matter. The federal law cannot be overridden or ignored by provincially regulated industries. Canadian law is not a choose-your-own buffet for the provinces. Am I wrong? And this would be why they studied if this law would be constitutional? Ie. To avoid the embarassment of a province challenging it. So it's not that a province can just turn off or ignore federal law, it's that it might have a case to challenge it in court? I think I understand a little better now. Thank you for responding. I take great pride in paying taxes. It's such a good deal when I look at what it would cost to be American. I'm not trying to rag on being American. But I've got close ties with the U.S. so often I compare what a life event would have been like, had I been a typical U.S. family of my economic class. 'study' doesn't always mean collecting primary data. I'm fairly ignorant on the subject. Why is Braille important? We replaced sight with touch. Now we replace it with sound. Why's this a bad thing? I see people in the article sounding frustrated but I don't see any compelling reasons for why this is bad. It seems as if it's just the classic old generation wants the new generation to do it their way. Is there a service that makes it trivially easy to simulate colour blindness on an image or document? Heck, why's it not built into data publishing applications? I thought it was someone with a large array of raspberry pi computers for rent. It would be like an itty bitty AWS with adorable APIs at cute as a button prices. I've seen this story a thousand times. Someone is abused in some manner, becomes an abuser, and the cycle repeats. I struggle with reconciling these cases because there's two drastically different perspectives you can look at it from: 1. Brevik is a mass murderer and should be punished to the fullest extent of the law. 2. Brevik is a victim who was never given a fair shot at life to begin with. He was moulded into the horrible person he became. What is the point of transition where we stop treating someone like a victim and begin treating them like a criminal? How many serious offenders have been raised in such a damaging way that you could argue they're not exactly responsible for any of the awful things they ended up doing? It brings doubt to how we handle serious criminals in modern times. Then what's the line between criminal and insane? In my opinion it's just a fuzzy line decided upon in a very flawed manner. My mistake if that's how I make it sound. I agree, you can be both. But in many cases we don't try them in court as both. We pick one. In this case it was decided he was sane. Is the difference simply that the meat is meat from a well fed, exercised chicken vs. a force fed obese monstrosity? Kind of like eating me vs. eating an Olympian. I think the sentence may effectively be the same. But it's critically important not to mislabel people. You just have different taste. I can appreciate why people love Firefly. But I just can't stay interested past episode 2. My wife says the same thing. I now find it funnier, more than anything, just to not do it. It drives her mad in a nerdy adorable kind of way. Same with Battlestar Galactica. Mapping an open field fills in just as much paper as if you mapped a busy forest. I'm not sure what the best way is to convey this idea since people naturally want to find things that are exciting. Silicon Valley is basically one giant hackathon. Half the fun is being there. The trick to being successful with JavaScript is to relax and allow yourself to slightly sink into your office chair as a gelatinous blob of developer. When you feel yourself getting all rigid and tense in the muscles, say, because you read an article about how you're doing it wrong or that your favourite libraries are dead-ends, just take a deep breath and patiently allow yourself to return to your gelatinous form. Now I know what you're thinking, "that's good and all, but I'll just slowly become an obsolete blob of goo in an over-priced, surprisingly uncomfortable, but good looking office chair. I like money, but at my company they don't pay the non-performing goo-balls." Which is an understandable concern, but before we address it, notice how your butt no-longer feels half sore, half numb when in goo form, and how nice that kind of is. Ever wonder what that third lever under your chair does? Now's a perfect time to find out! As long as you accept that you're always going to be doing it wrong, that there's always a newer library, and that your code will never scale infinitely on the first try, you'll find that you can succeed and remain gelatinous. Pick a stack then put on the blinders until its time to refactor/rebuild for the next order of magnitude of scaling, or the next project. "Hey! You can't do it. You don't have what it takes. But that's okay because there's plenty who do, so don't feel like you're letting anyone down." How's my (de)motivational speaking? That's it? I would have expected more. I guess that price doesn't include planes or anything fun. I agree and disagree. Workplace interaction has been critical where I work. But we all work from home a day or so each week. I struggle to mesh with those who work exclusively remotely/from home. Like most things in life, balance works best. Widescreen? Do I get to zoom out in multiplayer? I'm very curious to see just how much they feel okay changing game-altering systems or behaviours. Ie. Even widescreen alters how the game will get played to some extent. I think the hard part is knowing where to draw the line in order to keep it "authentic" Nuclear reactors are fun until they're not. I think it may help that Canada is so young. Nobody can pretend to have a claim to this land above anyone else (except for the aboriginals, who we continue to fail.) I'm as Canadian by way of British colonization as it comes and I grew up hearing stories about how my ancestors immigrated here due to tough times at home through the 1800s. We are all immigrants. Maybe we could borrow the Statue of Liberty for a while. Park it it the St Lawrence. When we find people who are both talented and dedicated enough to focus on such a specific realm of science, we really ought to have plenty of money and resources for them. I suspect we can be doing a lot better, but I doubt this is the worst of all the parallel universes when it comes to supporting science. I get the gist of what you're saying, but I disagree. That's something like 7% of their population. Not 0.2%. I doubt we can draw a clear line on when a space program is responsible spending, but I bet 7% needing food aid is way over it. I don't follow. There's a store now that sells a subset of software. All other methods still exist. You can still do as you please, including installing another OS. Am I missing the part where they're taking away anything that was possible before? So to put it simply, you believe that Microsoft is funnelling people into a very specific, controlled environment. And the only people who leap out of the funnel and roll their own computer environment are those who already know better. So 10 year old me may not have accidentally come across all the "hacker" (to quote my child self) stuff in my computer. Yes I can appreciate that concern. I imagine that means they give up repeating, "do you copy?" Did they have suicide pills? I don't think I'd want to suffocate. Some problems are very clearly impossible to fix, especially without a planet of tools and resources. Can't really synthesize fuel, can you? I'm naive to medical science so forgive me if I'm wrong. Aren't there numerous famous examples of medical breakthroughs exploding into the scene? Penicillin and vaccines coming to mind. (at least I don't think those slowly crept up on us?) I don't think a miracle cure is around the corner, but I can see why the layperson may feel like it's plausible, when you look at the miracle cures we have learned about growing up. My perspective is that there are numerous awful diseases that we have sent into oblivion with medical science done by people with far fewer resources than our scientists have today. I was surprised how poorly it ran on my very modern phone. And then how tiny everything was on my desktop. When I looked past that and tried to draw a cat, it wasn't all that useful. I mean cool, you saw I was drawing a face and gave me 50 options. But what am I supposed to do with that? It feels like a rehash of what the Newton would do when you tried to draw stuff. But it does it better. I think if I could skip the "pick what I meant" step, it would be cool for whiteboarding in the office. Sony Z3. Chrome. I think it's more because you're making a straw man argument. Nobody disagrees that they're slower. I'm saying it's not enjoyable on my phone despite them saying it's good on phones. I don't have the most complex tax situation: a wife, child, income, capital gains. But it takes me maybe 15 minutes in Canada to do. I once screwed it up and they fixed it for me, yielding a larger return than I calculated (I accidentally zeroed the RRSP contribution carry over value). Thought maybe this would help give perspective of what can be. I haven't had to use that = this in a few years and it's immensely improved understandability of the code I work on. Does it spread well on toast? Yes! Come to Canada and try out your tech. California is so soft. What is the endgame of a corporation? Does Apple hold on to $246B because they simply have nothing sensible to use it on and have no need to give it away? How big can a corporation get before the whole system kind of breaks down or governments break it apart? Is this a form of rebranding? Has a nation ever undergone a significant attempt at rebranding? I was joking with my colleague about how Russia probably just wants Ukraine to add a buffer between the West and Moscow. He educated me on the meaning of "Ukraine" being essentially "borderland." Got me thinking about the seemingly absurd concept of disregarding all national history and focusing exclusively on "brand". Find a great sounding country name, a cool memorable flag, a catchy national anthem, a relatable alphabet. If you look at nations as brands, many (most?) are pretty forgettable. Countless flags that look randomly generated and lots of anthems that don't linger in your ear. I can appreciate where you're coming from. It's now in my computer and you don't get to reach in and control things on me. But I'm not so sure that's actually fair and reasonable. If I rent you a VHS, once it's in your house, is it your right to consume as you wish? Do you get to make a copy to watch at a future date? Maybe I don't want that. Maybe the contract I make with you is that you can purchase a loan of this VHS to watch over the next few days. Maybe when I host your favourite music videos, I don't want you copying to your disk to watch hundreds of times without seeing any ads. Interesting! That certainly seems like an act of branding to me, eh? Odd thought: does their alphabet contribute to that feeling too? On average, each character looks considerably busier with more lines and curves than letters of the Latin alphabet. I love pure programming. But the thing that makes me hesitant to try to learn something like Haskell is that it feels like I need a math degree to understand the concepts and terms. For a while I thought I was just not that smart. But I realise that all these things are just kind of really complicated. Good to know. I think I get too into my head when reading about it all. Monads? Monoids? Functors? Oh my! Edit: thank you all for your wonderfully encouraging and useful responses. I know what I'm playing with tonight!!! I'm not an expert with​ deploying application servers but shouldn't part of handling lifecycle include the ability for a service to crash and be respawned? Ie. Be okay if a syntax error crashes your server. "This will often help a postmaster recognize the real recipient of the message if the address is invalid." There were services where humans actually sometimes tried to manually route an email? I had no idea. So cool. Yes!!! Same with a blender (not as bad but still) or a food processor. I like making food but I hate plastic corners where food congregates. Exactly right. I skimmed the link looking for photos of trash island until I thought critically about it. Especially embarrassing as I majored in geography and remote sensing and know exactly what these studies are like :) If it works that way, shouldn't we be able to look at an industry and see that happening? I can't think of a good example, though I may not be thinking hard enough. There are definitely open source alternatives to many many things, but how often are they the ones capturing most of the market? But now I have to read it in the context of someone who is to be murdered. It's not exactly a spoiler but it will alter the reading. It's such an insufficient title when your product is a robot and the database is closer to the top of the stack than bottom. I gave up on titles a few years ago when I began to realise that so much of it feels fitting of the dot com era but not today. Fake news is injected externally. Selected truth comes from the inside. Which is so odd to me because the JavaScript debug tools are some of the most complete and easiest to use. They're right there! http://emojipedia.org/shrug/ is my go-to example. I see about 4 or 5 very starkly different meanings among the different versions. Everything from, "Durrr I dunno?" to "What the hell is your problem, dude?" I do software engineering and work alongside many brilliant people with Canadian engineering degrees. I happen to have geography and science degrees, so while I do a lot of the same work, I'm not an engineer. I've settled on being a "developer" or a "roboticist". I experience something akin to this at work all the time. There's the real-world pragmatists and the software purity philosophers. Tell the family of someone killed that, "____ shouldn't have purchased a device without knowing how to secure it!" I have never found a good example of a Python web server that provides some mechanism for statefulness. Is it just fundamentally not possible to have shared state among requests handled by the threads of a process? Sanic's examples seem to be the same as Flask's: self-contained function calls attached to endpoints. I keep hitting a wall with Python when I want to do something like: 1. subscribe to a websocket connection and keep the last received message in state 2. expose an http endpoint to let a client GET that last message. I get that everyone's responses are thinking some big public thing. I'm thinking small toy implementation for my home network. The toy experiment is how to do what's trivial in Node with Python. Mainly because I like working with python. I think the answer might be: Python is the wrong tool for the job. I'm very naive to how large sums of money transfer. But couldn't you presumably do a public and private key share with your suppliers and validate every transaction request? I hear about a kind of phishing at my company. It is as primitive as pretending to be our CEO, who is trying to reoncile an invoice for a supplier. I think Coke's pitch deck goes something like: - Never acknowledge the existence of Pepsi. - Always be classic. - Always be timeless. I think brands that work well do so because they keep a simple message and avoid the allure of self-justifying marketing people. What percentage of typical code is packable like this? What I really need is a way to easily determine, "is it worth bothering with a tool like this?" I live an hour from Toronto. Single detached homes closing prices went up 40% since last April. It's an unsustainable bubble. That page was frustrating to navigate on a phone. Enough with the parallax scrolling fad already. I deleted Facebook fully years ago and my social life shrunk in quantity, but improved immensely in quality. I don't think Facebook is universally bad, but if you have your doubts, try quitting it for a month and see what happens. My first thought was, "there's no way Wikipedia still only needs $5000 per month for bandwidth" Isn't atom single process? I don't recall any plugins ever seriously hogging it out. Sure you can't get paralleism with the GIL but you can still get concurrency. It's not like these things weren't doable before we got multicore machines. Just requires sensible plugin design. How does it compare to yaml? Almost all the Lego my parents bought 30-20 years ago is viable and relevant when my kids are old enough. I wonder what the story is around LEGO and not having to make their product obsolete over time. Could you imagine if they changed the scale just a little bit every 5 or so years? Apologies but I'm trying to learn the hierarchy so I stop insulting my British colleagues. Being British but not English would make you... Welsh or Irish? Edit: no! Welsh or Scottish. Ireland is part of the British Isles but but Great Britain. I grew up absolutely proud of my complete Ice Planet Lego set. I built it all once and then through years of imagination the ships and vehicles all slowly mutated into things that don't resemble the original designs at all. I would say that the original designs primed my imagination. Thanks. I imagine it would be like confusing an Australian and a New Zealander. Or a Canadian and an American. We're just so darn similar that it's so important to us to be considered distinct. Also makes me think about Quebec. Canada would not be Canada without Quebec. But there's always been some sibling rivalry with the province. Finally, while this isn't Reddit and I have to learn to be more metered about my silliness, I just can't help but include this, as it's quite relevant. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2q0T7QXETs Interesting​. I never even considered those as ethnicities. Just places you live and what your demonym is. This is one of those moments where I notice the stark difference in good vs. bad branding (in my opinion). Raspberry Pi. Dell Optiplex FX160. I read a long winded essay on the filming of Blues Brothers. It was a perfect writing style because the message was found in the layers of anecdotes and details. When I want to learn facts, I want to read something structured like a 9th grade essay. I'm curious. How? Isn't homelessness a social symptom? Homelessness doesn't just disappear because the current homeless are displaced, I thought. That being said, I'm certainly not learned on the subject. I can't claim it's wrong because I'm not a good ethicist. But I can say anecdotally that I feel upset and disgusted by the idea that even though I don't have Facebook, they may have a dossier on me. Simply because friends use my name or share photos including me. It's upsetting because I don't know what I can do about it. How do I protect my privacy in this world? Do I stop having friends? Do I wear a mask everywhere? So why not do something like make a shim COMMAND.COM that handles compatibility and calls the new COMMAND.EXE? From my novice view, it seems like it would be generally simpler to reason about. Ahh yes. I misunderstood. The loader was modified, not COMMAND.COM, etc. What is meant by "a grammar"? Is it the way we concatenate functions to create what's essentially a sentence of what we want the plot to be? Aha! Thank you. So it's kind of like a declarative way of plotting. This feels like the Something Awful Forums solution to SnR. I'm optimistic. It's simple and likely will work well. Python was never really designed for speed. It was designed for simplicity and clarity of behaviour. The beauty of the age we live in is that we have such a broad array of tools to apply to different problems. Performance is often not the problem that needs solving, but when it is, you've got many options too! I'm constantly being harassed to set my iTunes password and to update my iOS on my iPad. I don't want to. Leave me alone, apple. This is my iPad, not yours. My PS3 is terrible for this. Discourage disabling the harassment/auto updates but ultimately make it possible? Imagine if windows just kinda foisted it upon you. People would be upset. I'm treating my options like a free lottery ticket with not decent odds. That's it. They don't exist when I plan my finances. I doubt this is optimal, as options can be evaluated to some extent and risk can be appropriately brought on and managed. But it works for me when trying to do math about my present and future opportunities. I'm using greenlets via gevent to handle a system that interacts with a number of http APIs, exposes an RPC API and has a data processing loop. I absolutely love the concurrency model. For cpu bound processes and short API timeouts, getting to control when my "threads" yield makes it very easy to avoid the common threading pitfalls. It also means my application can remain very simple. Ie. I don't need to think about things like Celery or Redis or handling locking meticulously. "People are starving in Somalia" "I think there's already a JIRA for that one." Kiva is kind of like that! Edit: not Python Yes my bad. Progress will of course be incremental. But I think about the delta between summer in California and Canadian winter driving conditions and I think there's still such a long long way to go to full full autonomy.