I'm not sure the present situation is actually worse than 1984 or "beyond Orwellian" but agreed on absurd, ridiculous and disgusting. The fact that we are even having a conversation about the similarity is concerning. The observation that a community may be infiltrated by spooks reminds me of spot the fed: https://www.defcon.org/html/defcon-15/dc-15-stf.html . So if I understand you correctly the railroads would basically be the same as the Interstate highway system? I don't know enough about how the railroads work to comment on how feasible such an arrangement would be. Does the government currently subsidize railroad maintenance and/or construction? Edit: Is there a precedent anywhere else in the world for nationalized railways? I don't think he advocated nationalizing the railroads, just the infrastructure. I don't see how this would be any different than trucking companies competing on public roads. There is certainly competition in that industry. Are there regions where two railroad (companies) have built competing infrastructure? Disclaimer: I am not an accountant. According to http://www.bnsf.com/about-bnsf/financial-information/form-10... BNSF has about 85% of their revenue in the tracks and 15% in the trains so your guess isn't far off. Can you comment on competition for a given route in the current railroad model? I assume railroads control who uses their tracks so they can prevent competitors from serving those routes, is that the case and how does that not constitute some form of monopoly? Edit: Thank you for the clarification, I had no idea how much railroads had tied up in the infrastructure. It seems that much of the value of a railroad is on the ability to serve certain routes without competition which in hindsight is pretty obvious. For a route from city A to city B that can be served by BNSF do consumers have a choice of a second railroad? If the answer to that is mostly no doesn't BNSF have some form of monopoly on rail transport? Thanks for the map. I see that many of these routes are only served by one railroad. For example, how does BNSF not have a monopoly on the route from Moorhead to Brainerd? How common are track sharing and common transport agreements? AnimalMuppet did a great job answering the monopoly question elsewhere in the comments: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10510522 Thank you again for your detailed replies, I don't know much about our rail infrastructure but it is interesting. Can you explain what the taxes are for on the rail lines? In your example could the customer build their own small rail lines to meet up with the existing tracks of BNSF and UP both to allow them to pick who they use to haul freight between Chicago and LA? Does that happen? I am reminded of a plant tour at a major manufacturer where they had a rail line that ran right into their factory to deliver raw materials, I wonder who owns the rails. Do railroads have a anything similar to the meet up rooms in carrier hotels where you can move from one rail network to another? Please remember that it falls to us, the voters and citizens to enact the laws that we see fit. The judicial branch only interprets the law, we still have the ability to change it if we disagree. Apathy is the enemy of democracy. 1) Providing commercial passenger service is not the same as giving someone a ride. In the case of commercial service your passengers are your customers and expect a certain level of service. This could motivate you to take additional risks that you would not otherwise take. Such as flying in questionable weather so as not to lose the fare or get a bad rating on the service causing you to miss out on future fares. 2) Flying an airplane is nothing like making a cheeseburger. I do not think it is a worthwhile goal to allow unskilled people to operate airplanes, especially if they are carrying passengers. Instead we should focus on making sure the operators of the planes are as capable as possible to first avoid dangerous situations and then deal with them when they are unavoidable. This is exactly what the FAA does. If you screw up a cheeseburger maybe someone gets sick, if you screw up in an airplane people die. They aren't even remotely the same thing. If you think a review is bogus you could always click the "no" button to indicate that the review is not helpful. You can also report the review and tell Amazon that you think the review is bogus. Do you have any data to back up the claim that most of the recent reviews are bogus? Aaron Swartz, not Schwartz. I completely agree with you, while I know $40+mm means $40M it is only because of context, not because I actually parse it as "thousand thousand". In my mind mm is millimeter, even as an American. HN is the only place I see this notation used. The great thing about standards is there are so many to choose from. https://xkcd.com/927/ Is there reason to believe that a TRNG would somehow select numbers with a better chance of winning than any other method? I can see the method impacting the number of dollars you win but surely any valid set of numbers has the same chance to win as any other. It's not like your TRNG is actually emulating the behavior of the balls in the machine. Do you have examples of the auto industry fighting safety features? I used to own an early 70s Oldsmobile Toronado which was available with both ABS and airbags. A quick Google search suggests that Chrysler and Ford had similar braking systems in 1971, possibly even better. ABS was not required by US law until 2011. 40 years after the US domestics first offered it. I believe Ford made a big deal out of their padded dashboards in the 1950s as well but I would have to dig up references to that. While Volvo has a great safety record they are not even close to the only manufacturer with a history of adding safety features to their cars. Safety is good business, the US domestics have known this for decades. The 1971 Oldsmobile Torornado brochure prominently features ABS and specifically calls out the safety features available in that year: http://www.lov2xlr8.no/brochures/olds/71toro/bilder/6.jpg The NASA audit wasn't nearly as comprehensive as you may have expected: http://embeddedgurus.com/barr-code/2013/10/an-update-on-toyo... NASA didn't find a software defect, this is not the same as NASA finding that there is no software defect. Toyota absolutely built and sold dangerous vehicles with software and hardware defects. This was not only a matter of gas pedals sticking to floor mats. Importantly in this context Toyota did not put customer safety first and decided to suppress the truth of the problem rather than own the solution. This is cause for concern as we move toward self-driving systems which have to be perceived to work in order for the product to remain economically viable. Why? Windows 7 gets regular updates. Windows 8/8.1/10 are not updates to Windows 7, it is a different operating system. Edit: Not sure why all the downvotes, I honestly don't see how "up to date Windows 7" is an oxymoron. I know that some network configurations will still have to use actual IPv6 addresses but for the most part you could save yourself a lot of pain by just using DNS and hostnames. Is this actually true? Are you saying that every person in the world is morally bankrupt? We hire corrupt officials because people allow it. I fail to see what this defeatist attitude solves. Apathy is the enemy of democracy. That raises an interesting question about the life of rail car brakes. The cost of constant attention seems like it would be significant. I wonder how the brakes are constructed to minimize maintenance costs. The article does mention adding other sensor data to the ECP bus, brake life could be monitored in real time. This is actually really interesting. How granular are these metrics? Do individual bearings have sensors on them for example? Does the locomotive cut a maintenance ticket when light bulbs burn out? How many different sensors contribute to the 150,000 data points? Most of the car parks are underground, it's not like they are taking up viable office space. The NASA people seemed pretty happy when Curiosity landed on Mars: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svUJdzMHwmM&t=3m10s It's patriotism, we should be proud our country has a company that is doing this. Donald Trump has nothing to do with it. I can understand the distaste for nationalistic displays in Germany and I think it says a lot for the German people that this is considered distasteful. This is a peacetime effort that is likely to improve all of mankind. If you want to criticize the celebratory reaction to killing someone then I will probably agree with you. This is something else. Pride in one's nation and it's achievements is not inherently shameful. Do you believe that nationalistic displays are never appropriate? Why is it ok to celebrate your nation during World Cup but not after a significant technological achievement in peacetime? He could do his job effectively by asking for more information about what Tor is. This understanding may impact his decision to issue the warrant. Law enforcement lied by omission, do you think they would take that risk if they thought the outcome would stay the same? Technology is not an exception. He isn't exempt from making informed decisions. Law enforcement omitted a fact that could lead to the judge asking questions. The difference is that the decision would be in the hands of the judge instead of law enforcement. The balance of power would be in check. Except in this case Bultmann and Robinson are Hertz, not the customer. They also knowingly rented to a drug dealer. Another analogy may be running a Hertz in Saudi Arabia and renting to women without male guardians present. The computer is not rented, they were in control of a device that may have been used to distribute child pornography. They themselves claim to know and understand this but feel that the risk of enabling criminal behavior is outweighed by the benefits to society of the "good" crime. Such as expression of dissent against regimes they disagree with. I'm not convinced this search was unreasonable from a legal perspective. I do not know enough about the legal precedent around running a Tor node but I could understand if they are on the hook for what happens with their node. I respect what they are doing and I don't think what they are doing is wrong morally but they are taking on a risk which they believe is outweighed by the benefit. Can you give an example of such evidence and how it would be gathered? I don't disagree with you but I can see both sides of this. The judge didn't get a chance to ask in this case. Thanks, that does make sense. How does this compare to a cash-only business? Say I run a banana stand that only accepts cash. What level of proof does law enforcement need in order to look into more personal aspects of my life and business if they believe I am using it launder money? IANAL but this feels similar to me. I recently discovered AvE and now bigclive. I'm not sure how I missed this particular internet rabbit hole but I love it. Just this weekend I watched entirely too many AvE videos and now I am fluent in Canadian. His style is... unique. I think it's great but I'm sure it's not for everyone. This is great, thank you! You don't own the bank, they owned the computer. You aren't responsible for what happens to money the bank loans out since that money isn't yours. From the article: "Bultmann and Robinson had publicly advertised that they operated a Tor exit relay node—a node in the global Tor network, whose purpose is to give users the ability to browse the web anonymously. They said they operated the node as a service to dissidents in repressive countries, knowing full well that criminals might use it as well, much like any other communication tool." So yes, they didn't know which drug dealer they were renting to or which packets were from drug dealers (or child pornographers) but they did know it was possible. And with Tor I think it would even be considered likely. There seems to be a difference between say running a Tor exit node and running a commercial VoIP service. With VoIP the operator is required by law to record and make available certain information to LEO. Tor by design prevents the operators from having that information. I'm not sure what the legal consequences are but it seems to me that in any other "communication tool" situation the operator is expected to at least make an attempt to prevent illegal use. With Tor that isn't possible so I don't think it's really "like any other communication tool" Bultmann and Robinson knew they might be enabling criminal behavior with their own personal equipment in their home. I think it's easy to at least see the perspective of law enforcement in this case or how the legal system could find them at least partially responsible. I'm not saying this is what should happen but I don't think we have a clearly defined right to run an open proxy as a get out of jail free card. Looks like the landing was perfectly centered on the barge this time as well. Does anyone know when they plan on reusing one of these recovered first stages? Laziness is a virtue. What you're suggesting is not all that different than creating a webpage that says "read the book" instead of adding value. If a bot can be created to make discovering answers easier why shouldn't it be done? Musk himself didn't expect SpaceX to succeed. It was one launch away from complete failure. You're essentially making the argument "If NASA can put a man on the moon why do I still have to buy toothpaste?" SpaceX has and continues to do amazing things, that doesn't mean suddenly everything we want is feasible. You're suggesting Musk is so concerned with the success of Tesla that he is willing to torpedo alternate projects to drive up sales of his own product. If that is true why did he release the patents for those products into the public domain where someone could build a directly competing product? Do you have any evidence of this beyond what you have heard? I believe the down votes are a result of your lack of evidence. I'm not defending Facebook but I have yet to see any substance to the argument that they are manipulating the conversation on their platform. Yes but we didn't have to wash their dishes. Ads are one thing, invasive popover interactive surveys are another. For yet another perspective, the measure in question was put in place by lawmakers who are elected to do the will of the people. If this law is being passed then we can infer that the will of the people is not, in fact, to have their property stolen by the state without due process. Can you elaborate on the redefinition of "hate-speech"? How was it previously defined and how has that definition changed? Who changed it? As an American this is especially interesting to me because we place such value on our freedom of speech but also pay a high price in the hate speech that is viewed as a necessary evil. It seems that the EU has made an attempt to manage this hateful speech but I'm not familiar with the specifics. Ransomware infects your machine, silently encrypts and decrypts everything for a period of months then stops. Your backups are encrypted and only the ransomware can decrypt them. Perhaps RAM snapshots could be employed as part of the backup to allow retrieval of the encryption key. Doesn't Netflix run it's own CDN outside AWS? I thought the AWS gear was only for browsing the catalog and actual content delivery is done with custom hardware, preferably at your local ISP. I suspect that their licensing fees are orders of magnitude more than the distribution costs. The size of the catalog seems to me like it would be limited by the content owners terms more than storage prices. I would not criticize the other side of the debate for being steadfast. I will however criticize the belief itself. I will base my criticism on actual events such as this one instead of hypotheticals. I do not think considering this case in the encryption/backdoor debate is an over-adjustment based on a single failure. I think this a relevant example of the risks of creating and using a golden key. If you discount every individual example what are you left with? As daenney stated, the hope is to influence debate, not base the decision entirely on one event. Do you believe this situation has no relevance to the encryption and backdoor debate? Are you arguing that because no policy will be 100% effective we just shouldn't bother with a discussion? Even if we accept Russian responsibility for the hack how do you know their motive is to sabotage the election? It seems to me that insider knowledge of the party is valuable on its own. Why do you think they are trying to influence the election? It is likely that Hillary Clinton will be the next president of the United States. Would it not be valuable for Russia to have knowledge of her party? Do you think the CIA would be interested to have inside knowledge of United Russia? I never used it because I didn't want it to spray binaries all over a system directory. Macports is completely self-contained which I consider to be a much better design decision and less likely to cause me problems. To turn your question around, who uses Homebrew instead of Macports? The argument for "treat ISP infrastructure like a utility" has always been that quality of service will improve and prices will drop if competition is introduced. It sounds to me like the regulations did exactly what would be expected when an actual market is allowed to form. How does this arrangement not work if you have good customer service and low prices from Comcast? Are you suggesting that the alternatives are somehow even worse than standard Comcast? I'm not a Bluetooth headphone user but how does the Bluetooth affect the iPhone's battery? Also, carrying two cheap sets of headphones around doesn't sound more convenient than just using wired headphones. Is the wire really that much of a problem? Never used a Samsung Note 7 but does anything in the pen holder connect inside the phone or is it just a hole surrounded in plastic? With a headphone jack there are a lot (at least 3?) of connections that have to pass into the phone which could complicate the waterproofing. From the Apple webpage: http://www.apple.com/shop/product/MMEF2AM/A/airpods Connections AirPods: Bluetooth The AirPods are Bluetooth so they should work with the MacBook too. All the more reason a bike rider should be aware of their surroundings. Someone else being inattentive doesn't dismiss you from your responsibility. I hadn't thought about the Square with the loss of the headphone jack, that's an interesting change. Can the Square device be adapted to use the Lightning connection? Maybe Bluetooth? People on Bay Area transit use their speaker? I don't think I have seen that on a Seattle Metro bus more than a handful of times. How can listening to music for a long period of time regardless of volume be damaging to our ears? I'm not sure about you but my ears hear things continually, even when I sleep. What's different about music? Do you mean to say that listening to headphones for long periods is damaging? Do you have a source because that seems like an strange claim. As the parent said, the case is a battery/charger as well. Do you put your earphones in at home and leave them in all day and not take them out again until you get home? If so I would say you are not a typical headphone user. I recently went on a trip with several friends and we rented a new Ford Expedition. The integrated audio system in the car supported multiple Bluetooth devices with a history (including previous renters) but as far as I could tell not more than once device at a time. Every time we started the car we had to select Sources -> Bluetooth -> Connect -> ${device name} -> Sources -> Bluetooth -> ${device name}. It was a huge hassle and a 3.5mm cable would have been far easier and sounded better. Thank you. Lightening is: Noun: A drop in the level of the uterus during the last weeks of pregnancy as the head of the fetus engages in the pelvis. Verb: [1] To make or become lighter in weight, pressure or sensitivity. [2] To make or become more cheerful or less serious. [3] To make or become lighter or brighter. [4] To emit flashes of lightning; flash with lightning. (rare) None of these things is similar to charging your iPhone. Why did she think she was going to want the 7 Plus? What is it about the SE that isn't appealing? What is it that she was expecting in the 7 Plus that the 6s Plus doesn't offer? This is an honest question, I have continually upgraded my iPhones for years and this new phone doesn't speak to me either but you are on much older hardware, what about the new phones doesn't speak to you? Personally I am considering a move to the SE because the form factor of the 6/6s is still too big in my opinion and the 7 doesn't seem to offer me anything I actually need or want. Yeah that's what I really don't understand about all the focus on the waterproofing of the 3.5mm jack. The Lightning port is still there and that has to be at least as hard to waterproof as a 3.5mm jack right? Did Apple design the Lightning port to be waterproof from the outset? If so how did they do it and can they apply that to the 3.5mm port? Is a dash the same as a "+"? According to some quick googling it depends on your provider. If his provider relies on the "+" for sub-addressing what good will a dash do him? Why are you so firm on this position when it seems to be a legitimate problem for him? As a data person I would really like to put some numbers on how much the typical HR hiring process costs a business. I don't know anybody that says they are happy with how hiring works in he tech industry but I've also never seen an HR person try and improve the process. Were soldiers on trial in Nuremberg? Seems to me everyone was at least a "middle manager". The comparison is hyperbolic and I don't see the similarity here. VW is German? Is that what we're working on? Do you really think VW salespeople should go to jail for this? Should salespeople do their own emissions testing? Should they all buy multiple versions of the same car and crash it to see if it's really safe? How does that system work? VW has a clear set of emissions rules to follow because they build the cars, why should the salespeople be on the hook? This isn't Tesla, VW salespeople don't even work for VW. The security vulnerability is very real. Should this same treatment be applied to the people who write code? If a software vulnerability allows an attacker into the business should that developer be fired? What if it's a UI bug that causes the company to lose sales. Should they be on the hook? I think a more constructive reaction would be to say that phishing training is important and should be implemented or revised. In addition technical solutions should be investigated. Perhaps some of the infallible people who never fall for phishing attacks can automate part of their brilliance for the mere mortals. Maintaining the attitude that you are not susceptible to being phished is a great way to get phished. Can you provide this data to enlighten the rest of us? Is that dumb though? It's a video site, I go there to watch videos. When the local TV broadcaster wants to make an announcement they do it with video, not a text. I do see your point, there are some video-centric features YouTube could add but I'm skeptical that's all this will be. That's not really how juries work in reality, that's how juries work on Reddit. It's an interesting idea though, it's far too easy to issue a fraudulent DMCA takedown and there are no repercussions as far as I know. Not sure why the downvote, do we not ask for evidence anymore? This hypothetical comes up seemingly every time autonomous vehicles are mentioned. Theft is already illegal, we have a framework in place to deter theft by prosecuting it when it does happen and then punishing those guilty. All the truck needs to do is take a picture of the criminals and phone home, something it almost certainly can do already. Theft is already a problem for everyone, like any behavior we attempt to control it using incentives. I don't see how a vehicle that knows exactly where it is, doesn't get tired, can look in multiple directions at once and doesn't forget details under stress or fatigue is somehow a more appealing target than an underpaid employee doing a demanding job. Drivers themselves already steal their own cargo: http://www.kxxv.com/story/19242235/trucker-steals-own-cargo-... . http://www.ocala.com/news/20090205/trucker-accused-of-steali... http://www.nwitimes.com/uncategorized/police-say-trucker-hir... The argument can be made that shrinkage will actually decrease with the advent of automated delivery vehicles just because it's so easy to collect evidence and there's less opportunity for internal theft. Drivers also get robbed of corse. In the automated delivery world we will have less crime against individuals and a equal or better chance of catching those who do steal from the trucks. This is not my area of expertise but is burning something the same as letting it decompose naturally? Seems like burning could release different emissions than just the natural decomposition. How is it processed into a burnable form using 0 (renewable? clean?) energy? For a company that contracts out their hardware working with their vendors is more admirable to me than having their datacenters run on clean energy. Hopefully Apple and Foxconn can deliver on this. I'm a supporter of basic income as an experiment but it is interesting to think about alternatives. Is basic income simply a stepping stone to some kind of Star Trek post-scarcity utopia where there is no concept of money or wealth at all? We survived the industrial revolution, is it not just human nature to adapt? One example I recently discussed with friends was the idea that most truck drivers may soon be out of jobs due to automation. Since this is a highly specialized skill it would be hard for those workers to find alternative work without learning an entirely new skill set. But would it be feasible for those drivers to simply buy self driving trucks much like they already buy their conventional trucks and simply enjoy their lives while the truck drives itself? So even if self-driving trucks show up tomorrow is it necessary to pay truck drivers just to live? Can we offer an incentive like retraining to those drivers? Is basic income actually the solution or do we need to take a harder look at things like the income gap and a tax structure that strongly favors investment in creating actual value (goods and services) instead of wealth for the sake of wealth (investments). I live in Seattle and while I am aware that not everyone lives in a similar environment the concept of a minimum 5 acre lot staggers me. I consider myself lucky to have 600 square feet . What kind of area has these rules and who sets them? To me a lot with 5 acres is officially "the country" where I would expect very little to zero regulation of what you can build. Say's law was the most counterintuitive concept I was exposed to in undergrad econ classes. After consideration it does make sense but runs counter to an entrepreneurial view of the world where products are created to serve a need. Trump was not a labor candidate and if there had been one in the race I think that candidate would have performed very well vs Clinton. Trump's strategy was successful mostly because he was allowed to continue unchallenged. edit: To clarify I meant that if there were a pro-labor candidate in the general election Trumps populist message would have been less effective. I completely disagree with your premise. Can you cite any evidence of the claim that parents are "healthier, smarter and wealthier" than people who will not have children? In my experience the decision to have children is often not even a decision at all and is just something that happens. The question is also not "whether things have gotten harder for the average person". The article clearly states: "Economists and sociologists from Stanford, Harvard and the University of California set out to measure the strength of what they define as the American Dream[1], and found the dream was fading. They identified the income of 30-year-olds starting in 1970, using tax and census data, and compared it with the earnings of their parents when they were about the same age." The question is the viability of an American dream based on opportunity for children exceeding that of their parents. From the article: “My parents thought that one thing about America is that their kids could do better than they were able to do,” said Raj Chetty, a prominent Stanford University economist who emigrated from India at age 9 and is part of the research team. “That was important in my parents’ decision to come here.” [1]: http://www.equality-of-opportunity.org/ Bernie didn't make it to the general election so he never ran against Trump. Trump won the election by getting votes that mattered. We use an electoral system, not a popular vote. If the popular vote mattered both candidates would have run different campaigns so voter behavior would have also changed. It's possible that Trump would have still won the election if the popular vote were the deciding factor. Many truck drivers own their own trucks and contract for the carriers so those are the ones that could buy self-driving trucks. Regarding pricing I'm not so sure. If you run a trucking company and contract out driving to individual drivers that own their own vehicles you are paying for the service to get the cargo to its destination, you aren't paying for a person as much as a service. I do agree though that in this situation truck owners would make less money but they would also have more opportunity to do something like purchase additional trucks or do other work such as last-mile driving to supplement the loss in long-haul income. "The first time I saw a jet I shot it down" I don't think oracle can do this exactly but the query planner does understand time based partitions so if you do something like: SELECT * FROM partitioned_table WHERE partition_date_key > SYSDATE - 1; The query planner will only use the most recent partition. Combine this with Oracle's ability to merge partitions and you get "daily" partitions that become "weekly" partitions when the new week starts. Alternately you could wait a month and combine all the days of last month into a single partition and then even combine months into years. The partition intervals are based on specific dates/times, not on the relative time from query execution. Oracle also supports row movement which is the biggest missing feature here I believe. So the opportunity for the current owner/operators is to pool their resources and become the specialized self-driving truck agency. It sounds like a business to me. Unions pool labor for negotiating power, they don't pool financial resources to create value. Labor unions are alive and well in the United States. What's your implication? Don't beat around the bush. Can you explain those numbers? 7-12% of what? Are you suggesting that rate limiting reduces call volumes by a little more than half compared to lockouts? Where did you get the data? > Unless otherwise specified in the description of a given authenticator, the verifier SHALL effectively limit online attackers to 100 consecutive failed attempts on a single I think that can be read two ways. 1) 100 failed attempts/account/month 2) 100 failed attempts/IP/account/month The latter still limits an attacker but is less likely to be a plausible DoS against the account unless the attacker has compromised the legitimate user's machine at which point all is lost anyway. Later in the same section: > When the subscriber successfully authenticates, the verifier SHOULD disregard any previous failed attempts from the same IP address. Which suggests the failure count is per IP and not per account. There is no password policy that protects against rubber hose cryptanalysis. They're way ahead of you: http://www.seattletimes.com/business/boeing-aerospace/amazon... At its core Amazon has always been a logistics company. They already put warehouses close to airports so it's not much of a stretch to take over the air freight. Last mile is another issue, UPS, USPS, FedEx and the rest will continue doing that for a long time. Have you ever done business with Amazon? You do realize the food delivery isn't being done from a warehouse with pizzas on the shelf right? Your assumption runs contrary to the core idea of Amazon. Customer experience is the absolute most important thing. That's literally the mission statement of the company. This happens to me at least once a year but I still consider it a huge inconvenience. Two days is an eternity, especially to be without my primary card. I don't wait that long for socks from Amazon. One day is generally my expectation at this point and for a lot of things it's same day. I'd really like to see banks/card companies step up their game in getting new cards out to people. Off the top of my head I can think of a couple: 1) OSX was a viable operating system that was first class in the Apple ecosystem. 2) Laptops and desktops that were actually better than the competition including models geared toward power users. OSX/MacOS is still viable but it doesn't receive the attention it once did. It feels second-rate compared to the mobile OS. I get the feeling one day Apple is going to release the new MacBook and it will just be an iPad with a keyboard. They could at least be good citizens and use their success to beef up the NTP pool. Yes, I believe they can. I haven't had my iPhone (6S) crash more than 5 times that I can recall in the 14 months I have had it. Every time it has rebooted I have been in a third party app. The phone begins acting strange, gestures may stop for a few moments then it goes black and the Apple logo shows up on the screen as it reboots. Two of them have been in the last month or so. Unfortunately the phone doesn't just reboot. It shuts down completely and refuses to boot back up with a low battery warning. I believe this is actually hardware related but I have had it crash when trying to call an Uber. I think Facebook may have caused a crash too. Uber was especially painful because hailing taxis in my city (Seattle) is essentially impossible and pay phones are not a thing that exist in 2016. Luckily I was near a bus stop and know how the lines work without my phone. It was a shocking illustration of how dependent I have become on my smartphone. Great question. I know very little to nothing about Arabic but I would love a more detailed explanation than "It's an Arabic thing, you wouldn't understand". I went to school in Idaho and paid in-state tuition at a state school so my education was not excessively expensive. I worked part time during the school year and full time in the summers. I still graduated with 25k in student loan debt. I don't think what you are suggesting is possible for everyone. I spent my first couple years trying to go the no-debt route but quickly realized it would take me 8+ years to graduate. To answer your question in one word, "yes". Counting hours studied is a lot like counting lines of code IMO. I'd personally rather live in a world where people are free to seek any fulfilling end, whatever that is. Painting liberal arts majors as lazy alcoholics isn't constructive to anyone. The world wouldn't be a very interesting place if we were all engineers. So the only value of education is to increase the bottom line of the capitalists? The meaning of life is to maximize my contribution to some CEO's yacht? Our declaration of independence states a desire for life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness . It doesn't say anything about maximizing human capital. Where I went to school my student fees went straight to the state board of education. This money was then used to pay for all schools across the state including grade schools, middle schools and high schools. The university received a portion of the fees I paid but ended up losing a few hundred dollars a year per undergrad. The difference was made up by grants, land and inventions created by the university, most of which existed only because of grad students. Effectively the people of the state were unwilling to pay for their children and the future of their state and they made the university students pick up the difference. Add to that the fact that many degrees are unemployable because the economy is/was in shambles and you end up with students paying tax multiple times on their education. I lived with my parents for a couple years and then spent some time in the dorms before getting an apartment for a few hundred dollars a month. Living closer to campus was worth every penny but it also meant I couldn't finish school without debt. Wouldn't people just wait until they need an organ to join the list? How does punishing a subset of needy organ recipients increase the actual number of available organs? I think I understand your argument from the legal perspective but what about from a public records perspective? It still feels like the precedents that have been established inside the US legal system should be publicly available without restrictions. Sure, other restricted sources may end up incorporated but restricting acccess to actual US legal decisions feels like it only benefits those few with the access for commercial gain. Any historically accepted source should still be available for establishing precident but that doesn't mean our legal system should conceal the decisions it has made. If nothing else access to these decisions could be a great area of study for language processing. Based on what you have said here I feel like technology such as iPhones and IoT networks is not what these people need. Would it help to provide some kind of farming manual with instructions on how to build and maintain farm equipment, how to create a co-op to sell locally, etc? Has it been done? What about providing a printing press to publish pricing data on a daily/weekly basis to try and make that information available to more people? These seem like problems that must have existed in the US in the last 100-150 years, what did we do? But that means not attending some events. Yes and then they will make the battery thinner than the CPU cooler and instead of solving that one foot will sit slightly lower than the other three and the whole laptop will wobble on a desk. The iPhone6(s)/7 camera lens is such shockingly bad design I still can't understand how Apple justified it to themselves. I believe Apple is already making the argument but how much battery life do you really need? 8 hours seems like an easy figure to throw out because its a "work day" although most people can just plug in their laptops. What use case needs 12+? That seems "good enough" to me for most applications. Is it building in more life so that as the battery degrades there is still acceptable battery life? Are there more applications than I think where the laptop is actually not plugged in all day? When does that happen? Manufacturing? Some kind of in-the-field work? I have no experience with it so honestly curious how people use laptops as more than a mobile terminal in an office setting. Why is it hard to sell people vegetables? I agree with you but I don't actually know why. Is it just because there's no industry group running a "got carrots" campaign? I have done that tour and one of my favorite parts was the view from the balcony of a three story office building inside . I can't think of a single modern UI that I like. The network is always compromised. SF is not the center of the US. It's just a city in California. I don't speak German, can you provide a link to the paragraph and/or a translation? The logarithmic response to light is the first non-emotional benefit to film photography I have seen in these discussions. Thanks for pointing that out. There's nothing wrong with emotional benefits or discussing them, this is just notable as an objective difference in the mediums. I have participated in several hackdays and we were encouraged to work on something relevant to the business. I thought that smelled bad so I always made a deliberate effort to do something as opposite of the day to day as possible and I encourage anyone participating in an employer-sponsored hackday to do the same. Generally I tried to do something with hardware and the experience was always extremely gratifying. I built great relationships with coworkers through those projects. Did I miss a sarcasm tag or are you serious? I honestly can't tell. Our ability to create, record and maintain data is increasing exponentially. Someone in Indonesia was able to get a message 35,000 years into the future using a cave and come paint. We have only gotten better at preserving data since then. I think it's safe to assume that at least some of the information we record will survive as long as there is someone around to care. I don't think that two works of fiction from the last century are reliable indicators of the longevity of our species. I look more to the historical evidence we have of the resilience of humans. I don't know if we will be around for millions of years but I don't think we have reached midlife. Interesting take that I had not considered. I was not familiar with the story from Mark. I have thought about this topic as well but from a completely different direction. My question about uploading consciousness is in the transition point. As I sit here in front of my computer could I click a button and upload my memories and consciousness to a computer? Would they for some reason leave my body at the same time? Would it be instantly fatal? Why? Wouldn't I really just be forking my consciousness? One version of me would continue forward inside a computer with the memory of the transition and the corporeal me would continue wondering if it even worked. The corporeal me would still die at some point but I could die with the satisfaction(?) that I created a copy of myself at some point in time. I'm not sure that's much different than writing a book and having children. I am sure and I do not. There are four kinds of lies: lies, damn lies, statistics and big data. If we really care about net neutrality is it viable to create our own ISPs? Are net neutrality rules different between the backbone networks? I'll bite, which ride sharing program isn't running on investment capital and is actually supporting itself? They all look like Ponzi schemes at the moment. Ah, yeah, I see that now. Ostensibly "ride sharing" is different than a taxi service. That's the argument Uber uses to avoid taxi regulations. It's a tragedy because of how little we did with the accomplishment. Putting men on the moon could have ushered in a new age of exploration and we could be much farther along the path to being multi-planetary than we are today. It's tragic because it means our future is less bright. "The problem with defending the purity of the English language is that English is about as pure as a cribhouse whore. We don’t just borrow words; on occasion, English has pursued other languages down alleyways to beat them unconscious and rifle their pockets for new vocabulary." --James D. Nicoll So I guess nobody actually deserves a Medal of Honor then? Why not both? For the money we waste destabilizing the middle east we could build a small city on the moon and still have money left over. I didn't realize the Apollo program covered the entire Moon and that we now know everything about it. /s Th tragedy is that we didn't continue the expansion of our species off a single planet. Yes, we learned a lot from the Apollo program and later space programs but without more projects like Apollo we won't continue doing so. I disagree. Putting men back on the moon would require developing technology we don't currently possess and it would serve as a stepping stone to further exploration. Yes, we accomplished a ton due to the space race, so why would we not continue doing that? That's a ridiculous attitude. You could use the same logic to say we should ignore our problems with income inequality until we solve global warming, or vice versa. It turns out there are billions of people on earth with a wide variety of skills and we can do a lot in parallel. At its peak NASA used 4.41% of the federal budget. In 2014 it was 0.5%. We can afford to do more and as we know from experience the payoff is worth the expense. You're right, why should we build a city in Illinois when one already exists in New York. You're making a huge mistake if you think we have to pick between solving social issues and colonizing other planets. Spacex is doing what NASA should have done in the 80s. That's the tragedy. In many rural settings there is no dedicated fire department and it all operates on a volunteer basis. Around harvest time it was expected that the neighbors would have their tractors standing by hooked up with discs to till the crops and build fire lines. Dedicated fire fighters aren't the only people who can put out fires. Is Blue Origin trying to reach the Moon? I'm not aware of a project from Spacex or Blue Origin to do so. Spacex has their sights on Mars and Blue Origin seems to be about space tourism (orbit maybe). I admit to not being aware of the long term goals of Blue Origin though so maybe I missed something. A clarification question is not asking the same question twice. The point seems to be that you should pay attention. Everywhere I have worked took the shared responsibility approach, I think that's the status quo but there are obviously exceptions. One day at $megacorp a bug caused a production outage and a project manager sent an email to the team calling out the engineer who committed the change and asking us all to be more careful in the future. That manager was immediately reprimanded both in the email chain and in private. I find the culture of shared responsibility to be one of the best qualities of our industry, even if it isn't universal. I have never done what the GP describes but I consider myself very lucky as it's a very common mistake. I have heard enough horror stories to always keep that concern in the back of my mind. I do what your coworker did and it's a great feeling when you get the "451789356 rows updated" message inside a transaction where you are trying to change Stacy's last name after her wedding and all you have to do is run a ROLLBACK. Then it's time to go get a coffee and thank your deity of choice. I'm not sure where you get the suggestion that there is no speed limit in the passing lane. We drive on the right so the safest place to pass is on the left where the driver is. If everyone stays right as much as possible and faster traffic (this does not imply speeding) can move left to pass then traffic flows smoothly. Where are you getting the impression that speeding is allowed anywhere? > If the law requires a driver travelling at the legal speed limit to stay out of the "passing lane" so that other drivers can pass, this would imply that the law condones speeding, since only a driver moving faster than the legal speed limit can make use of that lane. That's not how it works. The law is "stay right except to pass". This is true regardless of speed. Speeding is still illegal in any lane. The "stay right" rule is about not obstructing the flow of traffic, it has nothing to do with the posted speed limit. e: To clarify many people drive below the speed limit, in this case it is possible to pass them in a lane to the left without exceeding the speed limit. I disagree that the Indiana law implies a right to speed, it just says that traffic should not be impeded. If you are going 65mph in a 65mph zone on a two lane road and someone comes up behind you at 80mph and you move over to pass as required by that law it's still entirely possible that they will be pulled over after they pass you. The law is about reducing the hazards on the road. Impeding traffic flow is extremely dangerous, more so than most people seem to realize [2]. These laws also apply in cases where the passed vehicle is traveling below the speed limit. The "stay right" rule is about not obstructing traffic because doing so is very dangerous. If that traffic is speeding then yes, they are also technically in the wrong but it is important to also stay right and not create an even more hazardous situation. This also means the "cruise control pass" where one car slowly overtakes another is also illegal if it is delaying anyone else from passing. Washington State has a similar law [1] as does Idaho I believe. [1]: http://app.leg.wa.gov/rcw/default.aspx?cite=46.61.427 [2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oqfodY2Lz0 > It's all more like "keep left except to pass slower traffic". It's pretty clear. Forgive me if you are in a left driving country but since this is a conversation about US State traffic laws I think you meant keep right except to pass. I really believe we should have mandatory driver testing on a regular basis. Say every 5 years for a skill test and a written test every year. Written test could be through the mail and it could be funded by increased penalties on speeding and impeding traffic flow. I got my drivers license in Idaho then moved to Seattle years later. Washington took one look at my Idaho license and handed me a Washington license. There were no questions asked about traffic laws or anything. This city has grown substantially in the last 10 years and it's starting to show in the traffic. We have big backups but we aren't at capacity, drivers are just very inefficient in their habits. Last year there was a push from the DOT to encourage zipper merging to more efficiently use our roads. I try to follow that advice but drivers aggressively prevent the merge at the merge point, probably because it seems to them like I am "cutting" in line. I think we could make big improvements just with some education. Self-driving cars will help but making people better (even a little bit) will help. And if human drivers follow the rules more reliably that has to make the self-driving car's job easier during the long transition from all human to all AI controlled. Impeding the flow of traffic is dangerous regardless of the presence of speeders, it is also against the rules. If you aren't following the "stay right" rule then you are as wrong as a speeder. You can't pick and choose what rules you want to obey. > At the least, I think it implies that laws are divided into (at least) two classes, laws that individuals must allow others to break, and those that they are allowed (or encouraged) to attempt enforcement. Maybe I misunderstand what you mean but I'm not aware of any situation where private citizens are encouraged to enforce the law. That's a recipe for disaster and is where road rage is born. Should I drive around and tailgate everyone in the left lane to teach them to drive on the right? What's the difference? e: The "drive right" rule is not about allowing speeders, it is about not impeding the flow of traffic. It's similar to "yield to the right", the rules of the road are designed to allow all of us to use a shared resource efficiently. I completely agree with you but I'm not sure that we should tackle this problem by targeting employers alone, I think it is a much wider reaching social problem. Discriminatory hiring practices are but one of many symptoms of the disease. State intervention depends on the cause(s). Direct intervention against the employer like this would make sense if there was deliberate discrimination in violation of the law. I agree the state should be acting at a much higher level to solve these problems. This could take the form of education incentives to get a more diverse workforce or do something about income inequality that prevents some demographics from pursuing certain career paths. I can not provide parallel examples but I disagree with your premise that you are obligated to stay right to enable others to break the law . Even if you are the only car on the road you still must drive in the right lane unless passing. The law says to stay right regardless of speed so there is no corner case based on traffic moving at the legal speed limit. Your obligation to stay right exists at all speeds. The purpose of the law is to improve safety by enabling smooth traffic flow and creating a predictable environment on the road. This is the parallel with "yield to the right". Communication between drivers is difficult so we have a set of rules to guide us in situations where the next action may otherwise be unclear. If two people meet in a hallway they can look at each other and say "excuse me" or "go ahead". This is not possible on the road. In the same way I can walk up behind someone on the sidewalk and say "excuse me" and walk around them. In a car this is not possible so we agree in advance (or rather, we are told by the authorities) what to do to avoid the situation and how to reconcile it. In some jurisdictions the purpose of the left lane is explicitly passing, you have no right to drive there unless you are passing someone else. In this case your obligation to stay right has nothing to do with the existence of a speeder or even your rate of speed. I am not defending speeding because it does increase risk and reduce safety on the road but it becomes much more dangerous when other drivers are also not following the rules. Breaking the speed limit while someone else violates the lane occupancy laws creates a compounding risk for everyone on the road. This is why we have rules against both. I would turn your request for parallel examples around and ask you for examples of a situation where it is ok to break the law to prevent someone else from doing the same. How do you justify such an action and is there a calculation as to how far to go? Is it ok to jaywalk to stop a robbery? Is it ok to murder someone to prevent jaywalking? When is vigilantism justified? I don't doubt your friends perception but as a white male if someone said "a person like you" to me in reference to an offer I would think they were referencing my education or work experience, not my gender or race. That may be privilege talking, I honestly don't know. Maybe I'm just naive. For a short(?) but wonderful period of time it was possible to blacklist sites from your Google search results. As I recall Google moved this functionality into the Chrome browser several years ago. When it was still available as an account setting I used it to filter out the awful "resources" like expertsexchange and that one Oracle consultant site with the hilarious pictures. When I see Quora results I long for that feature to be returned. I'm not sure I understand, they proxy the reviews? How do you see car makers differentiating their products in a world where all the parts including the frame are commoditized and the software is open source? Also, GM built an electric car back in the 90s called the EV-1. I wonder how much innovation was in that car vs the Volt. To answer the question in two words: absolutely not. I think this kind of segregation is harmful to the development of all students, including the gifted students. Gifted students can help raise up their less gifted classmates. If these gifted students are to be the next generation of leaders this is an invaluable skill. Nobody exists in a vacuum and putting students in an echo chamber during their formative years seems irresponsible. A diverse viewpoint and understanding of people different than you is crucial to a healthy society. If we learn early on that we are better or worse than others because of an arbitrary metric that will be carried forward for the rest of our lives. Would those that support segregated schools based on academic performance also support schools segregated based on athletic performance? I agree that gifted students have needs and those should be addressed but I don't think a separate school is the solution. Even AP classes feel like a problem to me because the most gifted students are not available to help those that struggle. Standardized testing hurts all students, not just gifted ones. We need to take a serious look at how education works in general so we can challenge all students to achieve their best. I don't think this can be done with echo chambers that create an increasing gap in academic performance and student development. I don't mean to imply that gifted students should be used as teacher aids but I think they have a different role to play in helping their fellow students. The teacher's job is still to teach but having peers to turn to is a valuable resource and skill that everyone should learn. By removing the best resource for that cooperation we do everyone a disservice. Sure, I'm not advocating for the status quo here. I just don't think segregation is the solution. All students struggle in our current education system so I think we need to solve that problem at the root rather than focus on just one symptom of a broken system. Gifted students should get what they need just like everyone else. I don't think a segregated system is good for anyone and the vacuum chamber you mention after high school is a problem in my opinion. We should all learn to seek diverse viewpoints for our entire lives. I think we agree on the problems but disagree on the solutions. All students need their needs addressed, not just gifted ones. Every single student is different so having schools that cater to one skill set does a disservice to all students. We need to focus on using the right techniques for all students, not just the gifted ones. I think it is a mistake to assume that students with a lower level of academic achievement have nothing to offer students with a higher level of the same. Please do not misunderstand, I do not think the current system is working, I just don't think segregation is the solution. What proposal are you referring to? I'm not advocating for treating gifted students as teaching aids. I am advocating for an educational environment that serves the interests of all students. I'm honestly not even sure what such a system would look like so I think you are jumping to conclusions. I just don't think segregated schools are the solution. I think we need to rethink the entire system. Every student learns differently and at a different pace so forcing everyone into the exact same experience isn't going to work. Maybe there is a case for more advanced opportunities based on academic (or athletic, or any other criteria) achievement. I don't think that requires an entirely separate school. A combination of classes shared regardless of academic performance along with opportunities for students to be challenged up to their level would be a good start. In my day to day career and personal life I am not intellectually challenged at all times, I think it's valuable if school emulates this experience. I think it's important that students don't get placed in echo chambers where they begin to think that everyone thinks or performs like they do. Like I said, I don't know how it would work but I don't think segregated schools are the solution, that's a step too far that eliminates opportunities for students of differing academic achievement to find common ground and teach each other something. All students should be challenged up to their potential, having two options isn't fine grained enough. What do you do about the kids that are bored even in the "gifted" programs? Yes I think it is important that students are exposed to differing viewpoints and levels of achievement on a regular basis. I also believe all students should be challenged up to their potential. Removing the opportunity for the gifted students to learn how to cooperate with their less gifted peers does everyone a disservice, especially when as the future leaders those gifted students will have to know how to work with (and elevate) everyone, regardless of academic achievement. With this in mind segregated schools do a disservice to everyone involved. I am not advocating a system where everyone is stuck in an introductory level class forever but I also don't think the opposite extreme is the solution. It could take the form of encouraging gifted students to become tutors or changing curriculum requirements so that gifted students can progress ahead of their peers but without leaving the same classroom. I don't have the answers but I don't think segregation is the solution. Twitter has no obligation to show anything anyone enters into their platform. They own it, they can do what they want with it. The government is subject to the rule of law and these NSLs can easily run afoul of the laws put in place to protect us from our government. Wow! Do you have a source? I'd love to know more about that. When you say protection do you mean from radiation or do you mean to trap an earth-like atmosphere in the rock? A franchised BMW dealership tried to charge me $15,000.00 for a new engine. It turns out the problem was two spark plus that they installed improperly. Their diagnosis turned out to be entirely manufactured. The idea that franchised dealerships somehow improve customer service is laughable. Based on my experience with BMW franchised dealerships your engine replacement may not have been necessary. They told me I needed the same and it turned out the problem was two spark plugs they didn't install properly. Part of that ordeal involved unnecessarily replacing fuel injectors under a BMW extended warranty after an incorrect diagnosis of the misfire. My car is out of the factory warranty now but I purchased a third party warranty that allows me to go to independent mechanics. My local dealership has a 100% failure rate with my car. Every service action they took has resulted in an egregious misdiagnosis or future failure of a part due to improper service. I'm not sure if I will ever buy a new BMW unless I can be reimbursed for the factory warranty that I will never use. The single most dangerous place to take your BMW is a BMW service location. BMW most certainly does not "have their shit figured out". I was quoted 15,000.00 for a new engine which turned out to be completely unnecessary. An independent shop replaced two spark plugs for $40.00 and fixed the misfire that a BMW dealer told me was caused by a bent intake valve. BMW NA told me that there was nothing they could do and that they "stand behind their dealers". All manufacturers leave a lot to be desired on the customer service front. Completely agreed. I'm not sure what the solution is. I like the idea of Tesla owning their own service because they can more directly control the quality but that only works if they actually want to provide good service. Yes this is great advice, I have since found an independent shop that I trust. They are actually the place I went for a second opinion on the engine replacement. I also found a third-party warranty company that does not require service at the dealership. I am disappointed in Toyota's current offerings. Take a look at what is on the lot today and what was on the lot in 1997. 20 years ago you could pick up a world-class Supra or a proper Land Cruiser or a Tacoma or a Camry or Corolla that could practically be the last commuter car you ever need. All of them stubbornly reliable. many of the cars Toyota had on the lot in 1997 still sell for close to their retail price! Today what do you get? I guess the Camry and Corolla are still good cars but I'm not convinced the reliability is still there. The Prius is "innovative" in some sense but it isn't the kind of vehicle the Supra and Land Cruiser were. There doesn't seem to be anything interesting or exciting on the lot from Toyota anymore. I took mine in for an oil change and they also removed that drain plug panel. In addition they broke the plastic cover for the cabin air filter by over-tightening the bolt that holds it on. It's a staggering level of incompetence. I changed the oil myself the next time and they had the filter cover torqued down so tight I had to make a wrench out of an old timing belt to get enough leverage to remove it. The cap has a torque spec printed right on it that is much lower than whatever the dealer tightened it to. The amazing thing isn't just the degree to which they make mistakes it's the frequency. More often than not they are doing the job wrong. This is exactly what I do, down to the oil. BMW made it really easy with the access flap for the drain plug and there are convenient jacking points on the subframe. The service calls for more than just changing oil but I'm not confident that the dealer even does all the "extra" things they claim. My car is due for a brake fluid flush soon, not sure if I will do that myself or have the mechanic do it. It's a Subaru Impreza with a different body. It's a nice car but it isn't a Toyota. They also tried to market it in the US as a Scion until that experiment also failed. It's very common at all dealerships. My dad worked at a Toyota dealership for 20+ years. He still takes his cars there for service. They frequently overfill them with oil because they don't take the time to let the crankcase drain fully. I worked for a guy who took his vehicles in to the same dealer for service and the Toyota shop forgot to put his drain plug back in then drove his truck around the lot and told him it was good to go. Luckily he did his own inspection because the crankcase was completely empty. I was in the waiting room of another Toyota dealership and the service writer told a woman that her scheduled service would cost $500.00 because her drain plug was stripped out and she needed a new oil pan. She insisted that the car had always been serviced at that Toyota dealer and they told her they could not verify that and the part is not covered under warranty because it is a "wear part". The incentive structure at a dealer service department is the exact opposite of favorable to the customer. Dealers are incentivized to perform the maximum number of warranty services so as long as they don't run afoul of the manufacturers expectation of warranty costs they are rewarded for excessive repairs. The excessive repairs are passed on to new customers in the form of less standard equipment and increased sticker prices so as long as sales are at an acceptable level manufacturers have no incentive to call the dealers on it. When out of warranty cars come in the customer is treated as a blank check to be bled dry because most people won't question the repairs if the price seems reasonable. e: I forgot about the time that same Toyota dealer that left out the drain plug over-torqued my lug nuts so severely that they warped the brake rotors. I noticed the pulsing in the brakes and pulled the wheels off to replace the rotors and the studs snapped off with my hand wrench! They were so tight that the threads were visibly stretched. Oh and when I worked there as a lot attendant in high school a tech replaced a radiator but didn't reattach the fan shroud so when I started the vehicle the whole fan/shroud assembly exploded and destroyed the radiator. Yeah they make good commuter cars like your Yaris and the new Corollas have a lot of great features but take a look at what Toyota was building back in the 90s before they wanted to become the biggest in the world. They had a much more diverse offering with at least a few exciting if low volume cars. When my car was in being diagnosed they put 40(!) miles on it then told me that it was impossible that they did any engine damage, even though they cleaned the intake ports which involves removing the intake manifold and media blasting the parts they claim were damaged and would cost $15,000.00 to fix. They also claimed it was impossible that they caused the wheel damage that wasn't there when I dropped the car off "because there are no curbs here". Right, because car dealerships are always built in perfectly smooth fields and you put 40 miles on it using a treadmill. /s They also told me that if I brought the loaner car back with less than a full tank they would charge me $5.00/gallon(!!) to top it off. They put 40 miles on my car and didn't reimburse me. Franchised dealer service departments really are the worst. I am very impressed with the engineering and build quality of my BMW but the service is so bad the rest doesn't really matter. I hope Tesla is able to improve the level of service and forces others to do the same. The Tacoma is still available and still excellent but the Tacomas they built in the mid 90s are still in very high demand. My point in bringing them up is that they had a full lineup of truly excellent vehicles. The new ones are great pickups but they are expensive and like everything else awfully bloated. In the 90s you could get an all wheel drive turbocharged Celica or a twin turbocharged Supra or the lightweight MR2 which was also available with a turbo. All of those cars were still as reliable as you would expect from Toyota but weren't simple appliances to get from A to B. In the years since then Toyota has completely forgotten how to build an interesting car and has lost sight of what "car people" find appealing about cars. Toyotas aren't bad at all, the company just forgot about a bunch of the really cool stuff they used to do and I am disappointed about that because I think they could still do a lot of it. If Dodge can build the Hellcat and Chevy can build the ZR-1 why can't Toyota build a proper Supra? I guess Lexus had the house-on-wheels LF-A but that's not going to fill the gap left by the Celica, Supra and MR2. Les Schwab has provided consistently excellent service to me over the years. I can't speak for other tire places but of the four Les Schwabs I have done business with I have never had a single problem. From my personal experience dealers are much worse than tire shops but I'm not going to claim that's true in general. The non-Subaru concept was the FT-HS which never made it into production. The Toyota 86 uses an Impreza chassis and engine. Mechanically it's a Subaru. AFAIK the Toyota/Scion versions may have a slightly different engine but it's still a Subaru boxer. Right but SQS is a pull model so it doesn't generate events. You can use SNS events to trigger a Lambda and tell it that something was added to an SQS queue or S3 or Dynamo or whatever. Hah, never really thought of it that way. That doesn't seem quite right though, do you mean a doctor should be paid for you not needing to be seen ? That's exactly right. I don't know what metrics are used inside the dealership but I suspect they encourage this type of behavior, perhaps unintentionally. Say you have two service writers. One is highly competent, motivated and puts the customer's interests first, they try to properly diagnose the problem and fix it the first time. They will also strive to learn from any mistakes so they are not repeated. The other doesn't really care and just does the easy thing. Throw parts at the problem and if you can get the manufacturer or the customer to pick up the tab then all the better. When it comes time for promotions what gets considered? Is it minimal repairs, customer satisfaction or is it dollars in the register? It could be some combination of all of course but I think at the end of the day it is dollars as long as the customers in general have a perception they are being cared for. If that means telling them a repair will be free from BMW that's probably even better than not having a problem at all. A customer may think "Wow the dealer really helped me out of a jam there!" even though the problem never existed. Over time this means that the thoughtful and customer-focused service writers get pushed out of dealership service departments for a lack of performance. In fact the service writer at my independent shop used to work at the dealer and left. Totally agreed. The Tacoma is bloated and expensive relative to its older siblings but not it's current day competition. More of a commment on all vehicles getting bigger and having more buttons added over the years. Time will tell but I don't think a 2017 Tacoma will hold up as well after 20 years as a 1997 Tacoma. That's not necessarily a bad thing either I just distrust all the gadgets from a long-term reliability standpoint. In a past life in spent a couple years in an auto tech program and was an equipment mechanic in college to pay for books (beer) so I am familiar with the process of bleeding my brakes. You are right to be concerned about moisture, that's actually why they need bled. BMW suggests bleeding them roughly every other oil change because no system is perfectly water/moisture tight. The nice thing about having my mechanic do it is they already have a place to do it and they deal with the waste fluid plus they also inspect the rest of the car and have a lot more experience with what to look for than I do. Preventative maintenance is a big deal on these cars so having an experienced mechanic look at it regularly puts my mind at ease. I just recently started renting a friend's garage so I could rebuild my motorcycle so now that I have my tools and a space to do work I am much more likely to do this kind of thing myself. While that works it's a good idea to always bleed the excess fluid out because it doesn't last forever. Brake fluid is lighter than water so any moisture will make its way to your calipers then start rusting them from the inside. That's why manufacturers suggest flushing the system regularly. Brake fluid is pretty cheap relative to calipers so you may as well just bleed it out. This is a really good practice but not everyone has the experience tools, time and space to do this. Not to toot my own horn (hah) but I am capable of performing any repair that has come up for my car but I still pay a mechanic most of the time because after moving to a city I don't have the space for my tools or a place to work on the car. It's unfortunate that the shop that carries the manufacturers name is not a trustworthy place to have the work done, even with their exorbitant premium on labor. A friend of mine actually made a pressure bleeder out of an old weed sprayer. I really like the idea of using that because it's easier to maintain the balance in he system and fully flush the old fluid. He stores his with brake fluid in it which seems to me to defeat the purpose of bleeding brakes because the weed sprayer isn't going to be any more resistant to moisture than the brake system in the car. I'll probably have him help me build my own and then use that. There is also a tool library around here that may have an actual pressure bleeder I can rent. This is right, it is quite easy if you know the procedure. However, no brake system is perfectly water right because it has moving parts. Flushing the system periodically removes this moisture before it can accumulate to a level that will cause significant corrosion of the internal brake parts. Not sure what you mean by cross pattern but most cars have their braking system split up into two systems that are diagonally opposite. This way a failure in one only results in a loss of 50% of braking instead of up to 80% if the front fails. The cross bleeding is done to maintain the balance in the system and prevent the sensors from improperly detecting a failure in the brake system. Exactly! In a past life I had purchased a 1973 S30 with the intention of swapping in an LS-1 from an old Camaro, GTO or Corvette. I quickly changed my mind on that and decided on an RB26DETT because it's still a Nissan motor and the price isn't much different. Life happened and that project had to be abandoned but I would really like to give it a go one of these days. At this point I think the SR20DET is the ideal motor for an S30. The RB26 still has a very strong appeal however... e: If you have not already seen them you may find Doug DeMuro's Skyline exploits entertaining: https://youtu.be/5eFA3cwfR3E Non-molested versions still sell for close to or even over(!) original retail price. The 2JZ-GTE is a marvel of an engine. It's got a turbocharged turbocharger! How cool is that!? While I value my second amendment rights I will not allow that to prevent me from supporting the ACLU. I also can't stomach supporting the NRA. It's a challenging position to be in because I do care about my rights but I'm not sure where to turn to support my second amendment rights specifically. Could a cooperative effort to create a plausible body of work help in these situations? A journalist could keep a plausible number of canned stories on their machine and when the duress code is triggered everyone stops using them and more are written to take their place. What level of quality in the writing is needed? Can some kind of news aggregating algorithm generate plausible stories? Some kind of propaganda bot that writes stories that are favorable to the regime for the purpose of creating a plausible cover? Do I need to go get more coffee and watch fewer spy movies? This is the problem for me. I want an organization that will fight for my second amendment rights but that also isn't advancing a secondary agenda that I disagree with. I don't think my city's tax on gun and ammo sales is an effective or constitutional measure and I want to support organizations that will fight that type of measure. I did not support Obama's "common sense" ban on gun sales to people on the no-fly list because I don't believe the no-fly list itself is constitutional. I do want to take steps to reduce gun violence in America but my current choices on the political front are either ineffective and/or unconstitutional laws from the left or a complete unwillingness to even try from the right. I do not support Jeff Sessions for Attorney General because I think the entire bill of rights is valuable and applies to everyone and I don't think he will uphold it effectively. Thank you for these resources, this is exactly what I was looking for. So much this. When I was in college I worked for a farmer as an equipment mechanic. He had a 1999 Chevrolet Silverado 2500. It had plenty of power, traction and ground clearance to get around the farm with enough cargo space for a replacement tractor tire and enough towing capacity to pull a 20' trailer down the freeway. All while carrying all of our tools. It did all of this with a bed that was low enough to reach into from the side without climbing on anything and with a tailgate low enough I could load relatively heavy items without the need of a lift or a second set of arms. I look at the new F-150 with the ladder in the tailgate and I think that's completely missing the point. Their whole thing about "military grade aluminum" makes me laugh every time. I associate it with the quote about the Saturn V being 2 million parts made by the lowest bidder on a government contract. I don't want military grade anything. I want something that will last me 20 years without hesitation. Excel would be a terrifying proposition. Much like you should assume the network is always compromised you should also assume the spreadsheet is always broken. I didn't read GPs comment as passing judgement, just that the American concept seemed different to what they are familiar with. The word "friend" is overloaded here, we just don't have a problem with that because lots of words are overloaded. Do you have a source for this? What kind of material do they add? The government isn't a corporation. Visio also doesn't have fighter jets and tanks. The rules are different. How is it ridiculous when our actions then and since have consistently destabilized the region? Our actions then are still felt today. Shouldn't that kind of change be measurable using both methods on wood from the same part of the same tree? What is the nature of this "aged" quality that is desirable? Not sure why that's funny? It's a legitimate concern. You should look harder. If you have Oracle experience then brush up on Postgres and cash in because specialization in just that specific migration can probably carry you into retirement. You're absolutely right about the feature set of Oracle, it really is impressive. With every release Postgres gains more of the killer features of Oracle but there is still a long way to go. In addition to your list above I would also like to mention partitioning. it is available now in Postgres but it is much weaker than what Oracle offers, although it does improve with every release. I would love to see row movement in Postgres. Coming from an Oracle environment and now working primarily with Postgres I notice that Postgres is much nicer to developers where Oracle seems much more oriented to DBAs. Oracle has nice tools around things like partitioning and sharding but it doesn't even have a boolean datatype! Postgres has a full selection of datatypes, indexes and handy functions like row_to_json(). This isn't funny. What makes you think the police care about bad press? Police officers have a lot of discretion and I'm not sure that a camera is always the best way to get preferential treatment within that discretion. It may be legal but in addition to the courts recognizing it as acceptable officers need to do the same. A court decision will not change the perception of recording among officers but hopefully as more people exercise their rights it will become commonplace and not stigmatized by the police. You may be right, what specific meaning is that? I mean that there are many possible outcomes of something like a traffic stop and shoving a camera in the officer's face is probably not the best way to get a warning. Please do not put words in my mouth. I did not claim that all (or even any) police are evil or inhuman. I do not think "How will this look in the paper?" calculates into whether or not an officer issues me a ticket for speeding or lets me go with a warning or attempts to search my car. I don't think it is considered at any point by individual officers, including during the use of force. I think the decision is based more on behavior such as if I am evasive or cooperative. I am far more likely to get a warning if I am polite rather than argumentative. I think we are talking past each other. My google result says the same thing, it also lists "better" and "privileged" as synonyms. I used the term preferential treatment to mean that in some cases the police may let a person go with just a warning but if that person has a camera they may come down on the person harder. In the case where the person believes the police will not act favorably to the individual or even illegally then filming would be in the person's favor. In that case filming would result in what I would call preferable treatment because it's still not "better" than treatment someone else would receive. Privilege is a huge component in deciding if filming the police would actually be favorable to an individual. When I say preferential I am referring to the treatment certain groups receive from the police in general relative to other demographics. I have noticed the same phenomenon. Since humans are social creatures I think there is an evolutionary bias to avoid decision paralysis and just follow whoever seems to be the most confident. We are better off in general if we just cooperate and take action instead of deliberating every decision so people seem to be wired to just accept the first thing that appears to be reasonable. I'm not sure I agree with this. Are you saying all voting is rigged? Also not all incompetent managers are micro-managers, I have had problems with managers that are uninvolved as well. It may be possible for a candidate to gain votes by promising free benefits (or even non-free benefits) to their constituents and then actually grant those benefits. I would not describe that situation as a problem because that's exactly how representative democracy is supposed to work. I don't see how rigged voting implies incompetence or that incompetence implies rigged voting. Also, I nave never seen a business setting that had elections, rigged or not. In the cases where I have been faced with incompetent managers their constituents (employees/reports) would have voted them out at the nearest opportunity. Is this the rigged system to which you refer? And yet we became humans by being the most competent apes. Perhaps both are true. I'm not arguing that tall people are better leaders than short people, just that we seem to have such a bias built in and it must exist for some evolutionary reason. In a way I find the Dilbert Principle [1] more encouraging because it implies promotion is based on what will improve the overall productivity of the group. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dilbert_principle Can you provide references to the facts in those books? Even the titles would be appreciated. Taxation is not required for representation but taxation does require representation. This fundamental concept of American democracy is applicable in only one direction. I don't see how you established the connection between managers and politicians. Corporate governance and national governance are not equivalent. If an employee or founder is fired that is not the same as failing to be (re)elected. Founders are not initially selected by a democratic system. I do not accept works of entertainment fiction as evidence of any real world phenomenon. Marathons and sailing don't require purpose-built facilities so it's easy to maintain the variety there, just draw the route somewhere else. Sliding sports might present more of a challenge but a few corners can be changed to add variety without having to build an entirely new facility. I think previous commenters have suggested this but what about splitting the Olympics up into four years of competitions. So 1/4 of the the events are played every year. There would be "premiere" events to draw people in but the less-viewed sports could actually get more attention because there is less competition for viewership. They have pulled it off several times now without the additional complication so I assume it is just not worth the effort. Also what does an electromagnet capable of holding up a rocket require in power? Would the barge still be agile enough to function? Would the benefits outweigh the additional complication? The absence of such a system on the SpaceX barges suggests the answer to those questions is no. Wow, thank you for this response. An author responding to a comment on their article seems rare in my eyes. Do you think this kind of commentary should happen on the TC website instead of a third party site? Do you think Facebook comments are conducive to constructive commentary on your articles? Vancouver Island is an island in British Columbia and is unprotected from the open Pacific Ocean. Large parts of Seattle are fill and are at a significant risk of land slide in case of a major quake. I'm not sure how the two regions compare but I don't think seismic activity alone is the only factor to consider. Much of the Seattle area is at risk of land slides and although we have fewer noticeable quakes we may still see more severe ones with less frequency. Right, the tsunami risk is to Vancouver Island and the earthquake/landslide risk is to Seattle. StClaire did not suggest a tsunami risk to Seattle. I was hoping to learn something like this. I was hoping to see other comparable activities though. Driving is actually much less dangerous than I expected in comparison to riding a motorcycle but I think there are other factors, mostly that injuries are not considered, only fatalities. I read that as flipping a coin to predict if the most-endorsed language will be the language of choice in an interview. I make no claim to the statistical usefulness of such a statement. That is a really surprising comparison, thanks for pointing it out! Do you have a source for that, it is something I expect to be repeating. In my experience there's probably a case for both. Having a local IT person you know and trust to take care of your immediate needs is going to be beneficial but it would also be nice if that person didn't have to patch your email server personally. Decentralized IT is great for things like email and shared hosting and generic services but individual teams may be better suited to having more direct control. I don't think its an all or nothing situation. But Japan has taken significant steps to prepare themselves for an earthquake, no? I'm not as confident about Seattle's preparedness. In five years of living here I can only recall maybe two times we were actively encouraged to review our personal preparedness plans. Any other information on the topic is something I had to find on my own. In the process of drilling a tunnel over 100' under ground (because the existing elevated road can't withstand another earthquake) several older buildings began to shift at the surface. Downtown Seattle is extremely unstable and I'm not confident that the structures in the city are prepared for the type of quake we are about to face. Japan has had a lot of wake up calls and as far as I know has done a lot more preparation. Before we spend a few billion dollars on a train maybe we should spend some of that cash on making sure our apartments and offices don't end up in Lake Union or Elliott Bay. The fact that you allude to it suggests you can fathom it in some way. Maybe you don't want to but clearly bad actors can exploit insecure systems and that's especially easy from the inside. I wonder how much infrastructure is really required to properly support Alexa like capabilities for an individual. Does Amazon really need all of our recordings on their hardware in their data centers? Is it conceivable that we could own that hardware as well? I realize that training data is important and I assume the recorded data gets used for that purpose but does Amazon need to keep it forever? How long do they need it? Can I own and posses the hardware and pass off the learning alone? Additionally, what benefit do we have to gain by preserving these recordings? The whole thing seems massively risky for no reason other than to make a few bucks. I might watch too many spy movies but maybe they wait for a time she will be away from her phone, like the camping trip she has been talking about for weeks or a school field trip that can be easily learned and googled from conversations about class or sports competitions based on googling team names. These are all things that are likely to come up in regular, routine conversation. The real question is why you wouldn't already be terrified about having a microphone in your house that is open to the internet. Their ability to do harm with Flash has been limited so they had to branch out. Really though this is pretty cool, when not used for nefarious purposes. The VPN does introduce a lot of complication, what if we had publicly routable IP addresses from any network in the world and then just used default deny policies on our firewalls to secure networks and encrypted protocols to secure data? Someone should really get to work on developing such a technology stack. /s Sarcasm aside, I completely agree with you and as soon as someone offers iPhone/Siri level functionality in a simple package I think people will eat it up. I know the whole "personal cloud" thing is not new but as people realize the implications of putting all their data in the hands of complete strangers I think the market for such a device will take off. I don't mean to suggest this is something Amazon would bring to market using an Echo. I mean do you really need Amazon/Apple/Microsoft/Google levels of hardware to run a voice interface for an individual's digital assistant? Is it feasible to install hardware with the capability of Alexa in the standard user's home? I think the answer to that is probably "yes", more or less. Some things may be a bit harder to do but I don't see why I need a huge black box in the sky to parse my voice or do some geolocation. Not if it is configured to connect to a server in your home with all the data it needs to function. There are a lot of details that have to be done right. Backups in the cloud still make a lot of sense but there need to be serious guarantees on the security of the backed up data. Decentralized backups could be a solution to this but come with their own problems like can you trust your cousin and brother in law to run servers as reliably as Amazon? I would love to see some of the features of iCloud moved into an Airport type device with expandable storage and modular hardware that I can simply swap out when it fails. I realize Siri level capabilities would take more hardware than the typical router contains but I feel like a Mac mini may even have the necessary horsepower to do the amount of cloud computing my iPhone requires in a day. The hard parts are creating the map data to begin with and training the voice recognition but once those are complete why can't I just run them on local hardware? I don't think that comparison is fair and the article reads to me like it is focused primarily on large commercial installations which would be comparable to coal power plants. Having said that I think it would be fair to count home installations anyway. If we are talking about the job creating benefits of power generation methods then we should talk about jobs per installed Megawatt both in terms of initial roll out and ongoing maintenance. There is no option to use coal generators at home, although I believe coal heat was not uncommon in the last century. If such a thing was common today then "residential coal boiler worker" could also be counted as part of the coal industry. Coal is not a technology that lends itself well to home installation and so there are fewer people involved in it. One of the benefits of solar is that it can be installed on individual homes and this will necessarily employ more people to support all the individual installations. Exactly the way it was described. People are on board the rocket for the minimal amount of time before launch and not during the most risky operations in order to mitigate the risk of explosion. While the people are on board the rocket there are systems in place to increase their chances of escape, again mitigating the risk. e: I realize you are saying none of this reduces the risk of the rocket exploding but at some point that doesn't matter because there's never going to be an absolute guarantee. The mitigation of risk that the rocket explodes is the further test flights the new rocket will complete before a manned mission to the moon. Two lost rockets in a year is a lot better than previous years. Musk did not invent PayPal. He founded x.com which merged with PayPal two years after PayPal was founded. He has also been clear that he had three goals: 1) Expanding solar power use. 2) Popularizing electric vehicles. 3) Making human life multi-planetary. I am paraphrasing and perhaps understating his desired level of success. Do the fuels have to remain in a cryogenic state in space? Can much larger containers with warmer fuel be used once the fuel is in orbit? I have no idea if this makes any sense. You're right of course, the cloud certainly has great advantages and isn't going anywhere. I still struggle to find an application where my personal data needs to be sent to a cloud service to provide the level of convenience we have today. I would rather none of my map usage or geolocation data ever went to the cloud. Yes, Google does aggregate a lot of valuable information but that could be consumed by personal devices directly instead of giving Google the ability to combine our travel habits with our eating habits and our browsing habits. Bus arrival data isn't big or complex, Google just aggregates it which is why you go to maps but they don't actually put a GPS/Cellular device on every bus (excluding android phones >_>). They aggregate location data from the bus operator sources. I don't need to know where every bus in the United States is at every moment like Google does. I just need to know when my bus is reaching a stop near me. My home server could easily hit the same services Google does to get arrival data per stop or even just stay up to date on all the routes in my area or city. Bus arrival data is public so there's no reason for me to store it locally but my usage of that data is personal and is something I want to own and control end to end. I don't own an Echo because I don't feel the convenience of such a device is outweighed by the obvious privacy implications. I would be more likely to use it if it was located within my home but at that point the limiting factor would probably be cost. This is why such a device would have to provide additional functionality. In a world where it is just expected that you have a personal cloud server in your home Alexa becomes an "app" on that server and the Echo continues life as a very nice speaker/microphone device you can place in a visible area in order to interact with that server. This really runs counter to my experiences in IT. Generally the larger the company I have been in the more likely my email and printers actually work. Front-line IT is much more about soft skills than technical skills. Putting paper in printers and showing users how to use google are not hard technical skills but are crucial to the success of an IT organization. The people who understand how to manage email servers should be doing so for the whole organization because supporting 10,000 users isn't really much more complicated than supporting 10. There's no reason to have 100 email administrators in an organization when it can be done with a handful. The change management procedures for sub-organizations are irrelevant, the marketing team just gets email from somewhere, they shouldn't have to know or care where it comes from or how it is managed as long as the SLA is met. Let them carry on with what they are good at instead of struggling to find a competent email administrator. I agree the team that manages email should be small, just like the team that manages the printers or whatever other IT plumbing but to me that's the benefit of a large IT organization, instead of having to find one guy who is a jack of all trades (and master of none) you leverage economies of scale and get experts in each service to manage them for everyone. If this boils down to an engineer incorrectly entering a command can we please refer to this outage as "Fat Finger Tuesday"? Agreed, especially regarding the culture but isn't this pretty much the same explanation they gave a few years ago when something similar happened? I seem to recall an EC2 or S3 outage a few years ago that boiled down to an engineer pushing out a patch that broke an entire region when it was supposed to be a phased deployment. I could be mis-remembering that but it's important that these lessons be applied across the whole company (at least AWS) so it would be a bigger mark against AWS if this is a result of similar tooling to what caused a previous outage. I think the value of making these mistakes is in learning from them and then making sure they can't happen again. Leaving this process in place and just making this guy run the command forever because he screwed it up once would be a much less effective solution than fixing the tooling so it's impossible to do this in the first place. Saying "this guy don't do it again" also offers absolution to everyone else on the team. In a healthy culture only we can fail. Transit hubs could even have the charging infrastructure onsite but in that case why not just swap the whole bus? I have a 1973 CL350 which I am currently getting back on the road. They are fantastic bikes, largely because they are robust, dead simple and Honda made tens of thousands of them. Having said that, they did have some components that have not aged well. The number one flaw on these bikes in my opinion is the stock carburetors. Honda used a constant velocity type carburetor which in theory provides very smooth throttle action and is easier to ride. In reality the vacuum diaphragm is a very delicate part that frequently fails with tiny air holes that leak vacuum, causing a mismatch in the throttle input between the cylinders (twin carb two cylinder, one per cylinder). This is a similar failure mode to your modern Suzuki air pressure sensor failing. The other pain point is the mechanical points in the ignition system. This is an area of constant fiddling with adjustment and new condensers. It's much preferred to simply replace the points system with a "modern" (1980s technology) electronic ignition system. This removes the moving parts and greatly extends the life of a tune-up. Old bikes are super cool and the 350 platform is a fantastic one but even back then bikes had "high tech" parts that did not age well and gaps where better tech had not been invented. The great thing about the 350 platform is that due to its popularity people are still coming up with solutions. In this way a Honda 350 is similar to Unix. Maintenance "headaches" are part of the appeal of old bikes. It's much easier to learn how an internal combustion powered vehicle works on an old Honda bike than a new one, or on a new car. Compared to other bikes of their day these are very simple to maintain and they were designed from the start to be kept running by the average person. It really depends on what you are looking for in a bike. If enjoying turning a wrench on a Saturday makes me a hipster then pass the beard wax. I guess it depends on how hard it is to swap out a battery but on a vehicle like a bus that can probably be made very simple. Now that I think about it a bus must carry a large quantity of fuel, I wonder how long it takes to fill one up. Swapping a battery could actually be faster . Sure but even with low charging rates you can make up the difference with more battery packs right? All the fasteners I have seen are standard metric sizes, what speciality tools are you referring to? The side cover screws can be stubborn but even a Philips #3 with an impact driver ($20.00 at the pawn shop) pops them right off. Conversion kits to standard allen head screws are cheap, on the order of $50.00 for the whole engine. There is a special nut on the oil spinner but that's the only specialty tool I can think of on the bike until you start actually disassembling the whole thing and you don't even have to remove it to do an oil service. I guess the shock/steering head adjuster is a specialty tool? But that was included with the bike so not hard to find either. Parts can be a bit harder but since these things were so popular it's a lot easier than any other bike from 1969. Also the aftermarket is huge if you don't care about staying totally stock. That's what the impact driver is for. I didn't have to convert any bolts to metric, all those are already metric. Only the screws need to be converted. What gaskets leaked? Side covers? I haven't had a problem with side cover gaskets but I did have some replacement non-JIS screws back out because they were not torqued properly. Can't speak to cylinder wear, my bike has close to 10k hard miles and doesn't compression test real well but does work fine. What you claim is very concerning and I do not wish to discount it but do you have any evidence? To clarify, using three easy outs instead of the right tool is kind of like saying config files are flawed because they have to be edited. Tools are created for a job and it is up to us as engineers to use them properly. Most of the screws I have seen are trashed from people using screwdrivers instead of impact drivers. Even with the proper JIS bit the screws will still be ruined if you don't use an impact type tool. There's just no way to apply enough axial force to the fastener with a normal hand tool, even if the shape is correct. You don't get FU money by "saving up". I think the resurgence refers to the market share Apple gained since the OS9 days. You don't, that's the point. I have a hard time blaming either of those on design flaws. Did Honda even build a CL550? Was that a huge parallel twin or a four cylinder scrambler? Never heard of either of those configurations from Honda. Do you mean CB550? If so they demand a higher price because they are 1) older and 2) look way better. Super Nighthawk performance isn't much to write home about relative to newer bikes for the same price and vintage bikes look really nice. Now is probably a great time to pick up a Super Nighthawk because as with almost all vehicles their value drops off continually for their first 20 or so years until they are truly part of a previous generation of vehicles that is no longer available. Then the value starts to rise again due to scarcity. We saw the same thing in the 90s with 1970s domestic cars which peaked in the 2000s. It's happening now with 1980s Japanese cars and has been happening to 1970s and 80s Japanese bikes. My solution to carburetor issues on my CL was to replace the carburetors with another design from Mikuni. You do have the option to swap a megasquirt system on to your bike and then use sensors that are cheaper or more readily available. I'm not sure if that would be easier or not but it is an option and it is something that will become increasingly more common as "new" bikes become "old" over the next 10 or so years. Or you know, we could uphold the rule of law and punish rule breakers within the framework we already have. That seems to be a preferable approach since space lasers would require allowing NK to build a functional missile in the first place. If it is possible to sabotage the actual design at some critical point they can be prevented from creating functional missiles at all. The article discusses this, they did meet with the CIA before publishing. The CIA will of course issue the standard Glomar response (or simply remain silent) and NK will have no more or less concrete information than they had before. So then the NY Times is in bed with the CIA? The article includes their justification for publishing this, in fact that is about the last third of the text. The NY Times seems to be consistent with their handling of these types of stories so then the question becomes when has harm been done by this type of investigative journalism? We don't know what other possible defenses are in place, this may just be the method preferred at this stage in missile development or perhaps the NY Times just hasn't identified others yet. We may also have other vectors on the weapon itself. Perhaps another software bug like this or Stuxnet and/or more conventional missile defense technologies. Like anything else in cyber security it is important to understand what is possible to defend oneself against it. Do you think the Russians and Chinese would sit idly by if we did not participate in cyber warfare? With regard to MAD any nuclear strategy has to be based on the expectation of other parties interfering with the proper operation of our arsenal. This is why the nuclear triad exists. Is this a new vector? Maybe. Is it so different from designing missiles that are fire-and forget or using launch codes in the first place? That's a lot of assumptions. You could say that the lack of another 9/11 type attack in recent history and the high failure rate of these missiles shows that the US Intelligence community has already overcome this prejudice. I recently asked about the "unlimited vacation" policy and received a vague answer about "establishing expectations with your manager" and then was told they went with someone else. I thought about if I should ask or not but I honestly don't understand how such a policy could be good for employees so I wanted an idea of the culture that allows it. If that question contributed to them not giving me an offer then good riddance so I don't regret asking. If you think price gouging out of state applicants could work and that is what they are already doing then why are you not in favor of accepting out of state students? How does this screw California taxpayers? Is UCLA over capacity? But do we actually all pay a little more? Was additional funding added along with the requirement to provide captioning? This seems like a troubling precedent. It is entirely possible that the judgement was correct at the time but what about as technology advances? Are there other examples of prescriptive judgements like this which prevent new technology from being applied? Lack of funding and content that was created before 1990. Can they do something like caption content only as requested instead of preemptively captioning all of it? Is there some time limit on how quickly the content must be made available? Can they caption only the most commonly accessed content up to $x/yr up to whatever Berkeley can afford for accessibility? Then I guess we are just left with a lack of funding. Depends on your definition of irresponsible. Companies exist to make money so the most responsible thing to do is make as much money as possible. If breaking the law means you will make more money then do it. See: a x b x c = x formula from Fight Club or Uber's entire business model. Your assumption that we don't want bugs is probably why you are asking the question. Companies don't care about bugs, they care about losing money so if the bug doesn't cost money it's not worth fixing until it costs more than the fix. I think this is actually very short sighted but that's just how the incentives align in our current system. I make no claim to the philosophical implications of any of this. Being lawyers they have enough common sense to do the math and figure out that the cost of being caught would never outweigh the profits. At that point the only incentive is to make as much money as possible for as long as you can. If you have land then yes, but what about places that don't have land and do have a lot of deep water? Well then I suppose that's the question. Did the court specifically say that software cannot be used or did the court provide a minimum standard of quality that can be applied to any method? Unless they are really good rocket scientists... No, it will be the Glomar defense or nothing at all. Isn't the biggest problem with tolls the regressive impact it has on residents? What do you do for people who can't get to work because they can't afford tolls? Not only that, a subway station has value based on what is near it so it is not economical to build until you reach a certain density. You seem to have misunderstood my point. As density increases it is easier to build subway stations because the value measured in terms of money or units of abstract social benefit goes up proportionally to density. That does not imply subway stations should not be built in low density areas, it is just an observation that as density increases subway stations are easier to build. How can something that takes twice as long be faster? Maybe not guards but that's splitting hairs. Nazi party members with rocketry experience were absolutely granted citizenship. Even von Braun himself used slave labor to build rockets during the war. Can we please have a higher standard of truth than a Reddit comment, especially one that doesn't cite any sources? I am not saying the linked comment is wrong but why should I believe it over anything else? It isn't though. Without sources it's still just a Reddit comment. We should have higher standards than this. Are you implying that we should just accept peer reviewed work and Reddit comments as equally valid? I don't disagree with you, peer-review is no guarantee of proof but I assign more weight to it than an upvote. Especially if I can read the work myself and investigate further sources. You have done nothing to answer the GP. How does Google determine if the captcha should be shown? What are the "adaptive captchas" that are shown to suspect users? A demo would do a great job here. How does an invisible captcha "create value by applying human bandwidth" if the premise is that humans never see the captcha? I think you are raising a valid point but this is outside my expertise. Could a site owner satisfy the EU Data Privacy Directive by simply notifying users that their activity is being provided to Google to prevent abuse on the site? I imagine something similar to the cookie warning. The GP claim is that "beer as a safe alternative to water" is likely a myth. In order to back this up they linked to a comment that does nothing to prove this claim. Sure, the Reddit comment says there is no primary source evidence to back up the claim that beer was used as a safe alternative to water but that does not make it a source to claim that beer was not used as a safe alternative to water. Furthermore, the Reddit post makes unsubstantiated claims, such as "failing many logic tests" without naming the logic tests themselves. The entire second paragraph is predicated on the assumption that homesteads used only clean water sources without polluting them. How did they handle waste? Did they know how far from water sources to deposit their waste? The comment doesn't say. Indeed the burden of proof is on the accuser and in this case the GP is the accuser. Reddit comments do not meet my standard for proof. But this one isn't so it doesn't get the benefit of the doubt based on higher quality peers. /r/AskHistorians may be a fine place to discuss history but without sources the comments can be treated as nothing more than opinion. I wish I knew enough about chemistry to know if you are providing valuable commentary or pulling our collective leg. I will give you the benefit of the doubt. Are you saying the water will remain like this for a period of months or years? Thank you for this explanation! Can you tell me more about why it is easy to "mix crap with both until they give you the same hash?" Specifically in the context of MD5. This is HN, surely someone can point me in the right direction to learn more about the specific part of MD5 that makes it weak to this, even if it is only conceptual. Someone on HN made a claim that the idea of beer as a clean drinking source was a myth and cited a Reddit comment as a source. This is unacceptable to me because that Reddit comment cites no further sources and raises other concerns. I would apply the same rigor to a claim that beer was used as an alternate drinking supply. Internet comments are just that, commentary. The same as the opinion piece in a newspaper. If they are to be used as fact they must meet a much higher standard or be disregarded. It is not acceptable to cite one opinion as proof of another. I make no claim to the validity of the USA Today article. Unsubstantiated claims should not be countered with other unsubstantiated claims. I am simply calling for a higher level of proof. Your invocation of common sense is insulting. What part of drinking water makes it self-evident that it was drank before beer? Additionally, how does it establish a long history? You seem to cite your entire comment as a source for the extraordinary claim that drinking water has no substitute and that adding things to water only makes it worse. Are you saying that any additive to drinking water is harmful? I do not accept subreddits as a source of anything beyond Reddit commentary itself. They are opinion pieces unless they include sources. The quality of comments in this thread are entirely irrelevant to the comment you linked. I apply the same standard to all internet comments. If you wish to deflect that is on you but I stand by my standard of truth. Well in this case sure, competition is good and apparently Austin has multiple choices so everything is fine but competition is not always the answer. Competition does not seem to be the answer to public transit for example. It's not such a leap to say that ride sharing type apps might end up being replaced by a more personal and dynamic form of bus service. But they also don't have to pay the drivers at all. It's a pivot from making the drivers foot the bill but its not obviously untenable as a business model. I think the part that should raise eyebrows is Uber's claim they can actually build the cars before they run out of money. They literally do this. It's also not that great. Want to pay $12.00 for a cold $8.00 sandwich? Safeway has its own delivery service in some markets and so does Amazon. Instacart does Costco delivery as well. Costco itself has business delivery at least and possibly other delivery options. Because then you would just be a boring successful business and not a unicorn. Does supply chain expertise really carry over to last mile delivery though? Especially hot food delivery. Seems like Uber's strength is getting to where the customer actually is instead of putting the product where it is most economical. As the clip points out you need a strong sense of empathy to convey information to people who aren't already interested in that information. John knows what people care about, Edward doesn't. I have never used EnterpriseDB and I am only aware of it from a distance but it has always struck me as the ideal open source arrangement. Sure, EnterpriseDB is never going to have the revenue numbers of Oracle but their management and business teams should have a much easier time sleeping at night. I think it is great that EnterpriseDB has identified that it is better for their company to exist as part of a healthy ecosystem instead of trying to pave paradise so to speak. That is an exceptional and unfair characterization of all men. That's a compelling argument, do you think a Google search for a person's name (or maybe any term) is similar to calling a phone number? If the police asked the phone company for the name of everyone who called (555) 867-5309 on a given date or time I don't think that sounds unreasonable. Why would the cameras have to be in closets? If the hoodie is in your closet then you aren't wearing it so it means nothing. If you are seen wearing the same clothes as a suspect in a crime in a nearby location at the same time then I think that's a reasonable way to narrow down a list of suspects. This seems a bit different though, the police are asking Google for a list of people who searched for a specific term, they aren't asking for the entire search history of those people. In that way I think the potential for revealing personal secrets is much more limited than it appears in the headline. You're making a lot of assumptions here though. Is wire fraud just an unsolvable crime? Is all crime on the internet unsolvable because the police cannot gather any evidence at all? I agree that privacy is more important than security but I think you are going a little too far with this comment. Sure, the police should be careful with this evidence and it doesn't prove any wrongdoing but I don't see how it's unreasonable for police to ask who searched for a specific term at a specific time in a specific place. This sounds like a very targeted request for information. Sure, police attention is not something anyone should seek out but I don't see how this is different than any other established investigative technique. You have constructed an entirely fictional example to make your point but you have not cited an actual example of the police overstepping their bounds with this type of search. Sorry, that's not compelling to me. I don't completely disagree with you but this doesn't make a convincing case against this type of request to me. Are phone calls not also done in the safety of your own home? Can police request call records? Google does not exist inside your house, neither does the internet. No reasonable person could believe that they do. The way I read the article the police are asking for people who searched for a name that they have found is associated with pictures that were used in the attempted fraud. It sounds to me like they have done their digging and want to know who searched these terms to do further investigation. We don't know what other investigation the police have done. By limiting it to a geographic area I can at least imagine they have done some other investigation to narrow it down to that area. I don't know this but I do think it is promising that the police are narrowing their search to a specific time and area, that seems like something that should happen in an investigation. I don't think that is a more correct analogy because as I read it the police are asking for people who searched for pictures that were used in the fraud. The term doesn't sound like it was for the victim it was for some supporting material to attempt the fraud. "Douglas" (the search term/phone number) is not the victim. You do make a good point about the page in the phone book, that is something I had not considered. I don't have any proof that they know or even that they suspect they happened. Do you have proof that the police didn't make these same requests to other search engines? If this information exists it may help the police find the scammer and they don't seem to be overreaching to me. That's not a logical assumption. Three months is a long time and you have applied no geographic limitation. Sure, if the situation was different it would be ...different. That's not much of an argument though. Also, you would really only be identifying orgy attendees. And yeah, I don't trust the police with my data but I am reassured by the limited time and geography in their request. Ok yes, that's a fair point. What I mean is that this is much more targeted than the headline makes it sound. At first glance the police department wants access to the entire search history of everyone in some town. In reality they are asking for something much more specific than that. Ok, that's a great point. You're concerned with the effectiveness of the evidence in a later trial. You cited a good example of how this could backfire on the police. Having said that I am concerned with the alarmist tone this article takes and the clickbait nature of the headline. The police are not doing what the article makes it sound like they are doing. This kind of thing undermines the fair criticism of police evidence collection and a productive conversation about privacy. This was discussed in previous threads, Youtube captioning is not (yet) good enough to meet the courts standard. Would it be more efficient to have a secondary bus in the home that provides lower voltage and current for IoT type devices? Something like the USB ports built in to the power outlet but that actually has a single converter in the home with more efficiency. This is exactly the type of response I was hoping for, thank you. Is this a similar reason to why long distance power lines are of a much higher voltage? This is exactly the kind of alarmist hyperbole that concerns me in these conversations. Because if you block it then they can't do it and you have nothing to report. Everyone wins. Why is a proxy necessary for a student to self-educate? Are you just saying this is a lesson they learn the hard way once they have been spied on? I'm not sure how much illegal tax evasion happens at the top. The way I look at it you only need tax evasion at lower income levels because of the huge risk associated. Once you have the money you can just buy the tax codes you want. What were the consequences to you, the DBA, and the organization? Why is it "very right" for the government to use a platform-independent font instead of a font that loads quickly and provides users with access to relevant information quickly? This really cannot be overstated. When I was in college I always made it a point to schedule a fitness class of some kind in my credit load, most of the time it was just a credit to show up at the gym regularly. It was a great way to overcome my laziness and get regular exercise. It was one of the most important lessons I learned at the time because I had gone through a year or so of no real exercise and when I started again everything became so much easier. I think you are drawing a false dilemma here. Exercise is absolutely critical to mental and physical health, there are no substitutes. Studying and exercise should be balanced as time allows but exercise should never be eliminated. Studying without exercise would be like studying by only skimming text. It's really not worth the time if you can't understand and retain what you are studying. I think considering exercise to be unpleasant is similar to considering math "too hard". It's a matter of attitude and perspective. You are probably right that there are benefits from overcoming that perspective but it's unfortunate that we continue to perpetuate the perception that these positive experiences are somehow negatives in the moment. We should really improve our internal marketing campaigns. What's the going rate on an intelligence implant these days? Having cosmetic surgery to overcome a lack of exercise is like moving your fuel gauge to "Full" so you ever have to buy gas. The difference is that your home security system is not an artistic expression. Where the security system has a practical use outside of existing. It does help to perpetuate a myth that there are alternatives to exercise which could enter in to a persons decision to exercise or not, even if they decide to do something else with their time. Indeed they do not exclude each other but they are also not the same thing. The linked video appears to be a purely artistic expression, the comparison it to a home security system is not applicable. Does this account for the additional value a longer life may bring to society? A healthy person could stay in the workforce longer for example. What if the malware just waits a few months to spring the news that your files are encrypted? Offsite backups don't save you from encryption based attacks. If the last letter determines gender what's the point of using "el" or "la" at all? But they aren't exclusively your images, you gave them to Facebook when you uploaded them. Facebook is not a free image hosting or backup tool. You should never have had an expectation you could get back anything that you put in. It's really useful in cases where you need an answer a question like "I want to drill a hole in the middle of this board which is 12.25 (12 and 1/4) inches long." It's easier to for me to split that in half in my head than divide the fraction and find the corresponding mark on my tool. Half of 12 is 6, half of 1/4 is 1/8, I drill the hole at 6 and 1/8". It's easy to get a fractional measurement of whatever is in front of you and immediately work with that measurement in your head then find the corresponding mark on your measuring tool. There is no reason the same system would not work with metric, it just seems to be more common with imperial units. You own the content, not the files, there is a difference. Nothing in that snippet says they have to give you back anything . This has nothing to do with eyeballing, I hope I did not give that impression. In the imperial measurement world there are also standard sizes of things but that's not the point. Using a fractional scale (not necessarily imperial!) does have benefits in some situations, such as measuring and working with some arbitrary object placed in front of you. Measuring twice is not unique to the metric system and is very common in the imperial unit world as well. Not everything in the world is (or should be) provided by Ikea :) I don't understand this example. Are you claiming the laws of thermodynamics only work with a very high probability? Why would that not matter? If you ignore some states that are possible is that not changing the problem? I'm not a physicist and I probably could have phrased that a little better. The example of a bowl of soup randomly and unevenly changing temperature implies to me that the physical system behaves randomly which I do not believe it does. Because life is short. Surprising and a bit disappointing from a company that is famous for reinventing itself. Was that a coincidence? Please don't leave us hanging. Yeah, that's more of a web framework thing. Never assume management's expectations. Sounds like your manager dropped the ball. Management makes the big bucks to avoid these situations, not pass blame to the people they fail. Firing an employee should reflect at least as badly on management as it does on the employee. Why did they hire you in the first place? Are their hiring policies broken? Why are you expected to read minds? I'm not sure I follow, are you assuming poor college students are expected to help support their families while in school? That's not entirely fair. There's a wide range of motorcycle gear available. Buying the best stuff, the equivalent of high-strength line, does dramatically reduce your risk of injury or death relative to cheap or no gear. Asking if the line was the appropriate type is a valid question. A huge part of riding a motorcycle is preparing for the unexpected. Always having an escape path, knowing your limits and the limits of your gear and riding within them. I'm sure there are similar concepts for divers, it's entirely fair to ask if this diver took all the necessary precautions or if there are additional precautions that are possible. At what cost? Should parents ride bicycles? Run marathons? Swim? Go outside? Where do you draw the line? This is a really interesting point. How big would a cave need to be in order to support the oxygen requirements of a single human? I assume surface area of the water is the important factor? I'm imagining a material that can withstand the compressive forces involved. "If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses." - Henry Ford You still need test cases to make sure the requirements have been satisfied. Even in the case where you know there is a problem with a query and show there is a difference with Cosette there is no guarantee that it will show the specific difference you are looking for. This is a fantastic tool but it doesn't replace testing. Cosette can prove equivalency but not correctness . Unit testing can't prove correctness either but it can demonstrate that specific conditions are satisfied. If you have a query 1 that satisfies case a and b but then identify a bug and add case c you can write a query 2 which satisfies a, b and c and indeed Cosette may identify that case as the difference (or not!) but you still have no guarantee that you will not then discover case d which is not satisfied by 1 or 2 or a future 3. In what way does that seem fair? This is a dangerous way to present facts that changes the perception of the reader in ways that may not be noticed while not technically telling a lie. You are claiming that all crimes are of equal severity and should have equal consequences. That is absurd. Short of presenting data I think you're making a bit of a leap to say that pornography encourages some undesired behavior. It could easily be argued either way. > There's a big discussion about what's bad about drugs. But I wonder if we can rationally work out what's bad about child porn. You're right that this is a very difficult topic to discuss rationally but I'm going to try anyway. > What if it was published for free? What if children weren't physically abused but were secretly and anonymously photographed? Shouldn't there be exceptions for victimless child porn? 1) Compensation does not have to be financial to be an incentive. 2) Anonymous photography of individuals without their knowledge can absolutely cause harm. 3) Being a victim of a crime does not require knowledge of the crime taking place nor does it require physical contact. > Of course the dominant factor is people are horrified by deviant sexualities. We're barely managing to accept homosexuality which is probably more common than peadophilia. You're equating homosexuality to child abuse which puts you on the wrong side of history. Why three? Why not two or five? What's so special about three that it fits such a wide range of offenses? I rest my case. Three strikes applies to both violent and non-violent felonies and the example earlier in the thread is for petty theft. Do you consider those crimes to be equal? Are all felonies equal? Why does sentencing vary but strikes do not? Why is there a "suite of punishments" for these felonies but only one number of strikes? I never said the concept of strikes is wrong or even that three is the wrong number. I asked why the value is fixed across different crimes because it seems arbitrary. I have yet to see any evidence to the contrary. My question stands, why three instead of some other number ? Do you have a reason for three strikes other than "because that's what we always did" or "baseball"? If those are the only reasons then I think we need to rethink this practice. I have never considered the failure of the war on drugs from this perspective, thanks for sharing that. That's disingenuous. Adobe didn't invent Flash, they bought the company that did. Adobe's strategy is based on them having resources to acquire, not create. I used Waze during my commute a couple months ago. I didn't look at my phone before lunch. When I went to look up what food was in my area that day my phone was already prompting for low power mode. Plugged in to my car my phone battery only maintains charge with Waze running. Google/Apple maps do not seem to have this problem. As mentioned DC is in Maryland not California. e: http://www.lacantdrive.com/2008/05/30/is-it-legal-to-change-... Why would this be interesting? Are you suggesting Bezos has an editorial influence at WP? Is that a problem with whitespace or your test/qa/release process? A curly brace language isn't any less likely to lose user data to a bug just because it has curly braces. Except for businesses that compete on price. A watt is a measure of power, not distance. The equivalent unit for a car would be horsepower. You could express the capacity of your fuel tank in horsepower hours. Since both are measurements of power and horsepower is defined in terms of watts you could even measure the capacity of your fuel tank in kilowatt hours. Similarly, you can define the output of your engine in kilowatts. That's not exactly the question. It's more like if you dropped the price of electricity to 1% would 100x as many people participate. The answer to that is generally yes. You don't have to stand at the car while it charges so the time comparison should really just be how long it takes to plug in and pay. This assumes the charger is at a location you are already visiting. If we accept that assumption you also save the time you went out of your way to a gas station. Marketing generally sounds reasonable at first glance. It is replaceable at an authorized (or just capable) service center. I have a problem with the second example. An attribute to track the title of an employee would solve the problem of finding the CEO and any other type of employee, this should not be done with recursion. If recursion is such an important concept we should have real-life examples of it being employed properly to lean on. Also am I missing something or does your findCeo function return the employee when they have a boss and recurse when they have no boss? Seems like this just returns the employee in most cases and infinitely recurses for the CEO who presumably has no boss. What caused the spike in the 1940s? Wartime fuel rationing? That's interesting. By 1946 most soldiers would have been back in the states but automobile production would still have been ramping up. New car designs didn't really hit the market until after 1948. Maybe that contributed? Nothing about a self-driving car requires it to be electric. That only holds if the content providers decide to continue providing Netflix with an attractive catalog. Netflix is the streaming equivalent of Comcast, it's not an attractive model to me. I would much rather I subscribed to the content separately from the display of that content. My Fire TV or Apple TV or whatever device should just show any content that I subscribe to (with all the benefits of a unified library) and I will pay the creators directly for access. That's not how cable works, they bundle content you don't want with the tiny amount you do. What you are describing allows me to make much finer grained choices about my content. It's alright but clearly dependent on the content providers and platform operators to be honest and accurate. Recently I tried to watch the new season of Archer. My Fire TV told me that show is available on Netflix and Hulu but didn't seem to know which seasons. I opened Netflix first and found they had old seasons but not the latest. I switched to Hulu and the thumbnail for the show mentioned Archer Dreamland, the latest season. I opened that up and found that the latest season was not available and Hulu had the same offering as Netflix. FXX themselves do not seem interested in my money and require that I have cable so I continue not consuming their content. Since existing bots are far from being competitive with human players why further handicap them in ways that deal with an entirely different domain? Why would that be ideal? Wouldn't that just make ML at the strategy layer harder without doing anything to make the discoveries more valuable? usaphp's point seems to be that the period should be less than one minute. When the police measure your speed with radar they are not waiting an hour to average your speed. The same idea applies here. But why is that desirable? Why would we want to emulate the human physical handicaps in our quest to advance AI at a strategy level? This is not the same AI you normally face in a game. Most (all?) of those AI opponents use rules written by the game developers to make decisions and some of them simply cheat to be competitive ( cough Mario Kart 64 cough ). This blog is about creating AIs that interact with the game the same way humans do, the computer plays by the same rules and has no special access to the game state beyond what the player would have. With these constraints there are no existing bots for StarCraft or StarCraft 2 that can even beat the built-in rule-based AI. They aren't even close to beating professional players. If the strategy abilities are so weak today that we can't even beat the tutorial AI then why introduce further arbitrary handicaps on the bots? How do those handicaps advance the state of the strategy layer? The AI has many potential advantages over the human player beyond just reaction time. Should we also limit the amount of data the bot considers to emulate the amount of inputs a human player can process? What about emulating human memory, can a human really learn from 60,000+ games? What about 1.5 million? I do not think it is desirable to emulate human limitations in AI unless you are trying to create an artificial human. I think the advantage of creating an AI is to do something people can't already do so why should we impose our physical constraints on them? I do not think it is important to separate reflex from strategy. Since every player has a different APM ability some strategies are more valid than others for each individual. If I do not have the reflexes of a professional player there are strategies I cannot employ. As long as StarCraft is not imposing APM limits on human players to maintain competitiveness the bots should also not have a limit. I would argue that efficiency is more important in a school bus than safety. Buses are designed for many years of service with long-lived and easy to replace parts. On the safety front they are painted yellow and have some lights. That's pretty much it. They don't even have seat belts. It looks to me like efficiency trumps safety in this case. That doesn't take availability into account. Checking "Prime" includes only those listings that are prime . It does not remove non-prime listings . No because products are sold by both Amazon and 3p sellers. If you filter prime you get things that have prime offers, not things that have only prime offers. It's possible you see something that is sold by Amazon and is prime but is out of stock and in stock for 3p fulfillment. Yes because cameras do not cover all parts of every road. I think that's a typo and it should say prune. Just yesterday I gave Apple Maps another try for turn-by turn and the UX is far superior to Google Maps. Apple Maps changes perspective dynamically depending on how far away the turn is, when it is far you get an angled view that allows you to see the upcoming roads. As you approach a turn the view switches to a top-down view that makes it easier to see the layout of the intersection. When you arrive at your destination Apple also does a better job indicating which side of the street the address is on. Google still wins on the lane awareness but that's their only advantage. It absolutely staggers me that nobody seems to bother making sure street names are actually visible on the map. I don't know how anyone that ships navigation software without visible street names sleeps at night. I didn't notice yesterday, I have been trained when using turn-by-turn to not look for street names anymore and just estimate from the highlighted route. Apple Maps appears to do a better job than Google but its still not what I would call good. Yeah and Kleenex is a brand of facial tissue but when you sneeze what do you ask for? I'm not aware of a "prine" tree and neither is Google so I think the intention was to type "prune" since u and i are neighbors on the keyboard. Do they even need to? If we assume the network is compromised and that the third party servers are compromised or can be with a warrant why bother owning the drones? What does that have to do with his personal wealth? How is Bezos' situation different than Gates? e: to clarify my second question: How is Bezos' situation different than Gates' when Gates left Microsoft . I agree with you in general but I avoid table names or aliases when the query uses only one table because that adds no clarity. Also, table names are often much longer than "user" so aliases can be useful. I do agree that aliases like a, b, c should be avoided and if an alias is required it should be descriptive. On my team we have a lot of common table aliases which are used by convention. We understand what they mean and it gets the point across without using 20 characters. Rent is expensive in my city, do you think it is reasonable to tell someone who can't afford rent to just buy their own building? That's what you are suggesting. The benefits of a higher education are more than just career path and earnings. I can only speak from personal experience but I grew a great deal as a person while pursuing my B.S. I had experiences and met people I never would have otherwise. I very nearly stayed in my small rural town working retail and farming jobs but my education opened doors to new people and experiences. My worldview is much different now than it was before college and my life is much more fulfilling on a personal level. While I was fortunate to select a degree that had positive economic benefits for me that is far from the only benefit. My B.S. was far from just a job training course. I studied a variety of topics and was exposed to ideas that I never considered before. I learned to think much more critically and to be more open to the world. You should care about this because money and a job are not everything in life. I know that sounds cliche but I am finally reaching a point in my life where I understand that. My education helped me reach this point. I really cannot say enough about how much my education means to me. Even if I did not leverage that education to start my career I would still consider it to be completely worth it. It doesn't, please read the rest of my post. It is ridiculous because time is scarce. We have to decide how to spend our time. That doesn't mean we have to shut up and accept everything else. Why would a political organization feel the need to protect their information from the DOJ? This isn't a matter of "sides", it is a matter of extreme overreach by the executive branch. Google is also protected by the first amendment which means they do not have to facilitate speech they disagree with. Sexual orientation is (or at least should be) protected so it cannot be used as the basis for discrimination, neither can race or religion. Being an inflammatory racist is not (and should not be) protected. This has nothing to do with net neutrality. Google is well within their rights to terminate these accounts. While individuals may have used the platform to plan illegal acts that does not mean everyone on the platform should have their information revealed. This type of dragnet investigation is illegal for a reason. The DOJs job is to collect evidence on criminals without trampling on the bill of rights. Asking for this information is lazy at best and malicious at worst. Video playback is hard . Does Reddit have the technical resources to make this work? Only a handful of companies have pulled it off. Other than YouTube are there any web video players that are ready for prime time? Facebook's player is as much of a nightmare of usability as would be expected from the rest of their site, it's unusable for me on both an iPhone 6s in their native app and on the web. Netflix does a good job in their apps but I haven't used their web player in years, is it any good? News sites seem to love auto-playing videos that don't actually play but still follow the visitor through the page. If the videos do play I can look forward to my laptop fans ('14 RMBP) immediately kicking into high gear. Is this the experience I can look forward to on Reddit? On the web the only usable player I interact with is YouTube. No other site has video that I would describe as watchable. You're kidding right? What about the CDN? Does anyone actually use a plain html5 tag for playback? Is that what Facebook and news sites like NYT and CNN are using? Is that what Reddit will use? Outside Youtube I can't think of a single video player I would even call usable, forget polished. I was surprised at the reaction of my manager when I resigned from my first big kid job. I expected him to be supportive and happy for me as he had always been. Instead he seemed personally insulted as if I had betrayed him. It was the right move for my career objectively but there seemed to be some resentment that I was "just in it for the money". Working a dead-end data analyst job at a company that is actively shipping its technical talent offshore was (and still is) not my idea of an attractive career path. The HR rep pulled me into an impromptu meeting to find out what it would take to get me to stay. I told her I would need at least as much as the offer which was 40% more than my current salary. Her response was "do you think you are worth that?". I told her the other company thought so or they wouldn't have made the offer. Needless to say I didn't stay. First off and most importantly ISO 8601 is a standard for data interchange so being easy to parse visually and with a computer is a feature. ISO 8601 groups and sorts well without needing special rules and remains consistent all the way from the year to the millisecond. It is easier to parse visually when you are looking at a list of values, especially if they are similar. Second "little endian" dates are inconsistent because the year is still big endian. If you want to remain consistent you would have to write the current year as 1720 (or even 7120!) because the years (or decades) are smaller than the century. To achieve the consistency of ISO 8601 with little endian time you would also have to write seconds before minutes and minutes before hours. I'm not a fan of dates at the beginning of the file name. If a file name needs a date I always put it at the end so future versions group when sorting the files. Fair enough, I don't consume Hulu, Netflix or HBO through their web players so I am not familiar with them. Their apps are serviceable although I wish the player was determined by my platform rather than the app. I never really know what will happen when I push the "back" button on my streaming box. The problem is most people aren't good at UI/UX but you have a good point. Does Reddit care about DRM in their videos? What about the CDN component? What about encoding support? Oh this looks like a fun game. Let me try. Let's take a pessimistic guess at the efficacy of antivirus software and say it blocks 20% of the new malware generated in a given day. Now let's take a wildly optimistic stab at the added risk of using antivirus and say it increases your exposure by 35%. Are you really saying that a 35% risk increase is an acceptable price to pay for a small reduction in overall risk? You can't just pull numbers out of thin air to make your point. Experience has shown us that antivirus software does not do what it says on the tin. > Whose experience? Off the top of my head, users of Bitdefender. You're right of course, my point is that without some evidence you're just making up numbers to prove your point and any jerk with a keyboard (like say, me) can do the same thing. Thanks for providing some background to those numbers. I made my numbers up to prove a point. Antivirus has it's place of course but they are not all created equal. There's a lot of marketing B.S. associated with AV products, especially consumer versions. A lifetime ago I worked in IT support and AV was a constant pain point. For me it was a lot of energy wasted cleaning up PCs that were "protected" by the likes of Symantec and Norton. I hope the state of the industry has improved since then. The only way this is an advantage is if Uber themselves are the only ones with autonomous cars. With the number of other companies working on this that seems unlikely. Autonomous cars will be a commodity, I think it's unreasonable for Uber to point to that as their competitive advantage. Why would they not just buy autonomous Teslas? Or better yet, make their drivers buy autonomous Teslas. It also assumes they can make more using it for ride sharing themselves rather than licensing it to everyone. Uber loses money on every trip but makes up for it in volume. It really seems like an underpants gnome situation. I wouldn't call the stereotypical government site a "nice layout". It seems like more often than not my experience with government sites is that I have no idea how to find the data I need. Try finding a campground in Washington in the early spring. Is it open? Do they take reservations? Are they required? Good luck. Agreed that trendy and usable are unrelated. How do you know this? It's equally possible the majority of people just don't care. That doesn't mean they like AMP or would op-in to it given the choice. How would this be implemented without special cases? Why should a platform care about AMP's policy? Google already wrote AMP which parses page content and presents the user with Google's ideal version of the page. Just include the delta in the ranking. The more a page has to be "cleaned" by AMP the lower it ranks. There are company cafeterias and private restaurants and food trucks. Amazon does not force employees to buy food at Amazon cafes. The campus is just in a city where normal city things exist. > I think they meant internal to South Lake Union. That's an absurd statement though. A company town exploits the workers by making profit from them. Amazon is not doing this. It's clickbait. Amazon isn't setting up most of these stores. The overwhelming majority of the businesses in SLU are not owned by or affiliated with Amazon. The headline is blatant clickbait. Narrow body production is still just south of Seattle in Renton. Both Renton and Everett (wide body) are in the Seattle Metro Area. You forgot to mention Bellevue which is home to Microsoft, Expedia, Tableau, Concur, T-Mobile, Pokemon, Valve and others. All of those companies are more closely related to Amazon than Boeing. The chart is also deceiving because they label the next 40 companies as "everyone else" which is simply false. Also I don't see the definition of "prime office space". As far as I can tell the definition is "convenient for the purpose of this story". Yeah good point. In general something like that could still work though. Whatever characteristics of a page Google is trying to "fix" with AMP could just be added to the ranking algorithm. Microsoft has offices in Bellevue as well. If Tableau is in Fremont they moved and I missed it. They're still comparable to Amazon and in the Seattle metro area yet outside the "prime" locations. I have not gotten this impression at all in my 5 years in Seattle. There are certainly people who live the stereotypical active northwest lifestyle but I've never felt pressured to do the same by any of them. I think you misinterpret frugal to mean "cheap". Also I love the idea of the urban campus both from a convenience and a social consciousness perspective. My most vivid memory of that tour is standing on the 3rd floor balcony of an office building and looking up at the ceiling. Redmond and the rest of the eastside are very much part of the Seattle area. Many people commute both ways. I agree that when you go as far North as Everett and as far south as Tacoma those are different areas. That's not what Amazon is doing at all. That's not really true. Seattle doesn't exist in a vacuum, they are all part of the same metro area. So sure, Portland is not the same city but you can't say Bellevue is entirely separate. I'm almost certain Tableau started in Bellevue, I just didn't know they moved. When I was working on the eastside they had a big office downtown by the Microsoft towers. Expedia is moving to the old Amgen campus but currently they are still in Bellevue. I agree with your aside completely. What do you think of the light rail addition on I-90? How can this be true? Technology is created exclusively by people. Our values are baked in. Filesystems have a concept of ownership, ask your dog what that means. I wonder about the efficacy of banning the devices entirely until a certain point. Is that all that is done or is an attempt made to teach children how to responsibly use the devices so they don't gorge themselves when the ban is lifted? That's a good way of stating it actually, something to think about. Will that be the effect on children though? I don't see how prohibition gets us there on its own. It doesn't work for any other addiction. You're twisting my words. Of course Bellevue is not part of the City of Seattle but they are very much codependent. The obsession over the city line is pointless here. This is important in a conversation about office space. The obsessive focus on a subset of the City of Seattle's office space serves to advance a specific narrative and ignores the reality of the situation. That's a mischaracterization of my words. I don't consider myself particularly stupid or weird but I do admit to bias on that topic. I ride a bus across the city that goes almost door to door from my apartment to my office. It's fantastic. I used to do the commute across the area by car and it was awful, a couple hours a day sitting in my car wasting time. Sorry, I'm confused, you felt pressured or you felt that people are just doing their thing? That's great then. As adults were are left to our own devices to figure out how to use new technology. Giving children those mechanisms will serve them well long-term. That was my misunderstanding then. I wonder how much more the average driver's skill can degrade. We never re-train so isn't there a natural degradation already? Will automation make that worse or will it not be significant? I'm not sure that experience implies skill but you make a good point. Yes, that is where we are missing each other because fixating on some subset of the office space in the area ignores the reality both for the metro area and Seattle proper. The metro area is what matters economically and office space should be evaluated in that context. We can discuss the impact to the city itself of its share of office space in the metro area but focusing on this little piece of the puzzle is a distraction. How do you know where I live? Not that it matters but I moved to Seattle in 2011 and I have lived and worked in both Bellevue and Seattle. ST is fixating on one aspect of Amazon's impact to the city of Seattle to advance their desired narrative. They use a hyperbolic headline to perpetuate a negative image of Amazon then correlate office space with economic contribution. Nothing in the article convinces me that Amazon has turned Seattle into a "company town'. You response to my post was literally (emphasis mine): > I agree. But they're not at all part of the city. My point is that Belleuve and the rest of the eastside is much more closely related to Seattle than a place like Everett or Tacoma and so a conversation about office space should acknowledge that. People and companies are mobile between the eastside and Seattle much more than they are to the north and south. This is relevant in a conversation about office space, even if you are evaluating it from a position of what's best for Seattle itself. It is mind blowing because we have the technology to do it electronically but nobody can trust it because we don't have the social systems in place. I'm saying we can't trust the companies to do a competent job or the government to hire someone competent. People trust things they understand. Counting votes manually is easy to understand. It's hard to trust an electronic system. He also provided a platform to legitimize creationism by debating it as if it is a valid explanation of how the world came to be. I understand the desire to promote debate but I think he fell into the false balance trap. He did a great deal to advance STEM in the millennial generation which should not be understated but nobody is faultless. He is a great educator but I question if he really knows how best to use his platform. Energy prices have fallen continually through human history. As our demand for energy increases we find better and better ways of harnessing available energy. This wafer technology itself could lead to reducing energy costs to a point where silicon refinement becomes economical for the production of further wafers. The availability of Silicon is not a limitation energy prices are. I know what he said and I watched the debate. I'm aware of what his intent was, I just question the efficacy. You're falling in to the same trap I think Bill Nye fell into. There are not always precisely two equally valid opinions. Forcing debate to fit the assumption that exactly two perspectives are equally valid perpetuates the creation of baseless theories for the purpose of debate itself. See: cable news. I'm not saying we should refuse to debate in all cases. There are not always exactly two sides and just because someone comes up with a crazy idea does not mean we should spend energy arguing with them. Yes, talking and educating people is an important endeavor and one that Bill Nye has proven to be well suited. However, education and debate are not the same thing and it is easy to legitimize dangerous ideas by putting them on an equal footing with proven concepts in the context of a debate. I have all kinda of crazy beliefs, many that I probably can't even identify myself. That doesn't mean I should waste an expert's time with debate. Nobody loved Trump when he stayed out of politics, he just didn't matter. When he injected himself into the political world and started influencing the national conversation that's when people started to care. I'm not even going to debate with you on the racist or sexist fronts, if you reject facts there's not much of a conversation to be had. I'm curious, how do you propose they pay their costs? If you are unwilling to look at ads why is it unreasonable for them to ask you to pay a subscription? What if the significant issue is that the injured parties do not have the resources to speak? The validity of criticism should not be linked to economic power of the injured. Is the Washington Post a think tank now? Does Amazon own the Washington Post? How so? Why would it benefit Google to fund outcomes that harm Google. How can a harm be a benefit? Even if they are politically neutral why would the think tank expect to be funded by the target of their criticism? If they are truly neutral why would they not seek out diverse funding sources? I agree that the target of criticism should not be required to fund that speech and that the freedom of speech also applies to the right to not speak. My comment deals with your second sentence. > Surely there would enough injured parties who have a reason to fund it. You suggest that criticism is valid only if the injured have the economic power to speak. This is a dangerous way to determine validity because it forms a feedback loop where those with economic power suppress the speech of those without. 1) WaPo is not owned by Amazon. 2) That would create a clear conflict of interest. This post is an example of what can happen when you have only one source of funding which you may need to criticize. I think your simplification misses an important distinction which you address later in your comment. The first amendment protects from reprisals from the government . If we are in a world where the government suppresses speech we are in a different kind of dystopia than one where corporations do the same thing. The solution will be different because the way we interact with our government is different from the way we interact with corporations. Jeff Bezos and Amazon are not the same person. This is an important distinction. The difference being Eric Schmidt and Google took an action. Eric Schmidt and some other business he owns did not. The action was against an organization that Google was doing business with because the arrangement no longer made sense for Google. A think tank and a newspaper are not the same thing. There is no expectation of integrity from a think tank. The original comparison suggests Amazon is abusing influence to control the narrative at WaPo in the absence of any evidence of such abuse. You can make up whatever reality you want. Suggesting Bezos abuses his influence at WaPo to benefit Amazon has nothing to do with Google deciding to stop doing business with an organization that began working against Google's interest. That's not a very good answer. Do you think one newspaper should allow you to read their work because you subscribe to another? If you don't want to subscribe just turn off the adblocker. They're giving you the choice. Surely that's what makes it impersonation? I think this prompts an interesting conversation about corporate power to influence speech. Also, think tanks impact more than just the people funding them so the customer model doesn't fit as neatly. Yes, Jeff Bezos. The implication that Bezos abuses his position to favor one organization over the other has no clear basis in fact. It is also not relevant to the story about Google taking action in Google's favor. You claimed that the disaster is the same if the government or a corporation is doing the censoring. I'm arguing that there's a difference between corporate and government censorship and as a result our reaction as a society is necessarily different. The first amendment does only apply to government which is why it's not effective in controlling corporate abuses of power. Amazon is not owned entirely by Bezos so he would have to justify using Amazon revenue to support WaPo to the rest of Amazon ownership. If Amazon owned WaPo that would be an easier thing to do in the same way Amazon may subsidize IMDb, Zappos or Whole Foods. In this case the distinction between the two matters. Just because the same person is in a similar position at both companies does not mean money can easily flow beteeen them. This is the same reason the WaPo is not a tax shelter for Amazon. That doesn't justify putting other people's lives at risk. Testing on a live system without permission is still irresponsible.